Even I get tired of arguing about tax hikes .
For a change of pace , I invite you to contemplate the hazard posed by that old computer monitor sitting in your basement or the pre-big screen TV collecting dust in your garage .
They contain toxic chemicals --
do n't dump them in the trash !
Be responsible and unload them at one of 18 electronics recycling events scheduled in Virginia this April .
If landfilled or incinerated , hazardous materials in common electronic products may be released into the soil , air or water .
Televisions and computer monitors use cathode ray tubes -LRB- CRTs -RRB- , each of which contain as much as 8 pounds of lead .
Flat screen TVs and monitors contain mercury .
Printed circuit boards and switches in electronic devices contain small amounts of chromium , cadmium , mercury and lead .
'' Almost seventy - five percent of all obsolete electronics are still stored in offices and homes . This is a great opportunity to get rid of that old PC or VCR that has been collecting dust and know it will be responsibly reused or recycled , '' said Computer Recycling Initiative 's Director , Carrie Dorsey .
Click here to find a recycling event near you .
Good idea .
I 'd feel a lot better about it if the stuff did n't wind up going to China and being `` recycled '' in a manner that is environmentally unfriendly .
It 's kind of like the Oregon soft drink cans .
Turns out they were being ground up and turned into substrate for leaching gold : a pretty nast process .
Darn , they are n't hitting Spotsy .
I 've got two dead monitors taking up space in my office .
Jim , on behalf of the Virginia Recycling Markets Development Council and the Mid-Atlantic Consortium of Recycling and Economic Development Officials -LRB- MACREDO -RRB- , thanks for plugging e-cycling .
Such events are becoming more frequent and more convenient to more Virginia residents , although based on cod 's comment , we still have a ways to go .
A well - used economic development tool is the incubator , typically an office building that is subdivided and provides subsidized rent and admin services to small business that have outgrown their garage or bedroom , but are too small for leased space .
These incubators typically cater to high tech or `` clean '' service businesses .
I have always thought we should consider setting up recycling `` incubators '' at landfills and transfer stations .
E-waste and construction waste are two potentially profitable steams
and nurturing small recycling businesses might serve both an economic development good and a public good .
A person with a pick - up truck could start such a business pretty easily .
The cost of a trailer or two and a covered space would probably be much less than equivalent office space .
If we stimulated home - grown markets , we might not send so much to China , although I suppose anything we can do to curb the trade deficit might be considered a good thing in some quarters .
That 's right .
I know a guy who gets surplus building materials sorts and resells it .
I 've bought quite a bit from him
and he apparently does a good business .
The business itself is somewhat trashy looking .
It appears that it is located on part of an old family farm ,
and the nearby houses are ones that have been spun off to family memebers .
But if anybody else tried to duplicate it , I ca n't think of anyplace in my county where it would be allowed , or else the requirements would be so onerous it could n't survive .
In my home town , they once built an entire tanker truck for the fire department , out of stuff that came from the dump .
We had really low taxes .
The dump had well organized recycling areas located around the central landfill pit ,
and people had a good eye for things that others might want .
Recycling is a really good idea ,
but it is hard to make it pay ,
and it has a waste stream of its own .
What we need to do is to move the recycling process forward into the repair world .
The Volkswagen Beetle was a terrible car ,
but it was eminently recyclable .
I had one for almost twenty years
and at the end there was n't a single part that was original .
The entire body had been swapped out , the machinery several times , and the running gear many times .
It was still running when I sold it ,
but if VDOT ever checked the serial numbers , I do n't know what would happen .
The other thing we need to do is expand the deposit idea .
In addition to having deposits on soft drink bottles , we should have them on appliances , autos and other big ticket items where they can do some good .
The deposit would flow to the recycler who is the final user :
this would make recycling profitable .
He would claim the refund from the manufacturer .
This would ensure that the user of a product pays for its disposal ,
and manufacturers would have an incentive to keep the deposit money as long as possible by building items that can be repaired rather than disposed of .
In the case of foreign manufacturers , the recycling fee would haqve a similar effect as an import duty and could be collected in the same way , but without being called a tariff .
Why do some localities charge for the service while others do n't ?
Just curious .
Because , for the most part , it is a money losing operation , or at most marginal .
Recall the story of mandatory newspaper recycling in the District .
As a political city , they created so much waste product they flooded the market .
If you want to look down the road , think about what is going to happen after we spend a few billion to meet the Chesapeake Bay waste water restrictions .
Where are we going to put all the sludge that results ?
Once we stop putting it in the Bay , we are going to have to put it on the land .
Then we will have regulations to prevent sludge runoff in order that we do n't pay for the same sludge creation multiple times .
Eventually we will outlaw gravity so that sludge is prohibited from running downhill .
Coming soon to a farm near you : two month 's worth of stench .
As an engineer and a flinty New Englander , and a farmer , I spend a lot of time fixing old junk .
I ca n't stand throwing something away .
Maybe some of it comes from growing up on an island where there was no place to throw it .
My father used to say that garbage was like scotch tape .
-LRB- Shaking his thumb with an imaginary loop of tape on it . -RRB-
`` You ca n't throw it away ,
you can only stick it someplace else . ''
When I 'm repairing something that was designed so it ca n't be fixed , it makes me crazy .
I want to go find some enginner and marketing guy an knock heads together .
Here are a few examples .
A rototiller with gears made out of free machining brass .
Guaranteed to fail .
A windshiel wiper motor installed in a totally inaccessible place under the dash .
It was installed by compressing four little rubber studs into holes in the sheet metal , and sealed with a ten inch oblong flat gasket .
When the rubber studs rotted away , the motor fell on the floor , followed by a torrent of rain that shorted out everything under the dash .
A 1/4 inch diameter spring loaded shift lever detent that you had to break the tractor in half to replace .
Every piece of household plumbing and wiring I ever had to fish through a hollow wall .
Anything that can only be repaired upside down .
A twelve bolt circle on a transmission housing with six hex head bolts and six star pattern bolts .
Try and figure that out in the dark under the car .
The ignitor for the gas range that costs 25 % of what the range cost .
What 's worse is , that because I 'm good at this , people think I like it .
Wrong .
I hate things
and I love flesh .
I 'm convinced that things are inhabited with Gremlins .
It 's a vicious circle .
The more stuff you have the more stuff you need to maintain it , like the Virginia Highways .
It starts with a screwdriver ,
and next thing you know it 's a shopfull of air compressors , saws , welders , a forklift , an earthmover , a dump truck to haul the earthmover .....
My wife takes great glee in making fun of all of this .
Then I pointed out all he special purpose tools in her kithchen ,
and that is just for one job .
She carefuly forgets all that when she needs something and it turns out that I have just the right framitz to manufacture a repair piece for her thing - a - bob .
I 'm convinced that we could solve our balance of payments deficits if we just passed must be repairable laws .
Every engineer should be required to be a mechanic for ten years .
For many of us our life has come down to buy it at Wal - mart and take it to the dump .
Even if you buy it at the BMW or John Deere dealer it is no different .
So , if PEC wants to make a supporter out of me , the way to do it is to start a campaign that ensures things do n't have to be thrown away , not one to recycle them at a loss .
I work for E-Tech Recycling Inc -LRB- http://www.etechrecycling.com -RRB- , an electronics recycling company located in Virginia .
We recycle all types of electronics items such as computers , monitors , TVs etc.
When I speak with people about the importance of recycling electronic items , they are very ignorant .
I think more than anything , we need to educate people about the importance of recycling .
posted by <$BlogBacklinkAuthor$> @ <$BlogBacklinkDateTime$>
Note : There 's a piece by George Packer in The New Yorker -LRB- '' Betrayed : the Iraqis who trusted America the most '' -RRB- about all this , but it 's way too long to blog here .
Check it out if you want .
It 's hair - raising stuff .
Christ , can no one trust an American anymore ?
I 'm gettting sick and tired of being ashamed of the USA .
What have we come to ?
Fuck , piss , shit .
Anyway , here 's a shorter piece from Mother Jones :
Thrown to the Assassins
They cheered the U.S. invasion ;
they offered to help , signed on as translators , risked everything they had to work for the United States .
But when they had to run for their lives , America slammed the door .
By David Case / Mother Jones
On the day the American tanks rolled into Baghdad , Abather Abdul Hussein and his wife , Balqes Abdel Mohammed , threw flowers .
Literally .
After a lifetime of turmoil and tyranny , the couple fervently believed the invasion would bring peace .
Abather joined U.S. `` democratization '' efforts , such as a project to create a governing council for his neighborhood , and he occasionally ended up in the good - news Iraq stories that still seemed plausible in those days ;
one U.S. paper ran a five - column photo of him perched on a classroom chair surrounded by American soldiers , with a story about the `` new Iraq . ''
These days , Abather and his young family are among the hundreds of thousands of Iraqis who have fled in fear for their lives .
After months spent dodging insurgents who had targeted them for supporting the Americans , he and Balqes are relieved to have escaped -- and bitter , like thousands of fellow refugees , that the superpower for which they risked their lives has abandoned them .
A short man who bundles his shattered body in layers against the desert 's winter chill , the 34 - year - old Abather is polite and relaxed , with an easy smile .
An engaging conversationalist even in broken English , he loves to talk about Baghdad , his infant daughter , and his wife , an outspoken woman several years his senior , whom he calls a genius .
`` When we met she was a professor at Baghdad University , '' he boasts .
`` I was her student .
When she walked into a room , hundreds of people would stand to pay her respect . ''
Considering that his life savings will run out in two months , that he ca n't work legally in Jordan , and that he could be deported at any moment , Abather is remarkably stoic , though the anxiety leaks out in tics .
He chain - smokes cheap Craven A cigarettes , crushing the charred filters in an overflowing ashtray ;
when Balqes complains , he sheepishly offers that `` smoking is my only work . ''
It 's not quite true --
his one other job during the past 18 months has been recounting his nightmare , over and over again , to border guards , embassy workers , and aid agencies .
In December , he reluctantly told it to me , pulling documents from a worn leather folder to corroborate the details .
The story began after the ouster of Saddam , when Abather and Balqes , like many Iraqis , launched a de-Baathification program of their own .
Their target was the dean who had been Balqes ' boss at Baghdad University -LRB- and who , as Abather tells it , had forced her out when she resisted joining the Baath Party -RRB- .
Balqes wanted her job back ;
one day Abather confronted the dean ,
and tempers flared .
American soldiers broke up the brawl , bound Abather 's wrists with a zip tie , and interrogated him .
He explained Balqes ' gripe and what the loss of her job had meant for their family , including their 3 - year - old son and Balqes ' 14 - year - old son from a previous marriage -LRB- her first husband had been killed in the Iran - Iraq War -RRB- .
Though he held a master 's degree in engineering , Abather had n't been able to get a job in the doldrums of sanctions - era Iraq ,
so he was scraping together a living repairing watches , his wife and children crammed into his father 's small home .
`` The soldiers were very understanding , '' Abather recalls .
`` I was impressed . ''
They offered the family an apartment in a place called Iraqi Village , a compound near the Baghdad airport where Saddam had housed orphans he was grooming to become fedayeen loyalists .
In return , the couple translated for the Americans , and eventually the Washington National Guard 's 1st Battalion 303rd Armored Regiment hired Balqes as an interpreter , at $ 15 per day .
Abather ended up leading a U.S. Army - contracted security squad with a monthly salary of $ 130 .
Learning that he was an engineer , soldiers later gave him lucrative reconstruction assignments .
He started an engineering firm and worked with contractors such as ABB and Kellogg , Brown and Root ;
in one heady year , Abather 's contracts would mushroom from a few thousand dollars to an $ 862,000 electrification project -LRB- later canceled because he could n't procure the needed equipment -RRB- .
Abather and Balqes glow with wonder when they speak of those days , of earning a good living and having their own home for the first time .
Most of all , Abather enjoyed hanging out with the Americans .
He seems to remember every soldier he ever met :
Captain Philips and Sergeant Buchard gave his children toys , a soccer ball , and school stationery ;
Lieutenant Glenn Allen got so close to the family they called him `` Uncle Allen . ''
-LRB- Allen confirmed Abather 's story in emails to me , calling him and Balqes `` very helpful individuals '' who `` risked their lives by meeting with us . '' -RRB-
It was as if they had suddenly found themselves citizens of the 51st state .
And so , in October 2004 , when Abather got his first death threat , he thought it was a joke .
It was handwritten , tucked under the windshield wiper of his car inside Iraqi Village , a gated community with American checkpoints at both its entrances ;
The note read :
Abather , Leave your work with the Americans .
Otherwise you will be killed by jihadis because you are a traitor .
Jihad Army
Then the killings began .
Lieutenant Allen had once given Abather a photo depicting two American soldiers with five of their Iraqi friends .
Three of the Iraqis were assassinated in short order .
Abather began to notice cars following him ,
and a few times shots were fired at his car .
The anonymous notes grew increasingly menacing .
Eventually , Iraqi Village felt so dangerous that Abather and Balqes moved the family back to his father 's house .
A death threat arrived there almost immediately .
Still Abather continued working with the Americans .
One day in August 2005 , Abather was driving Balqes , six months pregnant with their second child , to a doctor 's appointment .
At an intersection , he noticed a gold car parked by the road ;
suddenly the two men in it leveled guns at him .
`` This is the end , '' Abather thought ,
and then a U.S. patrol appeared
and the assailants vanished into traffic .
Within days , Abather and Balqes had sold off their belongings and fled to Amman .
Their troubles had only just begun .
The U.S. Embassy in Amman is an attractive , Arabian - style fortress , heavily guarded machine - gunners in Ford pickups .
It sits high on a hillside ,
and the view is so phenomenal that you can imagine your gaze reaching all the way to the Iraqi border , some 200 miles away .
In the foreground , Amman 's rolling mosaic of pale , boxy limestone buildings shimmers against the azure sky .
At its edges , in dank apartments on outlying hillsides , lives a substantial portion of Baghdad 's educated middle class .
Almost all fled in a panic , after getting death threats or seeing loved ones murdered ;
many were targeted by insurgents or jihadis because they supported , or worked for , the Americans .
Of Iraq 's 27 million prewar population , about 1 in 8 -- some 3.4 million people -- have left their homes since the invasion , according to the United Nations High Commission for Refugees -LRB- unhcr -RRB- ,
and more than half of those have ended up abroad .
Refugees International labels this the world 's fastest - growing humanitarian crisis .
Yet the Bush administration has refused to so much as acknowledge the refugees ' plight , let alone help them get to safety or even provide basic humanitarian aid .
In the past , notes Bill Frelick , refugee policy director at Human Rights Watch , the United States has often aided those persecuted for supporting it ;
since the Vietnam War , 1 million Vietnamese refugees have been resettled in the United States , including tens of thousands of South Vietnamese army veterans .
But the Bush administration `` has abdicated that obligation , '' says Frelick .
`` The people who have fled are the ones the administration was relying on to build democracy in Iraq ;
it would rather ignore them than acknowledge that its initiative has failed . ''
It was in Jordan that Abather and Balqes discovered the limitations of their friendship with the United States .
Lieutenant `` Uncle '' Allen had emailed the embassy in Amman to explain that the family feared for their lives ;
he 'd even offered to sponsor their relocation `` to the safety of the United States . ''
An unsigned email from the embassy commended Allen -- '' I know that your Iraqi friends appreciate your friendship '' -- but noted that U.S. visas are `` quite difficult '' for Iraqis to get .
Since 9 / 11 , Middle Easterners in general , and Iraqis in particular , have faced enormous hurdles getting admitted to the United States ;
until 2005 , the Bush administration maintained a total freeze on Iraqis that shut out current refugees as well as hundreds of people who had fled Saddam Hussein 's regime years earlier .
The email nonetheless provided instructions on getting a tourist visa ,
and Abather and Balqes quickly filed their application along with the $ 200 fee -- almost two months ' rent .
Several months later they were notified that they could visit the United States for up to three months , but that they could not bring their children .
They then made repeated visits to the unhcr to apply for official refugee status .
As it has with almost 99 percent of the Iraqis who have come through its office in Amman , the agency turned them down .
Abather and Balqes set their sights on a visa to Australia , a major destination for Iraqi refugees , and even hired an Iraqi lawyer there .
They waited for months .
Their savings dwindled ;
then their baby fell ill ,
and the emergency surgery , for an intestinal obstruction , cost $ 2,100 in cash .
In early June 2006 , Abather got a rejection letter from Australia .
Around the same time , word came that his father had died of a heart attack .
So he went back to Iraq to bury his father , help his mother find a place to live , and buy state - subsidized medicine for his daughter .
But when he returned to the Jordanian border less than a week later , he was told he could n't reenter the country :
Having recently suffered two terrorist attacks , Jordan had enacted a ban on entry for Iraqi men aged 17 to 35 .
For two days Abather stood on the highway at the border post , beseeching successive shifts of immigration officials .
Finally , a guard promised to send the medicine to his family in Amman if he would just go away .
Once again Abather headed back to Baghdad .
Driving in Baghdad a few days later , he noticed a bmw -- the Iraqi gangster 's vehicle of choice -- in his rearview mirror , closing in .
The car forced him off the road ;
armed men blindfolded him and knocked him unconscious .
When he woke up , he was in a tiny room , handcuffed to a chair .
Masked men came and went , videotaping as they cursed him as a traitor .
They whipped him with a steel cable ;
six months later , his back was still etched by deep , evenly spaced grooves .
`` We 've been searching for you for a year , '' his captors told him .
Abather recognized the voice of one man , an acquaintance from Iraqi Village who had seemed to befriend the Americans .
`` I 'm sorry your father passed away , '' the man said .
Soon , a bearded imam sentenced Abather to decapitation for collaborating with the United States .
Abather barely heard the proceedings .
`` I was thinking the whole time about my little daughter in Amman . ''
He was told he could save himself by spying on the Americans , but he refused .
On the eighth day , the men asked if there was anything he wanted before he died ;
then they put him on the floor in the back of the bmw and sped off .
Suddenly , Abather heard gunshots .
The men shouted .
The car crashed ,
and everything went black .
He woke up in a hospital bed 60 miles from Baghdad ;
Iraqi forces had attacked the bmw and pulled him from the burning wreck .
He had a compound fracture in his leg and severe burns all over his body ,
but the nurses urged him to leave :
His captors would be looking for him .
His brother -- who had received a ransom note from the kidnappers , complete with a photo of Abather bound and gagged -- brought him back to Baghdad , where doctors fused a piece of plastic onto his shin and grafted skin from his thighs over his wounds .
A few weeks later , he was back at the Jordanian border ,
and this time the guards took pity .
The family had n't told Balqes of the kidnapping .
But when she saw her disfigured husband , she says , `` I knew right away what happened . ''
On a crisp , clear day this past December , clutching a sheaf of papers documenting Abather and Balqes ' ordeal -- contracts , soldiers ' recommendations , death threats , a missing - person report -- I headed to American Citizen Services at the U.S. Embassy in Amman .
Abather and Balqes had made several pilgrimages there ;
they were convinced that if only they could speak to an American , Abather 's charred and mangled flesh would make their case , but they had never gotten past the Jordanian security guards .
Outside the embassy , I joined a chatty , eclectic crowd of Americans : a retired hippie turned English teacher from Vermont ; a woman with a New York accent who struggled through the narrow eye - slit in her black veil to keep track of her hyperactive daughter ; a white - bearded man in a Santa hat , who said he was picking up his passport before returning to the North Pole .
I wondered whether any of us would risk our lives for the United States as Abather and Balqes had .
To get past the compound 's first wall , we navigated a metal detector , a body frisk , and an X-ray machine ;
after crossing a 30 - foot no man 's land we repeated the process at the second wall .
Then we waited to be called .
The United States admits more refugees than any country in the world ,
but in 2006 , only 202 Iraqis were allowed in ,
and most of them had fled persecution under Saddam before the war .
This year , millions of Iraqis , Tibetans , Sri Lankans , and Afghans must compete for a mere 5,500 refugee slots Congress has allocated for the Middle East and South Asia .
The Iraqis are in line behind their compatriots who have been waiting in Jordan since the late 1990s .
Like other Western representatives , U.S. officials here refer displaced people to the unhcr , which is charged with determining whether someone is a real refugee , and if so , with finding him a safe place to go .
Except that , as Amman unhcr head Robert Breen told me , a 1998 agreement with Jordan forbids the agency from classifying anyone as a refugee whom it ca n't get out of the country within six months -- an impossibility in the post / 11 world .
-LRB- A country of about 6 million , Jordan has long had the world 's highest refugee population per capita , hosting more than a million Palestinians who fled Israel in 1948 and were supposed to stay only a short time . -RRB-
Of the 21,000 Iraqi asylum seekers the office has registered since the U.S. invasion , only 291 have been granted refugee status ; meanwhile the line outside the unhcr 's gates gets longer every week ,
and the wait for an interview stands at five months .
To care for all of the region 's displaced Iraqis , the agency had a total budget of $ 22 million in 2006 -- less than $ 7 a person , which must cover not only the Kafkaesque registration programs but also basic survival aid to refugees trapped in desert camps or squatting in abandoned buildings .
Recognizing the potential for `` severe humanitarian suffering , '' the Iraq Study Group in December recommended that `` the United States take the lead '' in funding the UNHCR 's Iraq program ;
currently it donates no more than a quarter of the budget .
Direct U.S. aid to the refugees consists of a tiny grant to the Catholic relief organization Caritas -LRB- see `` How to Help , '' page 68 -RRB- .
At the embassy , I recounted Abather and Balqes ' ordeal at Window 3 , then at Window 1 -- the setup was similar to visitation in a high - security prison .
Then , at Window 4 , I told the story again to the consul general , who stood behind the bulletproof glass wearing a telephone headset .
I was expecting to hear that `` the United States is doing its best to help , ''
but there was only silence as the consul 's eyes welled up .
-LRB- An Amman - based aid worker later told me that American diplomats are so distraught by the policies they are charged with representing that `` it just takes a few gin and tonics and they 'll break down . '' -RRB-
Finally , the consul said , `` We hear stories like this all the time .
We have enormous empathy for the Iraqis who 've suffered after working with the Americans ,
but there 's really nothing the embassy can do for them . ''
She handed me a document outlining Congress ' sole concession to people like Abather and Balqes : visas for up to 50 military translators from Iraq or Afghanistan each year .
`` But do n't get their hopes up , '' she added quickly ;
there were thousands with the same story .
`` This is something Congress really needs to address , '' she said as we parted .
The administration certainly does n't seem inclined to take the initiative .
Philip A. Frayne , an embassy spokesman in Amman , told me that `` there are no reliable figures '' on how many people have fled Iraq , and that in any case , it was Saddam who drove out `` a large percentage '' of them .
Likewise , in its 2006 annual refugee report to Congress , the State Department focused mainly on those Saddam - era exiles , and blithely intoned , `` It is hoped that significant numbers of Iraqi refugees will soon be able to return home , although the security situation will remain an important consideration . ''
The report ignored the fact that , according to a survey by the nonprofit U.S. Committee for Refugees , 644,500 new refugees entered Jordan and Syria in 2005 alone .
And 2006 will likely be worse .
As much as a quarter of greater Amman 's population is now Iraqi ,
and the crowds have exacerbated the city 's severe water shortage .
Prices have skyrocketed .
Until recently Iraqi children could n't attend Jordanian schools ,
and their parents can not legally work ;
easily identified by their dialect , Iraqis are discriminated against and terrified of deportation .
Some refugees never go outside .
Jordanian government spokesman Nasser S. Judeh told me that his country , a staunch U.S. ally and aid recipient , `` certainly needs help , and has held discussions with U.S. diplomats '' about this issue .
Incidentally , Human Rights Watch has also called upon the Gulf Arab states to pitch in ;
Saudi Arabia 's response so far has been to plan construction of a 560 - mile wall along its border with Iraq .
Before I left Jordan , Abather invited me to visit his family and a physician friend from Baghdad who shares their two - room basement apartment .
On the Al Zawraa TV channel from Baghdad , we watched U.S. Army vehicles disappear behind roadside bomb blasts as a man sang , `` Let 's go kill the Americans ! ''
The channel 's endless stream of anti-American propaganda perplexed Abather and his friends :
`` Why does the United States allow this ? '' they inquired .
When images of dead children supposedly killed by the Americans hit the screen , Abather 's friend switched to a channel on which voluptuous Arab women danced in an un-Islamic way .
Balqes served Iraqi coffee ,
and to keep the baby from playing with the colorful cups , Abather suspended her from an elastic swing above our heads .
She giggled as he bounced her by her tiny foot .
This is her prison , he joked .
Six months after the kidnapping , he still had n't gotten the surgery he needed to heal his burned flesh ;
if the wounds become infected , he could die .
Abather rarely complained .
God is testing us , he said .
But we will get through it .
He looked at the girl bouncing from the ceiling and smiled .
I have a daughter ,
and I 'm very happy .
Balqes was more fearful -- twice in the past month , suspicious men had shown up at the apartment .
Iraq , she worried , had already caught up with them .
How to Help
Very few organizations are working on getting aid to Iraqi refugees , and of those that are , many are too small or too beleaguered to accept individual donations ;
the Iraqi Red Crescent , for example , has suffered bombings and mass kidnappings , yet its volunteers continue to deliver aid to displaced families inside Iraq .
One of the larger relief organizations working with the refugees is the Catholic group Caritas , whose caseworkers I shadowed while in Amman .
Bucking the image of the Land Rover - driving aid worker , they made their rounds in an aging gray Honda , its roof eaten through by rust .
They visited Iraqi doctors , engineers , and executives desperate for food , heat , or blankets to fend off the desert winter ;
one family told the crew they had just sold their stove to buy food .
Caritas helps a few thousand families a year ,
but the demand far outstrips the money available to us , says Magy Mahrous , who oversees the project .
You can make a contribution at : International Catholic Migration Commission Citibank USA 153 East 53rd Street , 16th floor New York , NY 10043 Account # 10100491 , ABA # 21000089 , Swift Code CITIUS33
To ensure that the money reaches the Iraqi program , write Iraq - icmc on your check .
The Wall Street Journal editorial page this morning has praised `` a gang of conservative GOP members in the general assembly '' for foiling Gov. Timothy M. Kaine 's taxes - for - transportation plan .
`` This was a victory against long odds , because the renegade house members were lined up against the Governor , powerful Republicans in the state senate , elements of the business community and the state 's largely pro-tax media . ''
The Journal cited the state 's revenue surplus as a major reason why voters never warmed to the tax - hike idea , and noted that it did n't help that Kaine was trying to raise gasoline taxes amidst soaring retail prices at the pump .
I wonder how the Journal would interpret news from the Washington Post today that Del. David B. Albo , R - Springfield and a number of other GOP delegates would like to raise an estimated $ 400 million a year from Northern Virginia to spend on local road and rail projects .
`` Roads cost money , '' the Post quotes Albo as saying .
`` I 'd love to find a way to pay for the things we need by not raising taxes and using existing revenue ,
but I 'm a realist . ''
While most GOP delegates were willing to hang together to oppose a statewide tax increase , there seems to be little appreciation of the root causes of transportation dysfunction in Virginia .
Oh , sure , you 've got yer Bill Howell talking about tolls and privatization ,
and you 've got yer Tim Hugo backing telework ,
and the House did pass some marginally useful legislation dealing with VDOT and land use ,
but deep down inside , in their heart of hearts , most delegates share the assumption of their counterparts in the state Senate that the cause of traffic congestion is insufficient transportation capacity .
The disagreement is over how much money the state can afford to raise to pay for improvements .
Personally , I think it 's a bit too early for anyone to proclaim a `` victory . ''
Yes , the House has temporarily beat back proposals for some $ 1 billion in tax increases .
But simply starving the current , broken transportation system of funds is n't going to solve anything .
The House , along with everyone else , needs to get on with the business of re-thinking transportation fundamentals .
Otherwise , they 'll end up like Dave Albo , promoting tax increases through the back door .
The business of re-thinking transportation fundamentals then testing , validating , and implementing the results of all that thinking is going to take longer and cost more than what they have saved by starving the current system of funds .
It is going to take much more than a billion dollars in tax increases to achieve any alternative plan , and then the alternative may turn out to be like the inter-county connector :
that is , the same old plan only 50 years later .
In the meantime , we still suffer under the costs of the congestion tax , for which we get nothing in return ,
and the costs of any action , whether alternative or traditional continues to go up .
In the end we are going to be coming around to the back door like beggars ,
but the alms will be around $ 4 billion instead of one .
Yeah , I 'd say it was too early to claim victory .
Jim : Thank you for recognizing the problem .
`` But simply starving the current , broken transportation system of funds is n't going to solve anything .
The House , along with everyone else , needs to get on with the business of re-thinking transportation fundamentals . ''
Your `` but deep down inside , in their heart of hearts , most delegates share the assumption of their counterparts in the state Senate that the cause of traffic congestion is insufficient transportation capacity . '' is challenged by the Post report on the view of the leaders in the Senate
They say the state 's less populated regions are also in desperate need of better roads to draw jobs and reverse economic decline .
Until our leaders recognize that the role of transportation is limited to being economic enabler , and not an economic driver we will be locked in to the current funding stalemate .
Spending taxpayer dollars on transportation to `` draw jobs and reverse economic decline '' is like pushing on a rope .
Reducing the costs of the congestion tax is the only way to advance the Virginia 's economy .
And yet 90 % of the state 's roads are uncongested 90 % of the time
and 45 % of all travel happens on and during the other 10 % .
How hard is this to figure out , really ?
Traffic congestion is less during recessions , and some cities would willingly trade high unemployment rates for congestion .
Traffic congestion becomes self - correcting when businesses choose to leave an area because it is too crowded and plagued by delays .
Politicians want the growth that brings congestion , yet they also want to control or reduce that congestion .
They refuse to implement effective strategies to relieve congestion because the stringent solutions required might , like congestion itself , redirect growth to other areas .
This is not a new problem .
Rome restricted deliveries to night time because the carts made the streets dangerous , but night deliveries interrupted sleep .
London had parking restrictions in the 1600's .
Affordable public transportation was developed to ease the overcrowding and polllution that prevailed before .
Zoning was developed in New York to encourage people to move out of the city center , subsidized by flat fares on the trolleys .
Later , trolley tracks became jammed with trolleys and the system became overcrowded .
When roads began to take over from railroads , the problem soon became obvious :
`` None of us should delude ourselves , however , that the road problem of Virginia ... will be solved at least for many years .
Those who use the roads will demand wider , smoother and safer roads due to their increasing use and the consequent congestion on the highways . '' -
Governor Harry Byrd , 1930 State of the Commonwealth
Whether you call Smart Growth , Transit oriented design , New Urbanism , pedestrian Oriented Communities or what have you , the end result of higher densities will be more congestion in more localized places .
We might be able to alleviate some of that by creating a transit system that is 20 times as dense as we have ,
but I doubt we have the economic stomach for that , either , particularly since that style of living is likely to attract only 15 % of the population .
Planners and environmentalists are disingenuous when they urge us to fight congestion through smart growth .
Politicians at heart , they really want more congested environments -LRB- for everyone else -RRB- but presumably want that congestion to be somehow managed and accommodated .
If it is not accommodated , people will start to move to the suburbs specifically to avoid congestion .
As George will put it , `` The purpose of ' smart ' ' coordinated ' growth is to prevent the masses , in their freedom , from producing democracy 's byproducts -- untidiness and even vulgarity .
And the bland notion of ' planning ' often is the rubric under which government operates when making its preferences and prophecies -- often meaning its arrogance and its mistakes -- mandatory . ''
So , it 's not all that hard to push a rope - you just need to freeze it first .
but anyone that thinks any of this is going to be solved , by whatever means , without lots and lots of money needs to go Back to square one .
Jim , I ask , what is victory ?
For the Dems , either no transportation deal or a comprehensive one is victory , the former because it imporves the electoral landscape in '07 .
For the GOP , something akin to what they were proposing may seem to be a victory to them , but more likely a victory for the Dems because voters wo n't see any benefit by '07 .
But Jim , is it a victory solely if taxes are n't raised ?
Bob , No , I would n't define victory as simply not raising taxes -- although I definitely would like to defer raising taxes as long as prudently possible .
To me , victory would be winning the acknowledgement of a critical mass of the General Assembly that the solution to traffic congestion is not just raising taxes / adding capacity .
A rational approach to transportation would entail -LRB- 1 -RRB- creating communities with a mix of housing / office / retail / amenities to reduce the number and length of automobile trips , -LRB- 2 -RRB- reforming counterproductive zoning codes , subdivision ordinances and comprehensive plans in order to create more transit - friendly and pedestrian - friendly communities , -LRB- 3 -RRB- creating funding sources for transportation that establishes a rational nexus between those who use / benefit from transportation facilities and those who pay for them , -LRB- 4 -RRB- promoting telework , -LRB- 5 -RRB- liberating mass transit from government monopolies and encouraging private sector innovation , -LRB- 6 -RRB- using a wide range of tools , from corridor management to intelligent transportation systems , to increase the capacity of existing thoroughfares , -LRB- 7 -RRB- stretching the value of road construction / maintenance dollars through outsourcing , and -LRB- 8 -RRB- prioritizing transportation projects on a congestion - mitigation Return on Investment basis .
Virginia has started tinkering with a number of these , but has not systematically explored any of them .
Until the General Assembly gets serious about fundamental change , we can not declare victory -- no matter how high / low taxes and raised / cut .
Bob - with all due respect , you 're blowing smoke .
Most people in NoVA want an adequate public facilities ordinance and do n't believe that anything related to transportation is anything more than another way to foster more development .
THey believed that in 2002 and still do today .
People voted for Tim Kaine because many of us truly believed his statement that `` enough was enough . ''
Many of us saw his very modest proposal to postpone development where the roads could not handle today 's traffic as a small step towards APF .
-LRB- Kaine made his `` promise '' with full knowledge of the power of the builders in Virginia . -RRB-
Yet , once confronted with the expected opposition , Kaine did a 180 and joined the other side --
`` pay more , so we can develop more . ''
There are quite a few good Democrats , Independents and Republicans who now believe that Tim Kaine has joined the dark side .
No one believes that anything before the General Assembly will fix the transportation mess we have .
No one trusts any Virginia elected official on land use issues , especially given Kaine 's switch and Gerry Connolly 's wholesale giveaways to the developers .
-LRB- How about $ 43 million plus in Fairfax County taxpayer subsidies to land development and zoning services since `` Condo Connolly '' took over the BoS chair ? -RRB-
This is not to argue that the GOP is sitting any better .
People in NoVA want an end to policies that support growth without regard to the impacts on current residents .
If I wanted to run for office in 07 , I 'd go door - to - door and say `` I 'm running because Tim Kaine lied to us about development
and I 'll fight for an adequate public facilities ordinance as my number one priority .
I 'll oppose any transfer of more money from NoVA taxpayers until we get APF . ''
I 'll bet you I 'd get more votes from Democrats , Independents and Republicans than a candidate who says we need to continue the status quo , but with more funding for VDOT .
-LRB- 1 -RRB- and -LRB- 2 -RRB- are part and parcel of the same thing .
It might reduce the number and length of some car trips ,
but it will result in more localized congestion , and maybe even more congestion overall .
Reducing the number of trips is NOT ordinarily a rational approach to transportation , although it could be in some limited cases .
-LRB- 3 -RRB- I have no problem with , except that even non-users benefit from roads , so it ca n't be totally user driven .
-LRB- 4 -RRB- I agree with and support , however we may have already sucked much of the juice out of that orange
and it conflicts with -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
If you accomplish -LRB- 5 -RRB- You will effectively eliminate much of mass transit , unless you have privately operated but subsidized mass transit .
This is a recipe for pork , payola , and patronage .
-LRB- 6 -RRB- Increasing the capacity of existing thoroughfares is a waste since 90 % of our roads are underused 90 % of the time .
It is also an admission that -LRB- 1 -RRB- is insufficient .
-LRB- 7 -RRB- and -LRB- 8 -RRB- I have no problem with .
But I really have a problem with -LRB- 2 -RRB- .
It is OK so far as it goes ,
but the likely market for the market created by such zoning might only be 15 % of the population .
What it leaves out is what happens to everybody else , who happens not to be in an area designated for transit friendly development .
Are you also willing to also reform counterproductive zoning codes that requires people to stay in the business of farming , for example ?
If more density is good for some areas , why not all ?
I know your answer will be that those people should be allowed to live where they please as long as they pay their full locational costs .
But we can already see that those costs are subject to maipulation :
people whose costs include supporting the Dulles Toll road are also supporting the transit that will make it possible for future residents to live in transit friendly neighborhoods .
Whatever happened to THEM paying their full locational costs ?
Transit is going to require massive and widespread subsidies to even partially work .
Here , again , some allowance needs to be made for the idea that transit provides some limited benefit to non-users .
So , those people who are left out will be expected to pay for the transit that helps make those included in development areas possible .
At the same time they will likely be excluded from increasing density even when it is to their benefit -LRB- they may live next to those 90 % of roads that are underutilized -RRB- .
This will be done partially in order to artificially create the demand required to fill the designated areas , and the cover story will be that it is for the environment , to save prime farmland , etc.
This amounts to disingenuously making certain preferences and prophesies mandatory ,
and I do n't think it will fly .
When Virginia does systematically explore these ideas they may very well come to the conclusion that Fundamental Change is a really lousy idea , and that , bad as it is , business as usual is the best option after all .
The main reson they are likely to reach that conclusion is that the costs for all this theoretical thinking and experimental development is going to be far higher than the money we `` saved '' on transportation by not providing it .
I see what TMT says as the other side of the same coin I described above .
If we get APF's they will be disproportionately used against those who are `` left out '' of development plans , and consequently used to ram still more development down TMT 's throat .
After all , they will say , that is where the most facilities are ;
even if they are inadequate , they are more adequate than places that have none .
Will Rogers once joked that if you wanted to cure traffic congestion , just make people pay cash for their cars up front .
The APF idea is the same kind of joke .
None of the development we have was built when the facilities were adequate , and much of it was built specifically to get away from places that had inadequate facilities and were over built .
We are not going to pay for APF's up front , so it is a recipe for creating either no development or only hoplessly expensive development
-LRB- See Morgan 's Riflemen -RRB- .
APF's are a good idea only if you are willing to provide a dedicated and adequate funding stream for them , same as for Metro .
And that means you need a lot more money .
And it is no good to claim that it has to be done without impacting current residents .
It is still going to come out of your pocket in the end .
Just as roads benefit those who do n't drive and transit benefits those that do n't ride , development benefits those that do n't build .
This last creates a real problem and hardship because existing residents have no way to capitalize on their fortune unless they move .
But if the APF's are disproportionately applied , then there wo n't be any place to move to .
In that case the benefits and disbenefits of APF's cancel each other out ,
and there is no reason to implement what is a lousy idea to begin with .
I do n't have online access to the WSJ , but did it really refer to the `` general assembling '' and did it also fault Kaine for `` trying to raise gasoline taxes ? ''
If so , does the WSJ have a fact checker on staff ?
Once we 're done with this doomed debate , we can move on to contemplate the doubled energy prices we can all expect when we get to enjoy the full benefits of a deregulated electricity market in a couple years .
Hmmm --
double the cost of juice and hopelessly clogged roads .
Will the last ones out `` free market '' Virginia please turn out the lights on your way to North Carolina ?
Not Grover , Thanks for catching my typo .
I have corrected it .
And that 's a good point about Kaine 's `` gasoline tax . ''
There has been so much back and forth that I ca n't remember every permutation of every tax plan .
But was not the point of both the Kaine and the Senate tax plans to NOT tax gasoline at the pump -- indeed to tax anything but gasoline at the pump ?
In that case , the WSJ got its information very wrong .
Yesterday as I was cruising along at below traffic speed but still 65 in 55 a tow truck passed me like I was sitting still .
He was running at least 75 and maybe more .
He was towing a school bus .
That kind of behavior makes you think there might be some value in Albo 's plan to increase fines for really bad drivers , especially since almost a third of traffic cogestion is caused by incidents .
I have long held that fines for professional drivers should be tripled -
these guys should know better .
Jim , I agree with most of your proposals , or at least the goals you hope to achieve with them .
But I am suspicious of the outsourcing and private partnerships .
I 'd rather reform public entities because private entities require a level of cost public ones should n't -- profit .
I agree with Ray that even non-users of transportation facilities benefit from them , but I do favor higher gas taxes and other directly related user fees .
And with congestion the way it is , building roads to nowhere in the hopes of fostering economic development may not be feasible .
Ray , I 'm surprised you think we ca n't do more teleworking .
Seems we have many opportunities to expand it .
But overall , demanding such reforms before expanding capacity simply wo n't work in the real world .
First , we 'll need to reform American capitalism itself , eliminating the public supported breaks we give to business , whether they be home developers , road builders , or farmers , as well as homeowners , i.e. , interest rate deductions .
Bottom line is we need more capacity and land use reform .
My interest is the politics of it .
Which brings me back to the same question , asked in that context :
How do you judge when the reforms you want are sufficient to invest more in increasing capacity ?
Jim , you may have a clear vision in your head about what that threshold is ,
but I sense from the SmartGrowth folks and anti-taxers who make many of the same arguements you do that any amount of reform will never be enough .
I think EMR convinced me that those that really can telework already do so .
There are a lot of people for whom it does not apply , retail , mechanics , etc.
There is more we can do on telework ,
but Ed suggests the well is not as deep as we would like to believe .
Then again , it runs counter or provides impetus that is counter to his other ideas .
I was formerly more optimistic ,
but in this case I found his argument persuasive .
I 'm open to more hard data , and I believe the biggest hindrance is organizational , not technical .
I favor higher gas taxes and user fees , too , but not exclusively because we all have a stake in roads .
I would make the same argument for transit :
it is OK for the general public or auto drivers -LRB- which is much the same thing -RRB- to provide some support for transit because there is some -LRB- small -RRB- benefit to everyone for those that are able and willing to use Metro etc.
On the other hand , once we understand how small that benefit really is we might decide it 's just not worth it ,
and we should let the thing be privatized where it works and disappear where it does n't .
I 'm with you .
We can not take hard lines on every issue and make progress in any direction .
Unfortunately , for some , strategic stalemate is just as good as any other means of conservation , never mind whatever other harm it does .
posted by <$BlogBacklinkAuthor$> @ <$BlogBacklinkDateTime$>
Braawwk !
Braawwkkk !
It did n't take long .
Route 288 , the circumferential highway running around the south - western quadrant of the Richmond New Urban Region , opened in late 2004 .
Already it is changing development patterns for the worse and causing localized traffic congestion around its exits .
The Richmond Times - Dispatch tells the tale today about the impact on the Huguenot Trail in Powhatan County .
Traffic has more than doubled in one section of Huguenot Trail since 288 opened , reports Will Jones .
Speeding and accidents have surged as well :
17 accidents have been reported near the intersection of Winterfield Road so far this year , up from 12 for all of 2004 .
Dale Totten , resident engineer for the Virginia Department of Transportation , noted that VDOT would four - lane the road for about $ 13 million if it had more money .
Of course , VDOT has no more money for road construction in the Richmond region .
One reason is that VDOT , at the behest of local politicians and boosters , spent all its friggin' money on 288 !
Where 's Homer Simpson when you need him ?
This is a major `` D'oh! '' moment .
As we predicted , Route 288 is generating residential development in scarcely populated areas all around its exits , overtaxing the local country roads .
While the limited access highway might provide limited traffic relief for people driving back and forth between Chesterfield and Goochland counties , other people are making choices about where they live and work ,
and they are creating traffic congestion in new places .
The only thing that surprises me is how rapidly this is happening .
Even I thought there might be a lag of three or four years .
If Route 288 has already created a $ 13 million road - construction in just this one exist , think of the liability it has created for all of its exits !
Here 's another prodiction :
After a few more years of scattered subdivision development and approval of mega-commercial projects at major 288 intersections , the need for new road improvements will soar .
Before the end of the decade , we may well see the unfunded liability zoom well past the original $ 400 million it took to build the original highway .
To the brainiacs who thought Route 288 was such a great idea :
Thanks for nothing .
I think we could have spent the $ 400 million better elsewhere .
I do n't think you can blame 288 for creating those people .
If there enough of them to create new traffic congestion in new places , then what is the alternative ?
Additional traffic congestion in old places ?
Now you understand how people like TMT in Fairfax feel .
I 'd usually take the pro-road position -
but with the glaring needs in other parts of the state , 288 was definitely excess ...
You have a city , Richmond , that has virtually no traffic .
The rush hour is 30 minutes long ...
And you give them a beltway through a largely rural area .
A road to no where ...
Just think if this money had been spent on another potomac crossing or road improvements that are desperately needed in NOVA ?
Virginia Centrist , To add insult to injury , the rest of the state helped pay for 288 in last year 's budget deal -- wiped the slate clean of debt .
It was very nice of y'all to oblige us .
Did n't make much sense , though .
It 's the same old problem .
If you get out ahead of the need you are accused of causing sprawl .
If you build where the need is already acute , then the claim is you ca n't pave your way out of congestion .
Anonymous -
That 's a fair point .
5:26 makes a good point .
However , this situation hammers home the validity of the state auditor 's report finding that the CTB and VDOT fail to fund transportation projects based on a comprehensive state transportation plan , but rather , based on whoever does the best job of lobbying .
I submit that this is a disgraceful situation that should not be tolerated .
Moreover , Senator Chichester and his toadies would make this worse by pouring more money into this flawed institution .
What is the purpose of transportation - related expenditures ?
In Virginia , it 's to benefit private business plans and not to serve the public interest .
You all are dead wrong .
No less than Walter Stoch stated that 288 money was intended to be paid from economic development money .
Come on folks !!
TMT : I do n't understand your point .
when was the last time you were stuck in traffic that you were n't on your way to or from some sort of business ?
It seems to me that the whole point of roads is to facilitate the public interest in getting to and from private businesses .
Then , of course there is the sunday drive , the trip to grandma 's , and the soccer games , but still , the overwhelming need is to support business .
Since our road expenditures nowhere near match the increase in business or state domestic product , it is no wonder we suffer congestion problems .
If we recognize that roads primaarily benefit businesses then we should do two things :
let business pay for more of our transportation bill , -LRB- which they will pass to us , of course -RRB- and incentivize them to locate where they put the least stress on the system , even if that means more overall travel .
Why is it so hard to understand ?
The solution is functional human settlement patterns and a balance between transport system capacity and land use generated travel deman .
All else is spin .
EMR
TMT said `` In Virginia , it 's to benefit private business plans and not to serve the public interest . ''
I do n't see the point of this statement because it appears to demonize private business plans and put the public interest above all else .
I think they are so tightly intertwined that they are virtually one and the same .
Obviously there are local problems because this cookie dough is lumpy ,
but in the aggregate if we demonize business long enough we will eventually find out we all work for the Devil .
I do n't see there is any point in claiming as `` a solution '' a balance that is dynamic and ever changing in nature .
Even you see rail to Dulles as a positive because Dulles is a job center that promotes bi-directional demand on the rail .
I agree .
In fact that may be sufficient reason to build it , all by itself .
All I 'm saying is that the exact same logic should apply to roads :
they should have destinations at both ends in order that we get maximum use out of our investment :
we need more places in order to get closer to the balance you say we need .
Reality check here -
I drive past Watkins Landing every morning and evening .
I commute back and forth to work on the Huguenot Trail .
I 've never seen anything remotely resembling a `` flood '' of traffic .
It 's a 55 mph zone - 75 to 100 cars in `` a morning '' - over how much time ?
The Huguenot Trail road widening was already planned , due to the heavy demands of development on the Chesterfield side , the new schools , and a whole bunch of existing developments that were zoned years ago and at that time funneled through Robious Road .
288 , for those of us that actually use it , is wonderful - instead of Powhatan and Western Chesterfield being bottlenecked by lack of roads ,
we can actually get some commercial development and have the ability to work closer to where we live .
You may think that 's not rational land use .
I have no desire to live in any city ,
I will not work in a downtown area ,
I will not use mass transit , which is not safe for female commuters that work long and irregular hours ,
and I happen to LIKE large lot development .
How exactly I 'm supposed to keep horses on a 1/4 acre lot is beyond me .
Gas could go to $ 10 a gallon
and I 'd still pay to live in the country .
Many people have legitimate preferences - horses , hunting , gardening , certain types of small business - that makes them NOT want to live in an urban core .
This infatuation with city living truly baffles me .
Anonymous 6:37 , You have every right to live in the country if that 's where you wish to live .
But you do n't have a right to have the rest of the state to underwrite construction of a $ 400 million highway to make it easier to shop and get to work .
What 's consistently overlooked in the debate ovre 288 is what else that $ 400 million could have been spent on .
How much traffic congestion could have been alleviated had the money been applied to other pressing road projects or , god forbid , even non-road projects .
Ray Hyde - My comments were directed at investors who lobby to place roads near where they own property and the incompetent system that funds these requests without regard to their link or lack thereof to a master transportation plan .
Check the following . http://www.nosprawltax.org/media/releases/2002Robbery.html and the associated map .
I think that it would be difficult to demonstrate that funding the desired projects illustrated on the map would be the best use of transportation revenues .
Even those of us who are isolated from the NoVA local economy understand the need to have transportation facilities so people can go to and from work .
But that would seem to argue for improving congestion hot spots and not enabling more development .
Note that I discuss transportation facilities and not roads .
We need to judge rail by the same engineering and economic standards as pavement .
OK that is a little different from the way I first read it .
But I still think lobbying is OK , both for the developers and for NoSprawlTax.org .
If it is wrong to look out for our own interests , then we should ALL shut up and let our officials do the job they were hired to do .
If there is blame to be placed for bad expenditures , let it fall on the officials .
NoSprawlTax.org and Jim Bacon are looking out for what they perceive to be their own financial interests , just as the developers are , so arguements based on inflammatory statements about others -LRB- `` speculators '' `` short term profits '' `` windfalls '' , and that sort of thing -RRB- fall on deaf ears to me .
Claiming that those financial interests are for the betterment of all does n't improve the argument in the least :
it is the same argument diluted .
With respect to the website you posted , I 'm not impressed .
The site shows a map of land plots that have been assembled by `` developers '' .
It purportedly shows how they would benefit by new roads , most of which already exist , as far as I can tell .
But ask yourself ,
how were those parcels assembled ?
They were purchased from landowners and citizens who were ready and willing to sell at the offered price .
If the smart growth coalition wants to keep `` cars few and open fields aplenty '' they can raise the money and put themselves in the same position the former and present landowners are in .
We have a perfectly legal system for doing just that , and by the way , it is heavily subsidized .
NoSrawlTax urges taxpayers to reject these new roads .
In doing so they are making enemies out of people like Anonymous 6:37 , and several others who have posted here .
In doing so they are also proposing that the costs of keeping those open fields aplenty be absorbed by someone else .
In other words , they want their wishes subsidized by someone else .
That someone else is a taxpayer , and maybe a developer .
They are in exactly the same boat as everyone else :
their assessments and their taxes are going up .
Why are they going up ?
because all of the rest of us are not paying our share ,
and because of demand that is not in anyone 's control .
Now , the assessments are based on what the land can be sold for on an unbiased exchange .
How can we assess property on that value and then prohibit the sale ?
What NoSprawlTax.org is suggesting is that we bias the exchange .
If we do that , then we destroy the basis for making the assessment .
Say the land was taxed only as its value for growing crops .
That value is actually negative , in this area .
At best , if NoSprawlTax had their way the tax collected on those properties would fall and everyone else 's would go up .
But to be fair , if we are going to eliminate all opportunity for those people other than the negative opportunity of growing crops -LRB- supposedly for our own tax benefit -RRB- then they need to be compensated ,
and our taxes will go up even more .
Conservation is expensive ,
and what NoSprawlTax.org wants is no different from what they claim the developers want :
something at someone else 's expense .
There are hundreds of parcels indicated on the map ,
and they will one day be owned by thousands of taxpayers .
When built , the roads will be there for all to use , so how can we claim that the roads are being subsidized by taxpayers for the benefit of business interests ?
They are going to take their profits and move on ,
but the taxpayers will still be there , and still be paying or the roads they need .
You and I may or may not use the roads to go visit for a weekend poker game , or make a service call ,
but we can n't claim that the roads do n't benefit us :
we all participate in the economy .
Building is something like 20 % of the economy .
To be sure , they are not paying enough .
None of us are , and to the extent we are not , all of us re being subsidized .
And where does the money for that subsidy come from ?
From the businesses we demonize and work for .
Until we have a tax structure where each of us pays our share , we ca n't very well complain about the newcomers or subsidies for someone else .
Schwartz 's claim that the new roads will do nothing for 99 % of the drivers in the region is a classic bad argument .
Under that criteria , nothing will ever be built anywhere .
That is pretty much the situation we have backed ourselves into :
build ahead of time and you are promoting sprawl and someone else 's profits , build late and you are not solving the problem .
What Anonymous 6:37 has n't figured out yet , is that special interests are actively working to make impossible what she has :
they would prefer that there be nothing there other than undisturbed and unmaintained land .
And she is making the same argument I have prevously made :
some commercial development makes it possible for people to work near where they live .
Sprawl , if you choose to call it that , makes it possible for more people to own and maintain , and pay the taxes on , what remains of our rural landscape .
To the extent that occurs , people like her wo n't need to travel much farther to work and clog roads that are already overdeveloped .
So , let 's get off the schtick of blaming everybody else :
it is not productive .
Our officials are stuck with the unenviable position of balancing opposing interests .
Nobody likes sprawl
and everyone supports conservation ,
but it is going to be expensive to achieve goals we all say we want .
Our officials are stuck with making their decision in the absence of any measurable criteria ,
and the special interests on both sides are so entrenched in their positions that someone will always be unhappy .
I frankly do n't think we know anywhere near enough to decide what the best use of transportation revenues is .
Even EMR says we know next to nothing about how we settle and live .
We should be working to give our oficials tools they can use to dispassionately make decisons that are best for all .
But using bad arguments against others that could equally well apply to ourselves does nothing to help the situation .
We should spend the energy and money studying what works and what does n't and understanding why and how to measure .
We can look at what works and what does n't and measure the characteristics of those places .
We should duplicate the ones that work and not duplicate the ones that do n't .
And we should expect to pay .
One thing we can be sure of , is that prosperity is a requirement of whatever works .
NoSprawlTax.org takes Til Hazel to task for his developments .
What they do n't point out is that Georgetown sits on the site of a former Hazel family farm .
They do n't point out that Hazel owns substantial property that is under conservation easement .
That is something you can not afford to do without prosperity behind you .
While NoSprawlTax rails against Hazel 's developments on the basis they are not wanted and they are bad for taxpayers , the fact reamins that they are all sold to taxpayers .
When you look at the Ballston Corridor , those high rises were essentially subdivided from property formerly owned as single family homes .
Those homes were sold because the owners could no longer hold on to them at the prices being offered and taxed at .
The situation is no different fo people that previously owned the parcels on the NoSrawlTax.org map .
I have no doubt the same thing will happen to me eventually .
The same thing may be happening to TMT .
When the time comes , both of us will sell to the highest bidder ,
and I do n't expect NoSprawlTax.org to be on the bidders ' list .
More likely , someone like Anonymous 6:37 will be .
Right after she buys , she will probably join NoSprawlTax.org .
There might be some other alternative ,
but whatever it is is going to cost money .
I sure hope it does n't come out of my pocket .
Ray - I 'm not endorsing anyone 's agenda by my reference to the web page
and I surely do n't begrudge anyone the ability to lobby for what they want .
I do , however , think that elected officials need to be willing to say `` no '' when they do n't think something makes good sense .
One of the most refreshing experiences is to have an elected official honestly tell you that he / she simply can not support your request because It 's too expensive or because he / she simply does not support the request .
What I and , hopefully , quite a few other Virginians want to see is our elected officials walk their talk .
This problem flows from the top on down .
Right , wrong or indifferent , Tim Kaine won office because he said `` we can not permit more development where the roads can not handle the traffic ''
and `` we can not pave our way out of this mess . ''
Yet , once in office , he jumps to the other side .
Reasonable people can argue that Kaine 's position that would limit the ability to develop one 's land was stupid or plain wrong .
But we should all agree that his running away from the very position that put him in office is disgraceful .
My engineer friends tell me that one can prioritize transportation projects based on what expenditures would produce the most improvement in traffic flow , etc.
Yet , that 's not how Virginia funds transportation infrastructure .
We do it based on lobbying the CTB .
What the NST map does show is that the goal of the sales tax referendum was mainly to build or expand roads near landholdings .
That is not improving transportation , but a group of investors seeking a subsidy .
-LRB- I have a good friend who attended a meeting in Richmond where a famous developer stood up and told the crowd that he built things and its was the taxpayers ' job to pay for the infrastructure to support whatever he built .
That 's the Virginia way . -RRB-
These landowners could offer to build or expand the roads near their properties .
Look at the roads that Disney and others built in Florida .
I do n't fault the landowners for trying .
I do fault those elected officials who fail to say `` no '' to projects that would not fix traffic problems .
My criticism is not just for roads , but also for extending Metro to Dulles at a huge cost that will not improve
The table shows several roads with LOS F that , after spending billions on Metro , are still LOS F .
Fixing traffic problems ?
Hardly .
Likewise , if we are in a transportation mess , why are n't our elected officials -- especially the Senate -- addressing VDOT 's total lack of internal cost controls ?
Walk the talk .
OK .
Now we agree .
Lobbying groups should be free to lobby .
But they had better bring an argument that is supportable as in `` prioritize transportation projects based on what expenditures would produce the most improvement in traffic flow '' and not as in `` its was the taxpayers ' job to pay for the infrastructure to support whatever he built '' , and not as in `` new roads will do nothing for 99 % of the drivers '' .
And officials should be free to say no when it does n't make any sense .
That goes for lobbyists on both sides of the fence .
Now , if we can just find some agreement on what does make sense ....
I agree that Metro to Dulles wo n't do a thing for traffic congestion ,
but I 'm not so sure it does n't make some sense by some other measure .
But clearly , using tolls to pay for Metro -LRB- instead of road improvements -RRB- while simultaneously claiming that cars and roads do n't pay their way is both nutso and egregiously unfair .
Those that benefit should pay , but at the same time , we ca n't make egregious statements about who benefits , or who does n't .
At some level , everybody benefits , but the benefits probably decrease rapidly with distance .
Whatever formula we come up with is going to be complex ,
but we ought to be able to come up with something that is a -RRB- measurable and b -RRB- makes enough sense so that all but the nut cases can see the sense in it .
posted by <$BlogBacklinkAuthor$> @ <$BlogBacklinkDateTime$>
Last tango in Paris
Paris was once the sex capital of the world .
But a crackdown on prostitution and the rise of porn megastores are destroying a unique , secret heritage .
Andrew Hussey reports
Every day of the week , from mid-morning until the early hours , the Club 88 on rue Saint - Denis in central Paris does a brisk trade .
From the outside at least , there is little to distinguish it from the dozen or so rival sex shops which line the streets in this part of Paris , in between the stalls flogging cheap hip - hop gear and drugs paraphernalia .
This part of the city has always had a seedy reputation .
Since the Middle Ages , it has been known as the haunt of hustlers , thieves and whores -
the street signs around here give the game away -LRB- la rue de la Grande Truanderie - `` the street of great criminality '' , named in the 15th century , is still home to evil - looking dope dealers -RRB- .
The upper end of rue Saint - Denis is lined day and night with prostitutes of all prices and races .
The lower end is less lively but nonetheless grim .
As recently as the 1970s , when the vast outdoor market of Les Halles was finally pulled down , it still enjoyed a reputation for gamey , sinful pleasures .
Now that Les Halles has been replaced by a shopping mall , this part of the city is avoided by most native Parisians and abandoned to tourists and banlieusards - the kids from the wretched council estates surrounding Paris who come here by a fast , direct train to get wrecked and cause low - level trouble .
The bleak surroundings make it all the more remarkable that Club 88 and its rival sex megastores have become the latest battlefield in Parisian culture wars .
On the one side are young intellectuals of -LRB- usually -RRB- the radical left who embrace porn , even in its wildest forms , as part of their libertarian philosophy .
This explains , for example , how Philippe Azoury for the ultra-hip magazine Les Inrockuptibles , evoking the writer and erotomaniac Georges Bataille as his guide , can - without any shred of irony - describe Club 88 as `` probably the best club in the world '' on the grounds that it offers both pleasure and excitement open to all .
A quick tour around Club 88 reveals the truth of this statement .
Although the exterior is discreet and vaguely stylish , inside , beyond the rows of standard specialist material -LRB- bestiality to coprophilia -RRB- , there is a labyrinth of cubicles , private rooms and viewing areas .
The central area is patrolled by girls , most of whom seem not to be French , but who cheerfully offer , in a variety of languages , a sex massage .
A Tannoy reminds the idling would - be customer that `` l' amour sur scene '' takes place at regular intervals if enough tickets are sold .
On the upper floors , which are dimly - lit and apparently designed to be as disorientating as possible , it is possible to see over 400 different porn films an hour on the multi-screen channels .
There are dungeons and ante-chambers to God knows what .
Business reaches a peak at lunch - times and in the early evening -
this is when you notice most of all the sociability and the buzz of the crowds -LRB- mostly male it has to be said but with a surprising number of couples , chatty lesbians and lone females -RRB- .
The sex megastore is now a staple feature in the famous red - light districts of Paris -LRB- other big names here include Scarlet and Sexodrome in Pigalle -RRB- .
However , despite the DVD viewing cabins , the lifts and escalators , the mumsy female staff and the credit - card friendly ambience which make them feel like a particularly kinky branch of Waterstones , they are not universally popular .
The problem here , the argument runs , is that there is nothing specifically `` Parisian '' about this environment .
More to the point , the rise of the sex megastore has gone hand - in - hand with Nicolas Sarkozy 's loudly stated mission to clean up the city .
This began in the summer of 2002 when Sarkozy , then Minister of the Interior , introduced harsh fines on streetwalkers around rue Saint - Denis .
Those he hit hardest were the independent working women , almost all of whom were native Parisian - working class women , known as les traditionelles -LRB- the traditional ones -RRB- .
These girls were also known as parigotes -LRB- a parigot is the rough Parisian equivalent of a cockney -RRB- and prized for their gouaille , a form of sarcastic wit .
The traditionelles of rue Saint - Denis found themselves driven out of the city centre by the harsh laws on street - walking .
Many were reduced to working out of vans parked at Porte Dauphine or Vincennes , hoping to pick up trade from passing motorists .
The newspaper Le Parisien reported angrily on the way on which these native Parisians were being driven out to be replaced by girls from sub-Saharan Africa run by gangs from Kosovo and Romania .
Le Parisien did its best to explain that its complaints were not driven by racism but that traditionelles were as Parisian as steak - frites , cheap red wine and Gauloises cigarettes , and , when they left , the city had lost a vital component of its underground culture .
The likes of `` Sandrine '' , who had worked rue Saint - Denis for nearly 20 years complained in the press that , not only was she being driven to penury , but that the city was losing part of its essential character .
She clearly hit a nerve ; the likes of Club 88 , it was argued by those who took up the traditionnelles ' defence , could be anywhere in Europe , from Barcelona to Hamburg .
At stake , it was further argued as the old generation of whores began to leave the city in droves , was the very soul of Paris itself .
It is easy to see this as a typically Gallic overstatement .
It is a fact , however , that the history of prostitution in Paris is , for many , inextricably linked to the political fortunes of the city .
This tradition can be traced to 18th - century Enlightenment ideology and the rise of a new class of thinkers , the libertins , who were avowedly atheist and sceptical about all other entrenched beliefs such as the power of monarchy .
During this period , the city swarmed with whores and to call for their suppression was to be in favour of Church and King and other superstitions .
The growth of widespread prostitution in Paris was paralleled by the rise of the new literary genre of pornography .
Much early pornography was entirely functional , providing a guide to well - known brothels , such as Le Gros Millan on rue du Beaujolais or Le Grand Balcon on rue de la Croix des Petits - Champs .
The genre soon became an entertainment in its own right and a great deal of police energy was wasted on pursuing printers , publishers and readers of work that was deemed to be anti-Christian and anti-social but which most Parisians found as life - enhancing as any of their other pleasures .
Popular titles such as The Nun in her Nightdress and John , The Fucker Debauched , were both bestsellers and intellectually respectable in the 18th - century city .
During the Revolution of 1789 , the Palais - Royal , the great colonnaded space then at the heart of the city , played host to nightly sex shows .
One of the special amusements in the brothels on the upper floors was the availability of sosies de vedette , whores who looked like or dressed up as famous women of the day .
Sexual activity only intensified during the height of the Terror , when the girls wore red , white and blue bonnets and offered a special price to the top members of the Assembly .
The real point was , of course , that liberty , equality and unbridled sexuality were all part of the indissoluble Rights of Man .
It is this tradition of mixing high political idealism and low carnal pleasures which informed the Parisian sexual underground of the 1920s and 1930s , which was documented by the likes of the philosopher Georges Bataille and the photographer Georges Brassai .
Bataille declared at the beginning of one of his most famous texts : `` whoever is afraid of whisky , naked girls and the obscene will never understand my philosophy '' .
The erotic life of the city during this period - when the likes of Bataille and his friends and lovers -LRB- the poet Colette Peignot , who was his lover and intellectual muse was an eager participant in these adventures -RRB- could buy a whole orgy at one of the clubs on rue Saint - Denis - was beautifully photographed by Brassai and enhanced Paris 's reputation as a city of endless erotic powers .
This subterranean sexual city was effectively wiped out by 1946 , when the authorities , disgusted by the close relationships between brothel owners and the occupying German forces , shut down more than 180 of the notorious maison closes - the legal brothels scattered throughout the city , but especially clustered around rue Saint - Denis .
This was done on the orders of the politician Marthe Richard , who had herself been a prostitute and spy .
These establishments , including such famous names as Le Chabanais -LRB- which dated back to 1820 -RRB- , Le Sphinx , Le One Two Two -LRB- this has survived into the 21st century as a swingers ' club -RRB- , were not only a part of Parisian folklore but had stood as elaborate and rich monuments to all forms of human sexual activity .
Somewhere such as Le Sphinx or Le One Two Two not only offered the regular forms of coupling that could be bought all over the city , but specialised in `` shows '' and `` spectacles '' constructed to the whim of clients , who dined well in the attached restaurants as a prelude to more carnal pleasures .
The debates around the closure of the brothels are still , surprisingly , very much a live issue in Paris .
One of the most powerful cases made in favour of them has been regularly made since the early 1990s by Michele Barzach , the Conservative ex-minister for health , who argued for controlled brothels , both gay and straight , as a way of dealing with Aids .
The enemies of this coalition are , however , surprisingly not all the puritans of the Right or the `` new Left '' -LRB- although Segolene Royal , the Socialist Party 's president - in - waiting does campaign on an anti-porn agenda -RRB- .
They are also often artists and writers , usually of an older generation .
More to the point , they too would describe themselves as keen on sexual transgression if not as downright erotomaniacs .
They include the likes of Yves Trentret , the academic and satirical novelist , who deplores the commercialised , `` industrial erotica '' of rue Saint - Denis .
`` I am of a generation that can just remember the erotic life of Paris as it was , '' he says when we meet in a mainly Algerian bar , L' Aec en ciel , in the 13th arrondissement , which has a stock of mainly Arab whores , `` But that way of life has gone for ever .
Paris was once known throughout the world as the capital of sex , but even if foreigners come now , they do not find what they are looking for .
For me , it is worse still that the younger generation who celebrate hard - core porn do not seem to realise that they are celebrating hard - core values , and that these are the values of hard - core , globalised capitalism . ''
This is also an argument made by the film director and porn actress Ovidie , who came to national prominence in France in 2002 with her book Porno Manifesto , a polemic in defence of porn .
Ovidie 's big idea then was that everyday Parisian life had been invaded by `` porno chic '' - the use of pornographic imagery in advertising - and that this was a betrayal of the intentions of those who , like her , both used prostitutes and made `` real porn '' .
I was then writing a book about Paris which , among other things , set out to cover the underground sexuality of the city
and , inspired by her call for a return to older Parisian traditions of sexual experience , I went to speak to Ovidie for the first time on a chilly September morning in a cafe near rue Saint - Denis .
In those days , Ovidie was tiny , pierced and dressed in black pyjamas like a junior Maoist . She began by quoting the contemporary thinkers Jean Baudrillard , Georges Bataille and Guy Debord , who , all in different ways , made the case for sexual freedom , and cited the popularity of porn in pre-Revolutionary Paris , before explaining her notion that , because it is based on a universal need , in the right hands , `` porn can set you free '' .
Ovidie went on :
pornography , she said , was about nothing more than the promise of human happiness .
The physical and economic exploitation that are undeniably involved in the sex industry , she said , are wrong only because they are a betrayal of this original , quite innocent trust .
The exploitation of women in particular , she said , was a betrayal of the original liberating aims of 18th - century pornography .
It was this egalitarian philosophy that Ovidie claimed to recapture in her work .
This did not preclude payment : indeed quite the opposite .
`` I have sex for money , '' Ovidie said ,
'' and , of course , that demands respect . ''
I met Ovidie again a few weeks back in Neuilly , the posh part of Paris where she now lives - presumably having made a packet from her films with titles like Orgie en Noir and Lilith .
It was three years since we had last met and she was now a mother .
She was also a little heftier around the edges but still with a definitive view on her own activities and the present state of sex in the city .
`` The problem is with Paris itself , and probably France itself , '' she told me .
`` They are both changing for the worse .
Parisians are unhappy
and that is expressed in their sexuality .
A place like rue Saint - Denis represents everything that has gone wrong -
it is not a place to go and have sex happily , as a person or as a couple .
It is now just gangsters and girls who are sex slaves from Eastern Europe and Africa .
The myths of the orgies to be found there , that you read in Georges Bataille , may not have been entirely true
but they did correspond to some form of reality .
Now it is practically impossible to have good sex with strangers in Paris . ''
We talked of the vogue for echangisme -LRB- '' swinging '' -RRB- which was in vogue in Paris in the late 1990s and - as famously documented in the memoirs of Catherine Millet and the novels of Michel Houellebecq - is far from being the naff and suburban activity that it is in Great Britain , was briefly the height of Parisian chic .
`` I know of some echangistes clubs that are still charming and passionate , '' Ovidie says ,
`` but really all that too has gone .
Catherine Millet is intelligent but her work is boring .
And Michel Houellebecq is not Georges Bataille -
he is really a moralist and his work does not celebrate sex like Bataille but condemns it .
So why read Houellebecq or Millet ?
I think the problem is political .
French people despair of the future - which is unstable and dark - and they are too morose to have sex properly . ''
The conversation moves on to a discussion of rising violence in the suburbs , a disintegrating economy and the lack of a political solution .
But notwithstanding the prevailing gloomy moods in the city , individual Parisians still take a chauvinistic pride in their horror of prudery .
They still lament on the pages of Le Parisien not only how the old - style whores are being driven from the city but how , over centuries , people 's pleasures have been policed by town - planning .
As the city was made more `` modern '' in the 19th century , for example , it was also governed by public prudery .
The first and clearest sign of this was the changing of street names in the brothel - ridden streets of Saint - Denis and Les Halles .
In 1809 , rue Tire - Boudin -LRB- '' Sausage - Puller street '' -RRB- became rue Marie - Stuart ;
rue Trousse - Nonain , or `` Tumble - Nun street '' , already disguised in official documents as Tasse - Nonian , became rue Beaubourg ;
rue de la Pute - y - muse , or `` Idling Tart street '' , became Petit - muse , while the scatological collection of rues Merdeuses , Merdelet , Chieurs and Chiards all disappeared from Haussmann 's new maps of the rational and hygienic city .
Nowadays , one of the last bastions of a uniquely Parisian approach to sex is Le Beverly , the only true porno cinema in the city centre , which , over the past few years , has been regularly preparing to close its doors for the last time .
This cinema stands at the top edge of the red - light district of rue Saint - Denis , almost but not quite in the rapidly gentrifying area of Montorgueil St - Denis .
Over the door , there is a photograph of the poet Rimbaud and his famous line `` Il faut reinventer l 'amour '' -LRB- '' Love must be reinvented '' -RRB- .
A poster in felt - tip pen offers special rates for couples on Thursday nights .
Most of the old - style porno cinemas in Paris were swept away in the 1980s , victims of the booming video trade and the regular appearance of hard - core porn on mainstream television .
Le Beverly somehow struggled through the 1990s .
Most of the customers who now come are visibly die - hards .
Some of them looked too old to be even interested in sex .
Perhaps they come for companionship and out of loyalty .
Others look sinister and sheepish in equal measure .
A handful of third - world immigrants sit back in their seats , smoking .
Le Beverly has never been respectable - the atmosphere in the pitch - black salle de spectacle is tense and fervid , with more than a hint of real physical danger .
But to visit this place , in all its sleazy glory , is to take a trip to a bygone era : a time - maybe this was the 1960s or 1970s - when showing sex in a public space was a real transgression and possibly a real thrill .
These days , as a short stroll down rue Saint - Denis or through the back streets of Pigalle - where porn DVDs are on sale at knock - down rates - reveals the opposite is true .
I left the Beverly intrigued but not quite convinced by Ovidie 's argument that writing or screening sex is in itself a genuinely subversive statement of wilful and unrepentant erotic intent .
This may have been the case in the 18th century , or even in the 1970s ,
but , nowadays , I felt the vision of the writer Michel Houellebecq - who , in one of his poems , brilliantly describes , with appalled precision , the deadly routine of the hand - jobs and peep - shows available to fit in with the office hours of the central city - was indeed a more grimly accurate vision of 21st - century Paris .
`` Our civilisation suffers from vital exhaustion , '' Houellebecq writes elsewhere ,
`` We need adventure and eroticism because we need to hear ourselves repeat that life is marvellous and exciting ;
and it 's abundantly clear that we rather doubt this . ''
Paris is evidently no longer the capital of sex
but it is mutating into something else ; an international sex theme park .
As I walked away from Club 88 and then Le Beverly , it seemed to me that this theory explained the strangely drab and haunted faces on the whores I passed at the top end of rue Saint - Denis .
-LRB- ' Paris : The Secret History ' , by Andrew Hussey is out now . -RRB-
our most epic road trips
writing about the black canyon left me thinking of other ' epic ' climbing road trips i 've actually survived .
and this , of course , brought back memories that made me suddenly laugh out loud in inappropriate places .
first among them while standing in line at some typically dull so - cal caffeine-o-torium waiting to beg for my morning fix :
i suddenly started laughing so hard i was like snorting out minor body parts through my nose .
suffice to say that all the local Rotarians and VFW heroes so desperate as to have voluntarily rocketed down to their local strip mall before dawn backed away from me hard , then stared at me like i had suddenly dropped my pants and started , er , ' amusing myself ' in a public place .
-LRB- i know that specific look because i once ...
um , never mind -RRB-
so anyway , it dawned on me as all those oh - so - serious professionals back peddled away from me , i bet that there are oodles of absolute pant - wetter road trip stories lingering out there among my brothers and sisters on the . wreck ripe just ripe for the picking --
if only they were inspired to show and tell all .
~~~
so i ask you , what was your most epic road trip ?
do tell ...
~~~
i chose the word `` epic '' with some care .
for what we 're looking for here is not necessarily your best road trip ever
-LRB- ie , `` so we met up just after work and got there early ,
then we climbed everything on our wish list on our first try , then drove home without incident ... '' --
good for you , but hardly worth writing , or reading .
at the other extreme , your worst road trip ever would hardly warrant a recap ,
-LRB- ie , `` `` my prom date called and dumped me ,
then the other two clowns finally showed up hammered and four hours late .
and 10 minutes out of town , we blew a head gasket ... '' --
this also hardly worth writing , or reading .
we 're looking for epic ,
the best story you ever stumbled through and survived .
something with drunken rodeo clowns , the ' professional lady ' named Larry you met in the overnight lot at that truck stop , angry state troopers , blood everywhere , ...
you know , that kind of thing .
do , pray , tell all .
i promise to only laugh at the punch lines .
and i promise to fess up eventually and tell of at least one such epic i survived --
that is once you big kids have me laughing so hard i forget about all those ancient blood oaths i swore never to say a word ...
canis fidelus est ,
^,,^
~~~~~~~~~~~~ OB:OtrPplQuoteWad Follows ~~~~~~~~~~
`` If you never did , you should ,
these things are fun , and fun is good . ''
- Dr. Seuss , `` One Fish , Two Fish , Red Fish , Blue Fish ''
~~~~~~~~~~~~ OB:OtrPplQuoteWad Ends ~~~~~~~~~~~~~
well ... it began with blowing out a tire but then drifted into I - might - tell - you - one - day territory ... but ended with driving back from Newhalem to Seattle with me holding my breath to lighten the load on the replacement tire , an exercise deriving from a state of mind which helps to keep one awake .
There was also a time when I agreed to atomic mouse 's suggestion to follow a watercourse near Sabie downhill one afternoon .
It was him , me , 'Nita , and my 8 year old daughter and 10 year old son .
Down and down we went wading through the sparkling water , first broad and shallow then narrow with deep pools .
I 'm certain that neither a.m. or myself will ever lose the sharp frozen second as 'Nita put her head under water and then threw it back with her long hair and an arc of water saying youth and grace in perfect agreement .
And sexy .
Then more descent , sometimes through the jungle on either side to bypass falls .
Now it was getting dark .
It was cold .
Sometimes the stream bottom dropped away and we fell in over our heads .
There was whimpering from all except 'Nita , our rock of unshakable womanly determination .
Just as the last light faded we made it to the place where a trail left the water and led back to the car now a couple hundred meters above us .
Only a.m. had not foreseen the chance that the escape he used the last time could have become overgrown with brambles .
He was sent off into the dark to find another way , which he did ,
and although at times one of us had to do a step of 5th class and then reach back for the children standing on the shoulders of the other , we made the all - important deadline of finding an open restaurant before 9 pm .
'Nita was composed and lovely in the candlelight ,
the children were glad to be alive ,
a.m. spun his tales ,
and I put off tick removal until morning .
That was the end to a day which had offered many other adventures , the scariest for me being a swim in a stream -LRB- a different stream -RRB- to rinse off the red mud of a cave .
Scary because I had doubts about reassurances of safety issuing from a companion who admitted to several bouts with bilharzia and tick fever .
After reading dogboy 's Black Canyon post I had the same thought he did ; that there must be other such stories .
I 've already told most of mine .
However , after watching Dr. Nigel Spivey tell us How Art Made the World -LRB- ''It is n't every day you walk around with a 16 -LRB- or 60 ? -RRB- million dollar piece of limestone in your hand . '' -RRB- I learn that I 've re-discovered a 40,000 year - old trick of story - telling .
Use a soundtrack .
So in a recurring offer , to anyone who provides a mailing address , I will send a set of QuickTime slide shows that are guaranteed to make you laugh , whether with me or at me .
Just please use decent sound , something with sub-woofer if possible .
Andy Cairns
So nice seeing an experience from another perspective , thanks Andy .
That was some time ago
but i 'm glad to see that it has 'nt blunted your memory of the day .
I do however have the disconcerting feeling that you read my diary though .
I quite think the blouberg trip we went on deserving of epic status .
-LRB- Strange thing that ; have you ever noticed how some times it 's more like the trip going on you ? -RRB-
like the trip going on you ? -RRB-
like the trip going on you ? -RRB-
The scale of the adventure that awaited us must have been evident to you as we started out on the trip , since you took 2 beacon sparkles as emergency rations , instead of just 1 .
Still ; the view from the top was all the better for the road we chose -LRB- or guessed -RRB- to get there .
Atomic Mouse
brothers cairns and mouse , in the same time zone at the same time , ah the very thought of just that absolutely screams epic .
having been more than once strung out 30+ feet above some rusty spinner of a paleo bolt-ette in the calanques , way way over my head and doing my bad elvis impersonation , i can easily imagine a truly priceless handful of limestone .
hell , even just a tiny little crimper 's worth .
yeeesh ...
having said that , i saw that said same Dr. Spivey piece on PBS -- a while ago at some no - tell -LRB- '' Big Earl 's Stop - N - Flop '' , if memory serves -RRB-
the tv was chained to the wall ,
and i assure you there was no remote .
that and the sheets were the consistency of waxed paper .
after i woke / sobered up , i found this one ruby red stiletto heeled slipper that was big even on me .
my first thought was `` cool , i wonder if i can find the other one . ''
moments later my second thought was `` oooch , i think need to shower immediately , then touch nothing ... ''
well , at least the price was right .
for the guy behind the -LRB- bullet proof glass -- big earl himself ? -RRB- at first said ' 50 bucks an hour . '
then i said ' um , how much for all night ? '
at which he looked at me really funny and said ' er , fifty bucks ' .
and i said ' well -- can i see the room first ?
at which he looked at me really really funny and said ' ok , how 'bout 18 bucks . '
at which i said ' deal ! '
then i said ' er , i assume you want cash '
to which he said ' D' YAH THINK !? '
you laugh , but when was the last time you rented a no - tell room for less than 20 bucks -LRB- that 's a night -- not an hour , lord slime -RRB-
that or found a free size 12 -LRB- mens ' , EE wide -RRB- ruby red slipper ?
that or had some drunken squid who just happened to also have a key to your room suddenly crash in in the middle of the night , flip the mattress over -LRB- with you on it -- well , suddenly not on it -RRB- , then calmly scoop up the revealed colt '45 and say `` oh , i 'm sorry to wake you , you want a beer ? ''
well i rest my case .
or , as warren harding once said : `` At either end of the social spectrum , there lies a leisure class . ''
ok , i 've since been told it is properly attributed to eric beck .
but i met harding once , late in his life -LRB- though neither of us dreamed that at the time -RRB- by an ' unauthorized ' campfire under cloud 's rest .
and he said just that to me .
and if there was ever anyone who would understand that line , it was harding .
or at least the harding i met .
before that night , i had taken my pals ' word for it and believed i was entirely nuts and a really good climber .
after that night , i realized i was n't all that especially nuts , nor was i all that especially much of a climber .
warren was magically , well , different .
trust me on this , if nothing else .
~~~
so where was i ...
oh yeah , Dr. Spivey .
and neanderthals .
-LRB- and warren harding -RRB-
neanderthals are dear to me , for they are surely my tribe
-LRB- if you 'd ever been to a wedding within my clan down at the elk 's lodge , you 'd know -RRB- .
i 've read a lot about them , one of my favorite repasts .
now most of our subspecies assume that just because we happened to eek past them in Darwin 's sieve , they were dopes .
ah but not so --
just look at the archeology .
for big science has found burials surrounded by literally pounds of pollen .
as in flowers , piles of them .
the fact that there was any burial at , to my mind , speaks volumes of them .
add the flowers , and well , to my mind , that 's poetry .
oh if only they had a written language --
well , one that we can find .
big science has also found burials of neanderthal elders -LRB- ie , like 50+ - a near miracle then , albeit it no more than late adolescence now -RRB- -- who had demonstrably been brutally hobbled since early childhood .
like broken hips , femurs , even -LRB- in one case -RRB- a snapped spine -- all trauma endured as children as now easily proved given ' modern ' techniques .
and yet they survived another 40 years to be buried in mounds of flowers .
how did that happen ?
or more to the point , why ?
we call them ' cavemen ' and relinquish them to ape status .
why ?
of late i 've come to ask if i 'd rather be surrounded by neanderthals or the graduating class of the stanford mba program .
the answer comes surprisingly easy .
~~~
um right , ok , what else .
clearly The Gods read my last post and were obviously inspired to offer still more inspiration for reflection on the epic road trip front -LRB- nudge nudge -RRB- via the morning news .
first They offered word of astronut Lisa Nowak 's epic road trip from houston -LRB- Mission Control even , oh purrfect , well done Zeus -RRB- to Orlando .
i personally nominate Nowak for . wreck road trip points in both the technique and packing list categories .
the former for dreaming up an idea sure to revolutionize road trips -- wearing a diaper to avoid the need for pit stops and hence shave precious seconds off travel time .
genius !
why did n't i think of that ?
i for one am off to bobmart for a carton of Depends .
sure hope i get there before all the frustrated LA commuters buy up all the national inventory .
as for Nowak 's packing list , according to CNN it included : a wig , sunglasses , a trench coat , several large plastic garbage bags , a half dozen latex gloves , MapQuest directions , `` diapers Nowak said she wore to reduce stops along the highway '' , a wad of undelivered love letters , and oh yeah , about $ 600 in cash
imagine all the fun one could have with all that stuff .
beats even the contents of the `` Plan R Survival Kit '' Slim Pickins ' inventories in Dr. Stranglove .
suffice to say all of the above are now on my bobmart shopping list .
it 's the rubber tubing part that i suspect is really giving the woman Nowak `` just wanted to talk to '' a whopping case of the heebie geebies .
`` Hell hath no fury ... ''
~~~
the morning news also included mention of the passing of Frankie Lane , the man who gave us what is certainly the best road trip tune ever -- `` Rawhide ! ''
i remember while howling back from a long weekend in Squamish , after listening to the mighty original a few times with all the windows down -LRB- this in order to invoke a much needed second wind at about 3am on I -RRB- i crooned a variation on this deathless standard to inspire my then sweetheart -LRB- and still dear pal -RRB- who was cramming for an organic chem final
-LRB- she had carried her notes with her all weekend , even had her head buried in them while belaying me on Grand Wall .
a real confidence builder to look down from the shaky crux and see that .
ah yeeesh -RRB-
'' Bondin' bondin' bondin' keep that carbon bondin' FORMALDEHYDE !!!! -LRB- & etc -RRB- ''
my beloved abby was , oddly , not amused .
she loudly invoked the wrath of The Gods -LRB- see above -RRB- down upon my pointy little head .
and , remarkably , she got it .
for seconds later there was this tuly blinding flash as lightning hit an unlucky tree just a few hundred in front of us and off on the side of the road .
and the thunderous crash that followed shook us into the adjoining lane .
that and no more than a minute later , as i attempted to slither between two of those big open stake trucks they use to haul live cattle , there was yet another mighty blast of lightning close by .
this apparently caused a whole lot of tightly packed cows to suddenly and simultaneously group - shit themselves , as we were instantly enveloped in the mother of all shit storms .
literally .
it was so thick my windshield wipers just stopped .
it got suddenly pitch black inside the car as every inch of glass was buried in cow shit .
this at , um , 12 hours divided by two , times five , plus about 65 equals , um , something like 95 mph .
caught tight between two tractor trailers howling -LRB- bleating ? -RRB- down some steep pass somewhere in southern oregon .
suffice to say i nearly shit myself as well .
for i could do nothing but take my foot off the gas , aim kinda straight , and start chanting from the tibetan book of the dead .
abby , always the cool head , rolled down her window -LRB- and was immediately rewarded with a lapful of still warm poop -RRB- , allowing me to slither over onto the shoulder of the road in an almost controlled manner .
there we used a snow scraper , all was left in our water bottles -LRB- not much - for who would have anticipated _that_ -RRB- , a big unopened jug of gatorade , and a bottle of nondescript chardonnay to clear just enough of a porthole in the mighty poop wad on the windshield to allow us to actually find , then limp into , ashland .
there we sat at this dark gas station with a drive through car wash waiting for it to open .
abby again immersed in her org chem book , seemingly nonplussed , me thwapping my head against the steering wheel chanting `` this is n't happening ... ''
when the guy -LRB- the owner , it turned out -RRB- arrived to open the gas station , he took one look at our cow pie with wheels and said `` what the fook ? ''
then he noticed we were parked at the mouth of his drive through car wash and said `` there 's no _way_ i 'm gon na let you use my car wash ! ''
though in the end he proved not to be a complete turd -- as he gave us detailed directions to his competitor 's coin operated self serve / self spray car wash on the other side of town .
that and broke our remaining 40 bucks of cash into a half ton of quarters .
and we used every last quarter , for panicked cow cow - poop is like epoxy -- if you did n't already know that ...
~~~
sure , you 're all
...
read more >>
Blouberg was epic on my scale , involving as it did a King , a big snake , Germans and a policeman disappearing on the mountain , advice on how to kill a python , and bears some relevance to the recent thread on getting lost
-LRB- do you think Hal should add some advice in his book Bringing Yourself Back Alive about maps provided by Rupert ? -RRB-
, oh , yeah , and the guy looking for his cow with a hatchet , but the epic status was compromised when we were descending the mountain and met the schoolgirls coming up it on their way home .
I do n't think any part of that trip translates well to North American experiences , except for the thunderstorm coming on just as we were near a cave .
But the real assignment was on road trips . ^,,^ would probably find any trip you ever made in The Slut to be of interest .
Andy Cairns
And that was when you were finally a peace with the decision to not buy a convertable , was n't it ?
- s -
January 1966 .
In Nigeria a civil war was going on .
I was a correspondent covering the war .
On a cloudy day I left Lagos .
I was driving along a road where they say no white man can come back alive . I was driving to see if a white man could , because I had to experience everything for myself .
I know that a man shudders in the forest when he passes close to a lion .
I got close to a lion so that I would know how it feels .
I had to do it myself because I knew that no one could describe it to me .
And I can not describe it myself .
Nor can I describe a night in the Sahara .
The stars over the Sahara are enormous .
They sway above the sand like great chandeliers .
The light of those stars is green .
Night in the Sahara is as green as a Mazowsze* meadow .
I drove up a hill
and when I got to the crest I could see the first flaming roadblock down below .
Burning logs blocked the road .
I slowed down and then stopped ;
it would have been impossible to have carried on .
I could see a dozen or so young people .
Some had shotguns ,
some were holding knives
and the rest were armed with machetes .
They were dressed alike in blue shirts with white sleeves , the colours of the opposition , of the UPGA .
They wore black and white caps with the letters UPGA .
They had pictures of Chief Awolowo pinned to their shirts .
Chief Awolowo was the leader of the opposition , the idol of the party .
They must have been smoking hashish because their eyes were mad
and they did not look fully conscious .
They were soaked in sweat , seemed possessed , frenzied .
They descended on me and pulled me out of the car .
I could hear them shouting ' UPGA ! UPGA ! '
On this road UPGA ruled .
UPGA held me in its sway .
I could feel three knife points against my back
and I saw several machetes aimed at my head .
Two activists stood a few steps away , pointing their guns at me in case I tried to get away .
My African experience had taught me that the worst thing to do in such situations is to betray your despair .
The most important thing was keeping still .
Keeping still takes practice and willpower , because everything inside screams that you should run for it or jump the other guy .
But they are always in groups and that means certain death .
I had to cover all my weaknesses , hide them somewhere very deep within myself .
This was Africa ,
I was in Africa .
They did not know that I was not their enemy .
They knew that I was white ,
and the only white they had known was the colonizer , who abased them .
The ones standing in the road wanted cash .
They wanted me to join the party , to become a member of UPGA and to pay for it .
I gave them five shillings .
That was too little , because somebody hit me on the back of the head .
I felt pain in my skull .
In a moment there was another blow .
After the third blow I felt an enormous tiredness .
I was fatigued and sleepy ;
I asked how much they wanted .
They wanted five pounds .
Everything in Africa was getting more expensive .
In the Congo soldiers were accepting people into the party for one pack of cigarettes and one blow with a rifle butt .
But here I had already got it a couple of times
and I was still supposed to pay five pounds .
I must have hesitated because the boss shouted to the activists , ' Burn the car ! '
and that car , the Peugeot that had been carrying me around Africa , was not mine .
It belonged to the Polish state .
One of them splashed gasoline on the Peugeot .
I understood that the discussion had ended and I had no way out .
I gave them the five pounds .
They started fighting over it .
But they allowed me to drive on .
Two boys moved the burning logs aside .
I looked around .
On both sides of the road there was a village and the village crowd had been watching the action .
The people were silent ;
somebody in the crowd was holding up a UPGA banner .
They all had photographs of Chief Awolowo pinned on their shirts .
I liked the girls best .
They were naked to the waist and had the name of the party written across their breasts : UP on the right breast , and GA on the left one .
I started off .
I could not turn back ;
they allowed me only to go forward .
So I kept driving through a country at war , a cloud of dust behind me .
The landscape was beautiful here , all vivid colours ,
Africa the way I like it .
Quiet , empty - every now and then a bird taking flight in the path of the car .
Now I knew the price :
UPGA had demanded five pounds of me .
I had less than five pounds left , and fifty kilometres to go .
I passed a burning village and then an emptying village , people fleeing into the bush .
Two goats grazed by the roadside and smoke hung above the road .
Beyond the village there was another burning roadblock .
Activists in UPGA uniforms , knives in their hands , were kicking a driver who did not want to pay his membership fee .
Nearby stood a bloody , beaten man -
he had n't been able to come up with the dues , either .
Everything looked like the first roadblock .
At this one , though , I had n't even managed to announce my desire to join UPGA before I received a pair of hooks to the midsection and had my shirt torn .
They turned my pockets out and took all my money .
I was waiting for them to set me on fire , because UPGA was burning many people alive .
I had seen the burnt corpses .
The boss at this roadblock popped me one in the face
and I felt a warm sweetness in my mouth .
Then he poured benzene on me ,
because here they burn people in benzene :
it guarantees complete incineration .
I felt an animal fear , a fear that struck me with paralysis ;
I stood rooted to the ground , as if I was buried up to the neck .
I could feel the sweat flowing over me ,
but under my skin I was as cold as if standing naked in sub-zero frost .
I wanted to live , but life was abandoning me .
I wanted to live , but I did not know how to defend my life .
My life was going to end in inhuman torment .
My life was going to go out in flames .
The boss of the operation stuffed my money into his pocket and shouted at me , blasting me with his beery breath : ' Power !
UPGA must get power !
We want power !
UPGA is power ! '
He was shaking , swept up in the passion of power ;
he was mad on power ;
the very word ' power ' sent him into ecstasy , into the highest rapture .
His face was flooding sweat ,
the veins on his forehead were bulging
and his eyes were shot with blood and madness .
He was happy
and he began to laugh in joy .
They all started laughing .
That laughter saved me .
They ordered me to drive on .
About four kilometres down the road the third roadblock was burning .
The road was straight
and I could see the smoke a long way off ,
and then I saw the fire and the activists .
I could not turn back .
There were two barriers behind me .
I could only go forward .
I was trapped , falling out of one ambush into another .
But now I was out of money for ransom ,
and I knew that if I did n't pay up they would burn the car .
Above all , I did n't want another beating .
I had been whipped , my shirt was in tatters
and I reeked of benzene .
There was only one way out : to run the roadblock .
It was risky because I might wreck the car or it might catch fire .
But I had no choice .
I floored it .
The roadblock was a kilometre ahead .
The speedometer needle jumped : 110 , 120 , 140 .
The car shimmied
and I gripped the wheel more tightly .
I leaned on the horn .
When I was right on top of it I could see that the bonfire stretched all the way across the road .
The activists were waving their knives for me to stop .
I saw that two of them were winding up to throw bottles of gasoline at the car
and for a second I thought , so , this is the end ,
this is the end ,
but there was no turning back .
There was no turning ...
I smashed into the fire ,
the car jumped ,
there was a hammering against the belly pan ,
sparks showered over the windshield .
And suddenly - the roadblock , the fire and the shouting were behind me .
The bottles had missed .
Hounded by terror I drove another kilometre
and then I stopped to make sure the car was n't on fire .
It was n't on fire .
I was all wet .
All my strength had left me ;
I was incapable of fighting ;
I was wide open , defenceless .
I sat down on the sand and felt sick to my stomach .
Everything around me was alien .
An alien sky and alien trees . Alien hills and manioc fields .
parts of The Burning Roadblocks -LSB- plan for a book that could have ended right here -RSB- in The Soccer War , by Ryszard ski , Alfred A. Knopf , 1991
http://www.pbase.com/jolka/image/53574802
A Toll Road in U.S. 460 's Future
Private industry is showing interest in financing and building a new U.S. 460 , Peter Bacque with the Richmond Times - Dispatch is reporting .
Tidewater Skanska , a subsidiary of Swedish construction giant Skanska AB , has committed to making a proposal to improve the 55 - mile highway between U.S. 58 in Suffolk and Interstate 295 near Petersburg .
The Virginia Department of Transportation , which is orchestrating the project , is hoping for at least two competing proposals .
With no public money available , improvements would have to be financed through tolls .
The problem is that the market seems unlikely to support the $ 9.70 per vehicle it would cost to travel the full length of the road .
Needless to say , residents of hamlets like Zuni and Wakefield who use 460 as a local thoroughfare will be none too happy with paying tolls every time they pull onto the road .
To offset sky - high tolls , Bacque says , VDOT is encouraging innovative financing schemes such as supporting `` economic development opportunities . ''
Bacque did not enumerate those opportunities in his article ,
but they could well be tied to major port expansions slated for Hampton Roads .
Moffat & Nichol , an engineering consulting firm , prepared a study for the Virginia Port Authority last year advocating development of a major intermodal park off U.S. 460 as a way to handle an anticipated 900,000 additional containers annually expected to move through the ports .
Those containers would require between 20 million and 60 million square feet of additional distribution space , employ 9,000 people directly and generate $ 788 million in wages from direct and indirect jobs .
I 'm normally a big fan of toll - driven projects on the principle that users should pay for transportation improvements .
And I 'm all in favor of a project that would enable the expansion of Virginia 's ports and improve employment prospects for the rural Southside counties along U.S. 460 .
But I 'm also wary of the potential for an upgraded U.S. 460 to act as a wick for the expansion of more hop - scotch , disconnected , low - density development out of Hampton Roads -- a pattern of development that would negate many of the benefits of the economic development .
If the Kaine administration wants to align transportation and land use planning , a good place to start would be with projects , like this one , that emanate from the administration itself .
Any evaluation of the competing proposals needs to consider the impact not just on traffic counts and toll financing but local human settlement patterns .
The `` good '' part about private investor toll roads is that real money is riding on the `` demand '' calculation and when real money is involved , less likely that the predicted demand data will be `` cooked '' to justify the road .
The `` bad '' part is that VDOT is still involved and I 'm sure will find new ways to screw things up .
The `` ugly '' needs some explanation
and I 'll use the History Channel 's show on the first national railroad .
Pointed out in that program that the `` incentives '' for attracting private investment to build the rail was `` free land '' to those who built the rail .
So take a private investor .. any private investor who `` proposes '' to build a major road - like 460 - and folks will fall all over themselves about their good fortune ...
but consider ... if those same investors - at the same time they were building the road - were also buying up land to develop - that would be more easily developable because of the new road ?
Now .. the investors .. I 'm quite sure would be saying the same words that we hear now days ...
that they are ONLY responding to a demand .. they did not create it . :--RRB-
other views ?
So your point is that if private money is developing the roads and private money is developing the land then government loses control over the plan .
Furthermore the infrastructure is privately owned so they can gouge all they want .
Sounds like a plan .
All we need is enough speculators to make it work .
Ray , your explanation sounds good to me .
Developing US 460 and linking it to a rail and road crossing from the Port of Norfolk is the way to take traffic off I on The Peninsula .
One would hope that some kind of safeguards have been put into the Va Public - Private Law to deal with this potential .
Overall , I am a supporter of private investor toll roads - PROVIDED they utilize ORT - open road -LRB- electronic -RRB- tolling so that only those who refuse to obtain transponders have to stop at toll plazas .
The comment on rail is interesting because some of the opponents of expanding I would like to see parallel rail facilities so that the scope and scale of improving of I might be more modest .
So .. connecting the dots .. Rail on I that connects to rail on I ... :--RRB-
Here 's some further thoughts for whatever they might be worth .. or not .
Let 's start with the premise that increased population and new jobs means more people who need a place to live .
Let 's further specify that many folks who accept the population - growth realities are still , none - the - less not happy with the settlement patterns that result from free - market responses to the housing demand .
Let 's finally specify that one of the major agnsts with regard to folks ' views with respect to settlement patterns - is the impacts on the transportation network - in the form of increased traffic and congestion on roads not designed to handle such increased volumes AND no money available to upgrade them anytime soon .
So ... enter a private investor who agrees to build not only a TOLL road , but develop land to serve the housing demand - AND ... what he -LRB- she -RRB- develops IS .. in fact , New Urban , compact developments .
So , in doing so - the developer solves three problems :
1 . - provides needed new housing
2 . - provides efficient compact development that includes bike and ped and mixed - use format .
3 . - provides the road capacity to serve the new developments -LRB- via a new toll road -RRB- .
... Why would such a thing be a bad thing ?
Larry Gross : You already have rail - coal and Amtrak along old US 60 / I 64 on the Peninsula .
The idea is rail on the Southside to take the Port of Norfolk containers .
I always thought high speed on The Peninsula connecting to Richmond and DC was the ticket ,
but I was told by folks who know better than me that the cost of upgrading or adding to the existing tracks -LRB- bringing coal to the NN port -RRB- and running pokey old Amtrak would take a lot of lot of lot money .
There may not be the case for companies to do it .
hmm ...
but WHERE are those Port of Norflolk containers headed to ?
re : new rail / private investors
I 've always wondered WHY private rail can not compete with public roads for the transportation of goods .
I 've heard LOTs of explanations .. but du n no that I 've ever seen a clear analysis .
For that matter .. I 've never seen a comparison betwen what the costs are for one mile of rail right - of - way vs one mile of 18 - wheeler - capable highway right - of - way .. much less the comparative operating costs between a load of goods transported by rail vs road .
But my point is ... rails wo n't be used instead of roads unless / until they are superior in terms of cost and effectiveness -LRB- movement of goods from point a to point b -RRB-
I can see where .. at some point goods MUST travel by truck because rail simply can not go everywhere that our road network does
but when we still transfer goods across the country - by truck .. verses rail .. the obvious question is why ?
And my ignorance ... leaves me with `` well , presumedly , the company that needed the goods shipped would not have chosen the more expensive method '' .
... and if it is cheaper to move goods across the company by truck .. then why would we expect moving goods across Virginia to be any cheaper ?
.... all things being equal ... which I doubt seriously is the case .
Lost in the hyperbole coming from Hampton Roads about `` tolls '' being the only way to save our so - called `` transportation crisis '' is any factual information about `` tolls '' .
Toll roads are 4 times more costly to run , than by using the gas tax .
And in fact in Virginia it will cost even more as there is no big bureaucracy in place to administer it .
Got to staff all those toll booths .
Health insurance , retirement funds , sick leave , uniforms , and a huge HR department to make sure all those federal regulations are followed it but the opening salvo .
Let 's not forget the `` maintenance '' costs .
Toll booths , collection machines -LRB- electronic devices for you `` EZ Pass '' sheep are 10 times more costly to maintain -RRB-
And then there is the risk .
The risk being experienced by the Dulles Toll Road folks who have been losing more money than they knew they could lose .
People will avoid your road if it 's toll !
The people who keep harping about `` tolls '' typically have no knowlege of how expensive it is to both run it and maintain it .
The sensible , logical way to fund roads is with a bureaucracy that is already established .
Gas Tax .
However , this all ignores the need for a complete housecleaning at VDOT .
The root cause of why people do n't want to give more money to the state for roads .
One glaring example .
The bogus , made up `` On time - On budget '' figures that VDOT has been parading about .
Were you aware that VDOT does not include projects that are n't `` on time '' or `` over budget '' in that figure ?
The i / Mercury Blvd project that is 77 % over budget and almost 3 - years behind schedule -LRB- by VDOT 's own account -RRB- IS NOT INCLUDED IN THE `` On time - On budget '' figure .
Fix VDOT first , then come back and talk about how you are going to fund our so called `` transportation crisis '' .
The only crisis in transportation we have in Virginia is a loss of trust and confidence in both VDOT and the Legislature .
I 'm with Pat .
Tolls are a lousy idea .
They are a cheap shot way for the legislators to push their fialurs off on the faceless foreign businesses , and they are supported by people who think the tolls wo n't affect them .
If this catches on , we will live to regret the day .
We have tried private tolls before , and they did n't work .
As for trains , forget it unless your goods are travelling 600 miles or so , and happen to be gong in the same direction as the tracks .
The reasosn has less to do with the subsidies enjoyed by highways and truckers than it has to do with speed , reliability , and convenience .
posted by <$BlogBacklinkAuthor$> @ <$BlogBacklinkDateTime$>
Learning from the Swedes
Reader Rob Jackson calls attention to an article in today 's Wall Street Journal about the experiment in Stockholm , Sweden , with congestion pricing .
It seems that the Swedes , for all their skill in urban planning and their investments in mass transit , are suffering from traffic congestion .
Better yet , they 're adopting a market - driven remedy .
Socialist though they may be , Sweden 's politicians apparently have a firmer grasp of economics than Virginia 's .
The Greater Stockholm region has nearly two million people .
The central city , built upon an archipelago of islands linked by bridges , is particularly prone to congestion .
Under contract with IBM , the national government has set up 23 tolling points which , used in conjunction with transponder boxes , laser detectors and cameras , tracks the path of every car in the city .
Each time a car with a transponder passes through a toll , the charge is automatically deducted from the driver 's bank account .
Tolls vary at different times of the day according to the level of congestion , ranging from the equivalent of $ 1.38 to $ 2.76 per hour .
The goal was to alter motorist behavior -- and that 's exactly what has happened .
Rather than drive to and from work at the same time every day , some Stockholmites -LRB- Stockholmers ? -RRB- are varying their commuting times .
Some are taking different routes .
Some are riding bicycles .
And many are availing themselves of mass transit .
As the WSJ explains : Before the trial began , Stockholm spent about $ 180 million on improvements to public transportation .
It bought about 200 new buses and added rush - hour trains , express bus routes and more park - and - ride lots .
But the changes had little impact on the number of people who left their private cars at home .
In spring 2006 , however , during the trial , use of all forms of public transportation jumped 6 % and ridership on inner - city bus routes rose 9 % , compared with a year earlier .
Now that the six - month trial has ended , the city has scheduled a referendum to let voters decide whether to make the congestion - pricing scheme permanent .
A June poll found that 52 percent of voters favored the plan .
So far , the idea of congestion pricing in Virginia has n't gotten past the talking stage .
Oh yeah -- a system that tracks every car 's movements through transponders will go over with the public in Va .
There remain people who wo n't buy smarttags because they do n't want Big Brother to have the data -LRB- or their spouse 's divorce lawyer . -RRB-
It strikes me as remarkable that our transportation policies are more socialistic than Sweden 's .
We wo n't do photo red , and you are suggesting this ?
Anonymous , I do n't believe that the Swedish system requires people to install transponders .
Some people will prefer that option because it 's more convenient .
Jim : WaPo ran the Wall Street Journal story on D 5 of Business .
Anonymous 11:06 see our comment yesterday re anonymity .
Citizens can have functional transport , functional settlement patterns , functional governance and a sustainable civilization ;
Or they can , to protect cheating husbands and wives and others for whom secrecty is a way to preserve special privilage , obsess over private rights to the exclusion of public responsibilities .
EMR
By all accounts the Stockholm experiment has been a success , so far .
Three issues come to mind .
First , Stockholm spent $ 180 million on transportation improvements before the experiment .
Would the experiment have been as successful if they had not spent the money ?
Was the `` success '' a manufactured result to cover up for the previously failed investment ?
Second , Stockholm had the presence of mind and the fairness of government to put this together as an experiment , and allow the citizens to dismantle it later if they thought it not worthwhile .
That is an admirable approach ,
what US government has ever incorporated a policy as a test and THEN put it up for referendum ?
One of our problems is that having made a mistake , it is impossible to get the government to own up to it .
Where is the referendum on whether we should spend umpteen billion on the Tyson 's project ?
Focus groups and special interests do n't count .
Third , granted , the government in Stockholm has every incentive to spin this in a good light ,
and all the reviews seem good .
I 'm suspicious when no one seems to be able to find any shortcomings .
In London , it took quite some time for the economic effects to sort themselves out and be measured .
Although the London experiment also seems to be a success , there is considerable movement against it and the rapid rise in tolling charges that followed .
It does not seem likely that it will be repeated in other English cities .
For the record , I 'm in favor of congestion tolling , but I also think it will hasten the de-emphasis of central areas .
In London there seems to be a distinct decrease in business just inside the edge of the congestion zone and a distinct increase just outside .
It is too soon to see what happens in Stockholm ,
but the situation in stockholm is a lot different from London .
Singapore is another example of effective use of congestion pricing .
I 'm not usre that there 's much about Singapore 's governmental philosophy that we should emulate -LRB- thinly disguised one - party rule -RRB- but , as someone who has spent a great deal of time there over the past 20 years , I can testify that traffic in the center city is much improved without any indication that economic development has been curtailed .
In Southern California , there are at least two tollways with variable pricing that fluctuates with traffic density .
The highway design is configured to give drivers options about whether to pay the higher rates or get off the road .
Seems to work .
re : congestion pricing and `` edge '' impacts .
simple - move the boundaries ... :--RRB-
further , let 's think outside the box here .
what makes `` congestion pricing '' - WORK ?
It 's electronic tolling .
`` congestion pricing '' is but one of dozens of possible outcomes based on the underlying technology .
The privacy aspects are undeniable but the momentum towards electronic tolling is also .
Right now .. they can `` track '' you with your cell phone and your credit card as well as red - light cameras and even security cameras in businesses .
Electronic Tolling will make possible other methods of collecting revenue from vehicular travel besides congestion pricing .
Obviously new roads / expanded / improved roads will also be possible - roads that we currently have no money for and unlikely to have money for in the near future .
Electronic Tolls present an opportunity to build new roads shortly after the study / decision is made - vice waiting for years .. and in VDOT 's case decades .
The primary difference between this country and other countries ' use of electronic tolling is that we 're still thinking of individual roads whereas those other countries are implementing electronic tolling for the REGION - as a way to SHAPE the entire network 's congestion .
So .. think in terms of the entire NoVa area with a connecting network of electronically tolled roads being priced by the hour ... and the place much like cell phone minutes .
You have to admit - the cell phone business model does two things very , very well .
First , you pay for when / where and do n't get a free ride
and second , the cell companies collect enough in revenues to keep building more cell towers and expand coverage .
think about the same model with roads and electronic tolling .
Larry , the cell phone analogy is brilliant .
That is the logic of where the technology will take us -- if only politics do n't stand in the way .
Either Nova Scout is right or Larry is right .
Congestion pricing does n't seem to have limited Singapore 's economic activity , but how would you know ?
For one thing , it 's like traffic congestion :
the demand is so high that even if you build new roads or throttle the demand , it is still high .
For another , If Larry is right and congestion pricing has shaped the region , then some of that economic activity is not happening where it might have otherwise .
Transportation is very closey connected with economic activity .
So in that sense , what tolling does is impose a tax on profits that have not yet been made .
I think you should tax only income and sales , but I suppose you could rationalize this as a sales tax on use of the roads .
I still think there is no reason to institute tolling except in special circumstances : Expensive bridges , and highly congested zones , for example .
Otherwise a gas tax set high enough to do its job is still a fairer and cheaper method , and more environmentally friendly :
the infrastructure is in place , and it automatically taxes by distance , weight , and horsepower .
The cell phone analogy is far from brilliant .
There are multiple cell phone companies -LRB- Verizon Wireless , Cingular , Sprint , TMobile , etc. -RRB- .
There is only one medieval and corrupt General Assembly .
And their goal was , is and will remain the transfer of wealth from the economically successful -LRB- and congetsed -RRB- areas to those areas of the state locked in the economic practices of the mid 1800s .
This will not end until the Dillon Rule is discarded in Virginia or Northern Virginia forms a separate state .
Congestion `` pricing '' = congestion `` taxation '' .
If you want to continue the cell phone analogy then Maryland ought to have a chance to propose their approach to traffic management using Northern Virginia 's taxes as a competitive alternative to the General Assembly 's proposal .
The people of Northern Virginia -LRB- i.e. the buyers of the product offered under congestion `` pricing '' -RRB- would then have a choice - like they do today with cell phone service .
Until there is choice , this is just another method of perpetuating the Northern Virginia subsidy of the southern Virginia welfare state .
No thanks .
Groveton , You 're missing the point of Larry 's post regarding the cell phone model :
`` First , you pay for when / where and do n't get a free ride
and second , the cell companies collect enough in revenues to keep building more cell towers and expand coverage . ''
How does the presence of absence of competition affect either of those two attributes ?
As for the `` Medieval corrupt '' General Assembly , do n't forget which region of the state sends more senators and delegates to that body than any other .
As we 've discussed elsewhere on this blog , the transfer of wealth between regions is accounted for primarily by the `` Standards of Quality '' funding formula that redistributes resources from affluent school systems to poor school systems , and secondarily by road - funding formulas that favor rural areas .
Your criticisms should be directed to those two particular funding formulas , not to the `` General Assembly '' as a whole .
Northern Virginia 's gripes over these funding formulas could be shared by the affluent suburbs of the Richmond area --
but you do n't hear Richmond suburbanites fantasizing about seceding from the state .
-LRB- For the record : I live in Henrico County . -RRB-
Some Northern Virginians want it both ways .
They 're entirely happy with the arrangement that divests it from any responsibility for the `` inner city '' of e Washington , D.C. , and all those icky poor people ,
and they would like to divest itself from responsibility for outlying rural areas as well .
In other words , these people advocate cherry picking the most affluent suburban jurisdictions of NoVa , creating a separate political entity for themselves and insulating themselves from the urban and rural poor .
A gated community on a regional scale !
Jim , is n't that what congestion pricing does , place a toll gate on the community ?
Ray , congestion pricing uses the pricing mechanism to allocate scarce roadway capacity .
If you want to call that `` placing a toll gate on the community , '' I suppose you can .
posted by <$BlogBacklinkAuthor$> @ <$BlogBacklinkDateTime$>
`` Thank God I 'm an atheist : ''
The surrealistic cinema of Luis Bunuel --
by Bryan M. Papciak
`` The thought of death has been familiar to me for a long time , '' says Director Luis Bunuel .
`` From the time that skeletons were carried through the streets of Calanda during the Holy Week procession , death has been an integral part of my life .
I 've never wished to forget or deny it ,
but there 's not much to say about it when you 're an atheist '' -LRB- 255 -RRB- .
So reads an accurate testimonial to the personal and artistic sentiment of this odd and serious filmmaker .
Like many of his contemporary surrealists , Bunuel is a paradox who on one hand claims apathy towards ultimate end , being , and Being , yet on the other hand loads his impressive body of work with moribund imagery and strange ideas about the God he so vociferously denies .
Bunuel exhibits a radical , iconoclastic view of the world in which he finds society decadent and antithetical to human liberation .
He has been called a realist , a surrealist , a Marxist , an anarchist , a mystic , an anticleric , a Freudian , a post-Freudian , a sadist , a moralist , a Christian , and a poet - showman of the macabre .
His scenarios range from the absurd to the tragic to the satiric to the erotic , profusely endued with the outrageous and the scandalous .
Luis Bunuel has long been recognized in European critical circles as a great and prolific filmmaker on a par with Eisenstein , Chaplin , and Fellini .
However , only recently has his reputation in America begun to catch up .
Over his fifty - year career he directed thirty - two feature films and worked in Spain , France , Mexico , Italy , and the United States .
Utilizing sardonic humor and the imagery of surrealism , Bunuel set out to undermine the values and institutions people take for granted .
His aims were specific : through the surreal , visualizing the impulses of the uncon - scious , he would , he said , `` shatter the optimism of the bourgeoisie world and force the reader -LRB- or spectator -RRB- to question the permanency of the prevailing order '' -LRB- Mellen 3 -RRB- .
Luis Bunuel was born February 22 , 1900 in Calanda , a small town in the province of Teruel , Spain .
As a youth he received a Jesuit education , displaying exceptional talent in music , athletics , and the natural sciences .
He enjoyed a comfortable upbringing in a reasonably wealthy , close - knit family .
His family came from liberal , semi-intellectual , land - owning bourgeoisie .
These details are not irrelevant .
To comprehend Bunuel 's works it is essential to understand that he was first a Spaniard and secondly a product of Spanish bourgeoisie .
Virginia Higgenbotham points out that `` blasphemy is only a form of thinking for any intelligent Spaniard , '' and also that the `` art of his country is rich in eroticism and profoundly preoccupied with death '' -LRB- 18 , 20 -RRB- .
Bunuel says : My infancy slipped by in an almost medieval atmosphere -LRB- like that of nearly all the Spanish provinces -RRB- between my native town and Zaragova .
I feel it necessary to say here -LRB- since it explains in part the trend of the modest work which I later accomplished -RRB- that the two basic sentiments of my childhood which stayed with me well into adolescence , are those of a profound eroticism , at first sublimated in a great religious faith , and a permanent consciousness of death .
It would take too long here to analyze the reasons .
It suffices that I was not an exception among my compatriots , since this is a very Spanish characteristic , and our art , exponent of the Spanish spirit , was impregnated with these two sentiments .
The last civil war , peculiar and ferocious as no other exposed them clearly .
Coming of age , Bunuel expressed a strong urge to go to Paris to study music but was sent instead to Madrid to study agricultural engineering .
After a few years , he switched his studies to entomology , and , more importantly , began forming close friendships with a group of young artists who were to influence him strongly in the future .
These companions included the poets Frederico Garcia Lorca and Jose Moreno Villa and the painter Salvador Dali .
In the Madrid residencia Bunuel developed his interest in the arts , theater , and acting and gained his introduction to surrealism .
After graduating in 1925 with a degree in Philosophy and Letters , Bunuel moved to Paris , joined by a few members of his residencia coterie .
Bunuel arrived in Paris highly recommended by influential friends of his parents and was introduced into the best intellectual circles of the city .
He was soon hired as an Assistant Director to Jean Epstien , `` the only director of that bleak era of the French cinema to merit the title of an intellectual filmmaker '' -LRB- Aranda 32 -RRB- .
While honing his skills working as an A.D. , Bunuel also began contributing articles to various literary cinema periodicals , most notably La Gaceta Hispanoamericana .
In 1929 he formally entered the Paris Surrealist Group .
Within this setting he embarked on his first film project as director , a collaboration with his residencia friend Salvador Dali , entitled Un Chien Andalou .
He collaborated with Dali again in 1930 on another surrealist film , L_Age d' Or .
The rest , as they say , is history .
Some critics , most notably Pauline Kael and Penelope Gilliatt , now regard Bunuel as the Hitchcock of surrealism -- a venerated master in total command of his medium and for whom the art of filmic manipulation became a `` delightful form of play . ''
For Bunuel , however , play had little to do with it .
Rather , he saw surrealism as a revolutionary , poetic , and moral movement :
All of us were supporters of a certain concept of revolution , and although the surrealists did n't consider themselves terrorists , they were constantly fighting a society they despised .
The principle weapon was not guns , of course , it was scandal .
Scandal was a potent agent of revelation , capable of exposing such social crimes as exploitation of one man by another , colonialist imperialism , religious tyranny -- in sum , all the secret and odious underpinnings of a system that had to be destroyed .
He went on to say , `` The purpose of surrealism was not to create a new literary , artistic , or even philosophical movement , but to explode the social order , to transform life itself ' -LRB- 107 -RRB- .
Salvador Dali recalled the surrealists ' ideology , `` It is possible to systematize confusion thanks to a paranoia and active process of thought and so assist in discrediting completely the world of reality '' -LRB- Gould 37 -RRB- .
Indeed , the intent of surreal art is to move one from the conscious mind into the subconscious .
It seeks to affect the emotions through the mind .
Michael Gould states in Surrealism and the Cinema , `` If the vision revealed is too much for the rational mind to absorb -LRB- too intense , too threatening , too ' real ' -RRB- yet can not be rejected , then it leaves the consciousness and comes to exist on a sublime level as pure surrealism '' -LRB- 13 -RRB- .
In Un Chien Andalou , for example , a girl 's eye is sliced with a razor blade ,
a man wipes his mouth completely off his face ,
dead donkey carcasses adorn a piano ,
a man 's hand crawls with ants .
Each of these images is clearly too intense for rational thought .
Bunuel was drawn to the surrealist movement for more than revolutionary or psychological reasons .
The moral aspects of the movement intrigued him as well :
For the first time in my life , I 'd come into contact with a coherent moral system that , as far as I could tell , had no flaws .
It was an aggressive morality based on the complete rejection of all existing values .
We had other criteria :
we exalted passion , mystification , black humor , the insult , and the call of the abyss .
Inside this new territory , all our thoughts and actions seemed justifiable ;
there was simply no room for doubt .
Everything made sense .
Our morality may have been more demanding and more dangerous than the prevailing order , but it was also stronger , richer , more coherent .
The surreal qualities in Bunuel 's films can be traced to a number of sources ,
but the primary impetus was his `` irrational sensibility '' as evidenced by his treatment of image , montage , and sound .
These gave his films their dreamlike quality .
His most intense images are evocative of either humor or mystery .
Mystery , he believed , is the essential element of any art ;
it is inseparable from chance ,
and the whole universe is a mystery ,
Bunuel believed that his own form of atheism led inevitably to the acceptance of the inexplicable .
`` Since I reject the idea of a divine watchmaker , '' he said , `` -LRB- a notion even more mysterious than the mystery it supposedly explains -RRB- , then I must consent to live in a kind of shadowy confusion ....
At least it keeps my moral freedom intact '' -LRB- 174 -RRB- .
Predictably , adherence to fantasy as opposed to reason in a rationalistic society leads to conflict .
The surrealists opposed nearly all traditional values and , as noted before , sought to destroy `` all conventional social , moral , and artistic habits of thought and perception '' -LRB- Higgenbotham 30 -RRB- .
Enter Un Chien Andalou .
In 1929 , Un Chien Andalou was as shocking and scandalous as Bunuel and Dali had hoped it would be .
It gave rise to a staggering range of interpretations : poetic , scandalous , incoherent , an attack upon critics , an attack upon religion , and attack upon the bourgeoisie .
-LRB- Interestingly , the film was financed by Bunuel 's bourgeois mother . -RRB-
Un Chien Andalou -LRB- which means An Andalusian Dog -- though there are no dogs in the film -RRB- was deliberately intended to jolt the spectator 's peace of mind and to convey some of the basic beliefs underlying the surrealist movement , including the omnipotence of desire .
Bunuel stated that he and Dali held to only one rule during the production ,
`` No idea or image that might lend itself to rational explanation of any kind would be accepted .
We had to open all doors to the irrational and keep only those images that surprised us without trying to explain why '' -LRB- 104 -RRB- .
The aim of the film was not exclusively to shock , but to incendiarially affect the collective conscience .
At the same time it was an indictment of all the art consumers who , either through stupidity , masochism , or self interest , were willing to swallow anything , no matter how much it went against their instincts .
Bunuel asked , `` What can I do about the people who adore all that is new , even when it goes against their deepest convictions , or about the insincere , corrupt press and the inane herd that saw beauty and poetry in something which was basically no more than a desperate call for murder ? '' -LRB- Bauche 9 -RRB- .
The film is a dream and , like a dream , is both fascinating and disturbing .
The opening scene in which a girl 's eye is sliced sets the tone of the film 's meandering and confusing itinerary .
Many of the elements that make up the film are remnants of objective reality .
The way they are arranged within the scenario pushes them into a mental reconstruction process -- in exactly the way dreams draw on the previous day 's experience .
Interestingly , the images have the matter - of - fact quality of a newsreel , or what Higgenbotham calls a `` prosaic realism '' -LRB- 38 -RRB- .
Bunuel chose not to use the distorted lenses , supered images , or blurred focus -LRB- cinematic conventions of the day -RRB- to suggest the dreamlike quality of his film .
Instead , he approached the entire non-narrative in a straightforward manner .
He used the shocking incongruity of the images themselves to build the hallucinatory feeling of anguish that runs through the film .
The unrealistic fashion in which the realistic images were juxtaposed was the perfect way , according to Freddy Bauche , to illustrate `` the dramatic collision between desire and the object of desire '' -LRB- 10 -RRB- .
Obviously , the director drew much of Un Chien Andalou from his Spanish heritage -- the religious and social implications , the themes of emotionalism and death , even the donkey carcasses .
`` Thus Un Chien Andalou , as a milestone in the history of cinema , emerges from its director 's adolescence in Spain and announces the themes and techniques that were to preoccupy Bunuel for half a century , through the rest of his career '' -LRB- Higgenbotham 39 -RRB- .
Where desire and eroticism prevailed in Un Chien Andalou , religion took center stage in Simon del Desierto -LRB- Simon of the Desert -RRB- , produced in Mexico in 1965 .
Simon del Desierto is a bizarre little narrative set in the fifth century A.D.
Saint Simon , in order to be as close to God as possible , has stood praying on top of a sixty - foot pillar for thirty - seven years .
He is profoundly sanctimonious - to the degree that he even blesses his own tooth when it falls from his mouth .
His devotion , however , is put to the test when the Devil -LRB- a woman wearing the uniform of a Catholic school girl -RRB- arrives in a slithering coffin at the pillar .
She is intent on luring the Holy Disciple from his perch as she repeatedly ridicules him and insults his character .
Simon heroically resists her temptations at every turn despite her various disguises ; first , a priest , then a shepherd , and finally as the Savior himself .
At last , despite Simon 's holy strength , and for reasons not entirely clear , the Devil is able to exert her full power and whisk him away to hell -- a Greenwich village disco where trendies writhe and grind to `` The Radioactive Flesh . ''
The implications are staggering .
`` The saint , devoted to his god , sits high on a pillar for all of life ....
But the pillar , discolored over the years , winding and twisting its way to the ground , is the excrement of the saint .
Saint though he is , his bowels must still move .
So there he sits , near God indeed , but supported on a pillar of excrement '' -LRB- Mellen 115 -RRB- .
There have been several interpretations of this seemingly blasphemous imagery .
One is that God and his church are really built on unacknowledged humanity .
Another is that we can reach God only through understanding the true nature of our humanity .
Still another is that religion -LRB- primarily Catholicism -RRB- is essentially a `` pillar of excrement . ''
Bunuel himself put all the interpretations in perspective when he said , `` Thank God I 'm still an atheist . ''
Luis Bunuel 's flair for perverse surrealism and his malicious attacks on conventional morality were fully realized in his second to last film , Le Fantome de la Liberte -LRB- The Phantom of Liberty -RRB- , produced in France in 1974 -- almost fifty years after Un Chien Andalou .
Fantome in many ways functioned as a sort of sequel to his 1972 film , Le Channe Discret de la Bourgeoisie -LRB- The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie -RRB- .
The images are astounding and playfully absurd :
Spanish hostages of the Napoleonic war cry `` Down with Freedom ! '' as they are executed .
A French lieutenant fondles the statue of a beautiful noblewoman and is struck on the head by another statue .
Bourgeois couples discuss defecation around a toilet - lined table but consider `` food '' an impolite topic , and so on .
The titular reference to a `` phantom '' boffows from the opening line of Karl Marx 's Communist Manifesto :
`` A specter is haunting Europe - the specter of communism . ''
Bunuel twists this meaning to imply that the specter haunting the bourgeoisie is `` the possibility of its own freedom unburdened by the dead ends of sexual license , willful irrationality , and the liberty to go beyond the self - indulgent eccentricities of the individual ego '' -LRB- Mellen 318 -RRB- .
Bunuel compared the film to one of his earlier surrealist works , L_Age d' Or , saying , `` It is no longer possible to scandal-ize people as we did in 1930 .
Today you have to do it with sweet subversion '' -LRB- Mellen 183 -RRB- .
Le Fantome de la Liberte charges that society has substituted arbitrary willfulness for freedom .
One of the film 's vignettes shows two parents who insist on declaring their daughter a missing person , although she is plainly sitting in front of them .
The police , in a similar display of willful blindness to reality , even ask the child herself for her vital statistics and how she disappeared .
In another episode , four chain - smoking monks gamble with their holy medallions in a card game .
`` I 'll open with a virgin , '' says one .
Another plays a `` father . ''
Bunuel believed reality is actually a smoke screen for hidden urges .
He used the absurd to imply `` an attack on specific abuses , not on some safely vague condition of man '' -LRB- Durgnat 65 -RRB- .
In Le Fantome de la Liberte Bunuel doubts not so much the possibility for society 's redemption as its likelihood .
`` We have been rendered unwittingly comfortable within our psychic cages to the point where we prefer them to liberty , an experience and aspiration we neither understand or desire '' -LRB- Mellen 331 -RRB- .
For fifty years , Luis Bunuel made films about society 's dilemmas .
His art is his declaration of confidence in a human race dominated by a bourgeoisie given to hypocrisy , sadism , and above all , a disrespect for its own capacity to live differently and better .
He summed it all up himself :
As I drift toward my last sigh , I often imagine a final joke .
I convoke around my deathbed my friends who are confirmed atheists as I am .
Then a priest , whom I have summoned , arrives ;
and to the horror of my friends , I make my confession , ask for absolution for my sins , and receive extreme unction .
After which I turn over on my side and expire .
But will I have the strength to joke at that moment ?
Luis Bunuel died in 1983 .
Not only is Virginia heading for a fiscal crisis , but it may be heading for a constitutional crisis as well .
The Senate and House of Delegates managed to get budget talks back on track last week ,
but negotiations derailed faster than an Amtrak train in a snow storm .
Judging by the exchange of letters released to the public , relations between the Senate and House budget conferees are as acrimonious as they 've ever been .
There are 24 days left to patch together a budget before the fiscal year ends .
Then the state enters a constitutional crisis .
Gov. Timothy M. Kaine says he has the authority to keep basic state services running without a budget .
But Attorney General Robert F. McDonnell says he does not .
-LRB- Read the Washington Post coverage . -RRB-
Meanwhile , senior state lawmakers are due to visit bond rating agencies in New York .
Virginia may be the best managed state in the country when the politicians are actually speaking to one another , but it 's not looking terribly well managed right now .
Only two years ago , on the heels of the last recession , Virginia 's political class was consternated that the state 's AAA bond rating might be cut .
Would n't it be ironic if , despite the 2004 tax increase and a $ 1.5 billion surplus , the rating agencies cut Virginia 's bond rating anyway this year ?
It would appear given the deadlocks and disputes that have afflicted our General Assembly since 2001 , the vaunted Republican majority is just not now nor has it ever been ready for prime time governing .
Anon : ' Ever ' is a bit of hyperbole .
The RINOs are unfit to govern .
That is for sure .
The phony bond crisis of 04 was that Virginia could ' only ' borrow $ 800 m if the Commonwealth wanted to do so .
Why Mr. Atticus Bowden , if `` ever '' were hyperbole perhaps you could tell me when they did manage to govern -- all by themselves , of course ?
The last time they did have a chance was in the 19th Century .
As I recall the Republican and Readjuster movement failed then , too .
The beauty of democracy is that people get the government they deserve .
We in Virginia drank the Kool - aid and elected a bunch of culture warrior idealogues instead of good , pragmatic stewards .
We get what we deserve .
I believe that it would be better to imperil our bond rating than to pass a budget that continues the taxation practices of the past two general assemblies .
I patently reject the idea that the only way out of this morass is to pass a budget that has a net tax increase .
We have to get off this tax and spend merry - go - round .
It 's time we Republicans return to our roots of fiscal conservancy .
Anon : The GOP majority did fine with the Car Tax relief from the 2000 session until the 2002 session when they passed the 2002 Tax Scam .
Also , I was being a bit hopeful that ' ever ' means in the future too .
I agree , that Republicans have n't covered themselves in glory in the GA in the few years our Party has been in the majority .
Getting rid of the old Dem retreads like His Lordship Sir John Chichester , Tommy Norment , etc. will improve the governance .
Yeah .
You 're right in line with Vance Wilkins .
Getting rid of the old Dem retreads like His Lordship Sir John Chichester , Tommy Norment , etc. will improve the governance .
From your lips to God 's ears , Mr. Brown !
Old Dem Retreads I am aware of include Ronald Reagan , Mills Godwin , Lacey Putney ....
BTW down at the funny farm today not only did they make no progress on the new budget , it seems that the agreement on the `` caboose bill '' for the current fiscal year is unraveling .
The Governor made a mistake offering amendments .
It just gave them a new chance to screw it all up again .
Update : Reason prevailed on the `` caboose bill '' and the House backed off a last minute amendment that the Senate would n't go along with , so at least that budget is done .
Otherwise that bill would have ended up back in the conference committee again .
To see this going on in Virginia now is truly an embarrassment .
The Senate gave in on its main point weeks ago and if we reach July 1 with no budget , it is on the House 's head .
Ronald Reagan was a convert , a true believer , who actually believed the same stuff
and the Dems left him .
Virginia has Dem retreads who know the GOP stands for getting elected , but do n't know what the acronym means .
I 'm just trying to fathom the mess we 're going to have if this is n't settled by 7 / 1 .
If we really ca n't pay anyone out of emergency funds , I 'm trying to get my head around what that means -
if I understand it correctly :
no state police on duty
no guards at the state prisons
-LRB- and what are we going to do with the inmates ? -RRB-
no one to handle the patients at the state mental hospitals
no one to handle the patients at the state REGULAR hospitals - MCV , UVA , etc.
What happens to the patients ?
no one working at the state colleges for summer school or research or sending out transcripts and getting ready for the next year -
and no classes at the community colleges
all the state parks closed -
I do n't thnk you can have them open w/o any staff -LRB- trash , safety , etc -RRB-
no unemployment for the furloughed state workers , b/c is n't that handled by state workers ?
most of the folks that give restaurant and well and septic permits furloughed
state courts closed
no one to fix the roads or finish temporary repairs or new construction
a huge mess with figuring out pay and benefits for state workers , who are not going to be happy about this
liquor stores all closed
medical examiners and no state forensic lab specialists all gone home
no one at Consolidated Labs to do rabies checks
no public health people to do the kids ' back to school shots , or epidemiology for homeland security , or the school physicals for sports
no one at the department of vital statistics -
how will we get birth or death certificates ?
state lottery would be closed
the Science Museum in Richmond would be closed
the DMV would be closed
the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts would be closed
VRS retirement checks presumably wo n't go out
and probably a hundred things I have n't thought of .
I 've seen folks say it wo n't be any big deal .
Personally , it sounds like a huge honking mess to me .
After seeing the list of what would not be open and / or on duty ... which I 'm also quite sure is not complete ... I 'll go out on a limb .... and predict ... that this will not happen
and what is really going on is the GA equivalent of two cars speeding towards each other until someone blinks .
I 'll also predict ... that the classic fall - back position for Virginia is the same one used by the Feds -
continue the budget using last budget allocations ... continuing resolution and all that stuff .
On the actual issue of how much tax is enough - I find myself influenced by both sides ' arguments to a certain extent
but I guess what I can not understand is that all things being equal .. does n't population growth result in MORE tax revenues that would be allocated presumedly as they were before - in other words priorities remain the same in terms of allocations ?
If everyone - those already here plus our population growth is to pay HIGHER taxes - should there be an expectation on the part of taxpayers to receive MORE services ... and of course .... what about those that are opposed to the government providing services that private industry could do - for less .
This certainly goes for transportation where we talk about a `` crisis '' that can ONLY be solved by higher taxes and more government spending .
Here 's an interesting article from Pilot Online :
http://home.hamptonroads.com/stories/story.cfm?story=105522&ran=48577
`` The Pocahontas Parkway , a state - owned toll road that opened four years ago on Richmond 's outskirts , has been a financial flop .
With traffic below projections , the nonprofit corporation that operates the road has struggled to avoid defaulting on its bonds .
But salvation has come from an unlikely suitor - an Australian company called Transurban that has agreed to pay the Virginia Department of Transportation $ 522 million in exchange for a 99 - year lease of the road .
That an Australian company has agreed to spend $ 522 million on Pocahontas Parkway , a road that last year collected just $ 10.3 million in tolls .
In exchange for the right to keep all parkway toll revenue , Transurban agreed to build a 1.6 - mile , four - lane road to the Richmond International Airport , pending federal approval .
It also will pay off the parkway 's debt and upgrade its electronic tolling equipment in anticipation of a rate increase expected in 2008 . ''
So ... I 'd ask ... why not replicate this approach to some of our more urgent transportation problems and get VDOT and the State of Virginia out of the business of collecting taxes ... and apparently not knowing how to build even toll roads that will be cost - effective ?
Is this why the GA guys are playing `` chicken '' with the budget ?
At 10:06 PM , Anonymous said ..
Wow ...
talk about hyperbole !
None of what you wrote will happen .
It may not happen -
BUT , if we shut down the Virginia state government , that IS what will happen .
I went to DHRM -LRB- the state human resources dept -RRB- and looked at the open jobs , to see what the state does .
State employees , who will be off duty if the budget is not passed and Kaine does NOT move ahead , would include :
the state police
the staff and faculty of state universities and community colleges
the public health staff of the state and localities of Virginia -LRB- most are state employees even if they are working in your local county - ask if you do n't believe -RRB-
These are the folks that inspect your restaurants , give your kids their back to school shots , give the inspections for well and septic installation , and investigate many dog bites .
the folks at the state department of vital statistics -LRB- birth and death certificates -RRB-
the staff and guards at the state prisons
the nurses , doctors , and other staff at the state teaching hospitals , such as MCV and UVA
the nurses , doctors , and staff at the state mental facilities
the staff at our state parks
the folks who distribute unemployment , disability , and state retirement checks
the judges and employees of our state courts
the folks at VDOT
all the folks at the ABC stores
all the folks at the Virginia lottery
the state and regional medical examiners and the state forensic lab specialists
the staff at the state museums
the folks at the DMV
And if you ca n't pay the state workers , you can not have contractors working either , because that is incurring debt whether you pay them immediately or not .
Go look at DHRM and the state courts system -LRB- separate HR dept -RRB- and see what the state folks do , and who all you 're talking about furloughing .
Then try to tell me that shutting down the state government is n't going to be noticed by the average citizen .
They 'll notice .
And the ones that get really hurt by this , for whatever reason -LRB- see above -RRB- are going to be pretty ticked off .
Not only will it tick off a huge number of state employees and their families , but also the folks on state retirement -LRB- which I believe also includes many folks retired from localities under VRS -RRB- , an awful lot of just regular citizens , and an awful lot of businesses .
This is n't hyperbole .
Look at what the state government actually does .
Shutting the state government down is not an idea that 's going to help get votes in November .
Unless you mean helping get votes for your opponent .
posted by <$BlogBacklinkAuthor$> @ <$BlogBacklinkDateTime$>
Forget ' isms ' -- except eclecticism
Those discrete movements you studied in art history ?
They 're long gone .
Today , it 's all about diversity -- and quality , of course .
By Christopher Knight -LRB- from LA Times -RRB-
The question was innocent enough .
`` What 's going on with contemporary art these days ? ''
My answer was equally candid .
`` Beats me . ''
I do spend a sizable chunk of my time looking at , reading about and thinking over new art in Los Angeles and elsewhere ,
but the days when a succinct response might quickly sum up the art scene are long gone .
Partly that 's because contemporary art has gone global .
The decade of the 1980s was a pivot , when New York 's postwar role as serious art 's only serious city came to an end .
Mostly , though , it 's because art , wherever it is made , no longer subscribes to a single dominant trend with a few rambunctious alternatives jostling for supremacy .
Art is eclectic --
and today we take that eclecticism for granted .
Look around .
The extreme breadth of artistic diversity is so familiar and so routine as to border on invisibility .
Take the 2006 California Biennial at the Orange County Museum of Art , opening today .
It is typical of most such surveys , which are commonplace in an art scene now sprawling from Berlin to Beijing .
This installment includes Jane Callister 's punchy abstract paintings , which skillfully exploit the capacity of paint to multi-task .
Like a diary , her paint records the artist 's physical process in making the work .
It also has a tendency to run , mix or separate of its own accord , as if an inert material made from pigment bound in acrylic resin had an independent mind and will .
And it possesses a stubborn inclination to represent recognizable things in the world -- especially landscape -- in wholly unexpected , even apocalyptic ways .
But the California Biennial , without seeming the least bit dissonant , can also accommodate art with no relationship whatever to Callister 's inventive reworking of postwar abstraction 's various shibboleths .
There 's the show business shtick of the performance troupe My Barbarian , which turns homemade riffs on TV and Broadway into political entertainment .
Mario Ybarra Jr. once fabricated vato action figure dolls , transforming gang - culture imagery into icons of Duchampian hip - hop .
And the architectural photographs of precarious or ruined buildings by Amir Zaki assert that disintegration and collapse are the inescapable , unseen corollary of the lovely pictures found in our ubiquitous shelter magazines .
Speaking of buildings , for a current show in Pasadena , Carlos Mollura has inserted polyethylene cubes , spheres and other geometric shapes into architectural orifices at a Colorado Boulevard shopping plaza .
As each fat , inflatable form strains against the buildings ' walls and windows with playful , even comic authority , empty space becomes elastic , muscular and apparently ready to burst .
Geometry is ostensibly neutral .
But in the context of this shopping arcade , these geometric forms inescapably imply that hidden powers of urban gentrification are at work .
At Blum & Poe Gallery at the edge of Culver City , meanwhile , a carved lump of luxurious sandstone by Matt Johnson begins with Michelangelo 's Renaissance dictum that sculpture is a spiritually inclined process of chipping away stone to liberate a natural life force already locked inside .
Johnson put his chisel to work ,
but he uncovered something quite different .
A bleary death 's head lurked within .
Moreover , the skull 's distended features recall a famous 1943 bronze memento mori by Picasso , who revolutionized sculpture for the 20th century .
Johnson , metaphorically killing off two artistic titans in one deceptively simple gesture , achieves quite a sculptural feat .
Katie Grinnan 's sculpture at ACME follows an entirely different track .
Her `` Rubble Division '' mixes such disparate materials as ink - jet prints pasted on board , foam rubber , galvanized steel , concrete , steel rebar and bungee cords .
Folding and unfolding pictures of ruined buildings with pictures of vernacular modern architecture , she articulates a disorienting collision between the material world and virtual reality .
The sculpture -- tall and gangly , with angular flaps held precariously in place by tension cords -- looks like a cross between a communications satellite and a homeless shelter scavenged from a freeway underpass .
What 's going on with contemporary art these days ?
Clearly a lot .
Yet Callister , My Barbarian , Ybarra and Zaki comfortably cohabit in a single group show .
Mollura , Johnson and Grinnan are all first - rate sculptors ,
and none makes sculpture that even remotely recalls the others .
Their disparate works cover the waterfront .
Many of these artists do evoke a world coming apart at the seams .
-LRB- Given current events , how could they not ? -RRB-
But the stresses and strains of contemporary life register in heterogeneous ways .
And their extreme eclecticism is not exclusive to California .
It 's the norm everywhere today .
' Pluralism ' does n't do it justice
I use the word `` eclectic '' rather than `` pluralist '' for a reason .
Eclecticism is a virtue because not only does it draw from a variety of sources and promote divergent positions , it also makes an argument about what is best among the various doctrines , methods or styles it employs .
Eclecticism is elitist in the finest sense of that widely misused word , which has nothing to do with old - fashioned notions of exclusive aristocratic taste and everything to do with embracing diversity while also demanding quality .
In the 1980s some critics advanced pluralism as art 's natural condition .
They were partly right .
The idea that two or more kinds of ultimate artistic reality could comfortably coexist has n't always been in vogue .
Twentieth century art was long charted as an almost linear succession of `` isms '' -- from Fauvism in 1905 to Abstract Expressionism in the 1950s -- discrete movements that each expressed its own unitary view of things .
The monolithic view that had congealed by the 1960s was a belief that the eye held dominion over art .
That limited judgment was toppled by Conceptualism , which devalued everything visual in art and instead polished up the stature of ideas .
`` The idea becomes the machine that makes the art , '' Sol LeWitt famously wrote in 1967 to explain Conceptual art .
And the idea could range far and wide , encompassing virtually any subject , attitude or experience one might imagine .
Looking back from today 's art world , though , a slightly different history of eclectic art suggests itself .
Conceptual art does n't mark the decisive break , just the elaboration and consolidation of an idea already in play .
Pop art marks the most profound rupture .
The landmark exhibition of Robert Rauschenberg 's 1950s hybrids of painting and sculpture that closed recently at the Museum of Contemporary Art convinced me of that .
Rauschenberg , together with Jasper Johns , set the stage for Pop .
Their work undermined art 's established structure .
Pop art tipped it over .
With its commercial subject matter , pitch - perfect sense of style , wicked humor , easy sociability and serious refusal to take art too seriously , Pop made hash of the rigid hierarchy of high art -LRB- painting , sculpture , drawing -RRB- and low art -LRB- TV , tabloids , photographs -RRB- .
An entrenched legacy of an aristocratic worldview , this hierarchy of high and low was traded in for a more fluid , porous pecking order .
The early - '60s work of Andy Warhol , Edward Ruscha and Roy Lichtenstein is as brainy as the existential subjects of the Abstract Expressionist artists that preceded them ,
and it is also as dumb as the Sunday funnies are .
That 's about as eclectic as a work of art can be .
One place the breadth and scope of the contemporary art scene is creating increasing pressures is in museums .
Few were engaged with contemporary art 30 years ago ,
but many have waded in , desirous of the energy and public interest that come with the territory .
Few , however , are equipped to handle the lively situation since it contradicts the orderly traditions of institutional structure .
Nowhere has the problem been more keenly felt than in New York , center of not just the art market and art media but traditional museum culture .
Contemporary programming at the Guggenheim , the Metropolitan , the Modern and Whitney can most charitably be described as a train wreck .
So , what 's going on with contemporary art these days ?
It 's a post-Pop world , `` ism '' - free and with no end in sight .
Pop culture used to be synonymous with mass culture ,
but in the era of 500 cable channels , iPods and the Internet , broadcasting has faltered and been joined by vibrant narrowcasting .
Contemporary art 's avid audience now approaches in size the ratings for HBO 's latest hit .
America 's political battles of the past 20 years may center on attempts to repeal or defend the dramatic changes wrought during the 1960s , but our robust artistic bounty today is its resplendent legacy .
-LRB- christopher.knight@latimes.com -RRB-
Tomgram : Roger Morris on The Rumsfeld Legacy
By Tom Engelhardt
Created Feb 17 2007 - 11:39am
Here 's a classic Rumsfeldism -LSB- 1 -RSB- :
`` We do have a saying in America :
if you 're in a hole , stop digging ...
erm , I 'm not sure I should have said that . ''
In Part 2 of his historical excavation of the life and world of Donald Rumsfeld -LRB- not to speak of the worlds of both President Bushes , the neocons , the U.S. military , the GOP , and an indolent media -RRB- , Roger Morris , already deep in that hole , just keeps digging away .
In doing so , he offers us the rest of Rumsfeld 's long march to power , his lasting legacies , and the costly lessons of this comeback kid .
So much that went unheeded in the years in which Rumsfeld once again scaled the heights of power is now , thanks to Morris , compactly on the record .
`` The absence of evidence is not necessarily the evidence of absence '' is another infamous Rumsfeldism .
How true .
And in Rumsfeld 's absence , the evidence of how he changed our world for the worse will be with us to consider for years to come .
So , if you missed it , check out `` Sharp Elbows , '' -LSB- 2 -RSB- the first part of `` The Undertaker 's Tally , '' and then settle in for the sequel , the one you thought you knew until you read `` The Power and the Glory . ''
Read it and remember , the bell tolls for thee .
Tom
The Power and the Glory : The Undertaker 's Tally -LRB- Part 2 -RRB-
By Roger Morris
In 1976 , when Jimmy Carter took the Presidency from Gerald Ford , outgoing Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld went off to seek corporate wealth as head of G.D. Searle , a Skokie pharmaceutical company .
His period running the business , inherited by the family of his North Shore friend and early backer Dan Searle , would become part of Rumsfeld 's legend of success as a master manager , negligently accepted as fact by the media and Congressional representatives at his 2001 confirmation hearings .
The legend went this way :
Political prodigy slashes payroll 60 % , turns decrepit loser into mega-profit - maker , earns industry kudos and multiple millions .
In looking at men of prominence like Rumsfeld who revolve in and out of the private sector , the Washington media almost invariably adopts the press - release or booster business - page version of events from what inside - the - Beltway types call `` the real world . ''
In Rumsfeld 's case , behind the image of corporate savior lay a far more relevant and ominous history .
In the documented version of reality , derived from litigation and relatively obscure investigations in the U.S. and abroad , Searle turned out to enjoy its notable rise less thanks to Rumsfeldian innovative managerial genius than to old - fashioned reckless marketing of pharmaceuticals already on the shelf and the calling in of lobbying `` markers '' via its well - connected Republican CEO .
And over it all wafted the distinctive odor of corrupt practices .
A case in point was Searle 's anti-diarrhea medicine Lomotil , sold ever more widely and profitably internationally -LRB- in industry terms `` dumped '' -RRB- -- especially in Africa in the late 1970s -- despite the company 's failure to warn of its potentially dire effects on younger children .
`` A blindly harmful stopcock , '' one medical journal called the remedy , which could be poisonous to infants only slightly above Searle 's recommended dosage .
Even taken according to directions , Lomotil was known to mask dangerous dehydration and cause a lethal build - up of fluids internally .
Having advertised the medicine as `` ideal for every situation , '' Searle did not undertake a cautionary labeling change until the end of 1981 , nearly five years into Rumsfeld 's tenure , and then only when threatened with damaging publicity by children 's advocacy groups .
Part of the vast outrage of multinational `` pharmas '' exploiting the Third World , the company under Rumsfeld would , like the more publicized Upjohn with its Depo - Provera , be implicated in widespread bribery of officials -LRB- and others -RRB- in poorer countries to promote the sale of oral contraceptives which had been found unsafe for American or European women .
But Searle 's magic potion , concocted well before Rumsfeld 's arrival , was to be the controversial artificial sweetener aspertame , marketed under the trade name NutraSweet .
By 1977 , the Food and Drug Administration -LRB- FDA -RRB- had staunchly refused to approve aspertame for some 16 years , finding test data dubious or inconclusive and fearing that potential long - term dangers might prove prohibitive .
As Rumsfeld took over in Skokie , the FDA was taking the rare step of recommending to Justice Department prosecutors that a grand jury investigate the company 's applications for FDA approval for `` willful and knowing failure to make reports . concealing material facts and making false statements '' in connection with the statutory application process required by law and FDA standards .
Over the next four years , federal regulators held firm against Searle 's heavily financed campaigns .
Only with Reagan 's election in 1980 did fix and favor supplant science and the public interest .
Having campaigned for the new president and been named to his transition team , Rumsfeld told his Searle sales force , according to later testimony , that `` he would call in all his markers and that no matter what , he would see to it that aspartame would be approved . ''
The sequel would be a classic of the genre :
Searle 's reapplication to the FDA the day Reagan was inaugurated ; the prompt appointment of an agreeable FDA commissioner who would later go to work for Searle 's public relations firm for $ 1,000 a day ; further questionable , company - commissioned tests with more doubts by FDA scientists but approval of aspertame nonetheless ; a later plague of health problems but by then vast profits throughout the corporate food economy followed by lavish , multi-company contributions to Congressional committee members to stifle any outcry ; eventually , a $ 350 million class - action suit alleging racketeering , fraud , and multiple abuses centering on Rumsfeld , who meanwhile had become gloriously rich from aspertame and the $ 2.7 - billion sale of Searle to Monsanto in 1985 .
In his return to the Pentagon in 2001 , he would go duly unscathed by any of the company 's history .
By the time litigation would be filed , the United States was already 18 months into the occupation of Iraq .
Envoy
As it was , despite his business conquests , Rumsfeld missed an even greater prize .
He had been on a short list to become Ronald Reagan 's running mate in the 1980 presidential campaign when the candidate unexpectedly reached for his defeated primary rival -LRB- and Rumsfeld nemesis -RRB- George H.W. Bush .
While , over the next 12 years , Bush went on to the vice - presidency and presidency , and Jim Baker -- equally detested by Rumsfeld -- went along with his patron to White House staff and cabinet power , Rumsfeld would build his Searle fortune and bide his time .
The one exception to his involuntary Reagan - era exile from government would be a stint in 1983 as special presidential envoy to the Middle East .
He would be sent to arrange U.S. support for Saddam Hussein 's Iraq in its war with the hated Iranians of Ayatollah Khomeini , a role little noticed at the time which nonetheless produced the notorious photo of Rumsfeld shaking hands with the Iraqi dictator .
The deeper story was far more embarrassing than any simple handshake .
Most of the relevant records on Rumsfeld 's several - month assignment are still classified , though it is clear that , as at the Office of Equal Opportunity -LRB- OEO -RRB- , he took on his mission with a passion .
He worked to shower on Saddam -LRB- in a manner as unnoticed as possible -RRB- an infamous flow of intelligence , financial credits , and sensitive materials and technology that would come to underpin Iraqi chemical and bacteriological warfare programs , leading to hideous gas attacks on Shia dissidents and Kurds as well as the Iranian forces .
In general , Rumsfeld put his shoulder to the wheel to shore up the war - worn Baathist regime that had attacked Iran in 1980 .
In this mid-1980s de facto alliance with Saddam , as in much else , Rumsfeld was never alone .
Their gambit was , in turn , backed by Senators and Congressmen in both parties who were briefed on Rumsfeld 's mission and obligingly shunned oversight of the manifold aspects of the sometimes illegal collusion with the Iraqis .
Their dereliction was assured , in part , by the general animus toward Iran on a Capitol Hill then effectively controlled by the Republicans , and increasingly under the bipartisan influence of the growing Israeli lobby and its Tel Aviv handlers .
The lobby quietly , cynically pushed both for Reagan administration aid to Iraq and for covert arms - dealing with Iran -LRB- later exposed in the Iran - Contra scandal -RRB- , viewing the ongoing no - winners carnage of two Islamic states as a boon .
All this went on largely unreported , given the customary media diffidence or indolence on national security issues .
Historically , the moral outrage and far - reaching political folly of Washington 's furtive arming of one tyranny to bleed another , with untold casualties on each side -LRB- including the murderous suppression of would - be democrats in both countries -RRB- , would belong at the doorstep of Reagan 's reactionary regime and the Washington foreign - policy establishment as a whole .
Rumsfeld 's role was instrumental and in some respects crucial , but only part of the larger disgrace .
At the same time , in the intelligence briefings he received as the first ranking U.S. official to go to Iraq since the Baghdad Pact of the 1950s , he would have been uniquely aware , as no other senior figure in Washington , of the brutal character of Saddam Hussein 's regime and , in particular , the sectarian , regional , tribal , and clan politics that lay behind it .
The Ba'athists were a government , after all , that the CIA itself had helped to recruit and install in the coup of 1963 , reinstalled in 1968 when the Agency 's original clients lost control , and then watched closely while Baghdad had a flirtation -LRB- involving an arms - supply relationship -RRB- with the feared Russians -LRB- whose influence the bloody 1963 coup was supposed to counter -RRB- .
This was particularly true in the aftermath of the Arab - Israeli War of 1973 with its peace agreements from which Iraq emerged as a principal remaining challenge to Israel .
By 1983 , the volatile , complex currents of Iraq 's political culture , Saddam 's essentially family and clan rule , and the now crude , now subtle layering of Sunni and Shia in the Ba'athist bureaucracy and plutocracy , as well as the wartime distrust and savage repression of a suspect , subordinate Shia majority , were well known to outside intelligence agencies as well as scholars and journalists .
The CIA , DIA and State Department Bureaus of Near Eastern Affairs and Intelligence and Research -- and certainly Rumsfeld as presidential envoy -- also had reason to understand much about Saddam 's grandiose ambition , in Iraq 's old rivalry with Egypt , to lead a pan-Arab nationalist renaissance to some kind of future parity with Israel 's nuclear - armed military might .
In addition to the usual extensive intelligence - sharing with Israel 's Mossad , less than two years before Rumsfeld 's Iraq mission CIA operatives had literally lit the way for Israeli F fighter bombers in their June 1981 surprise attack on Saddam 's fledgling nuclear reactor at Osiraq .
They planted guidance transmitters along the low - level flight path under Jordanian and Iraqi radar to the point of painting the target with lasers .
The Agency and Mossad then watched as the Iraqis dauntlessly , defiantly began to rebuild and expand their nuclear program .
From some 400 scientists and technicians with $ 400 million in funding , that program would grow to perhaps 7,000 scientists and technicians with as much as $ 10 billion at their command , some of which was indirectly made possible by the bounty Rumsfeld carried to Baghdad in the mid-1980s
For anyone dealing seriously with these issues , there could have been little doubt that Saddam would use the considerable aid and trade Rumsfeld was sliding his way under the table to mount a better - armed , more bloody war on Iran , to further the regime 's most ambitious dreams of weapons development , and to tyrannize all the more savagely potentially rebellious Iraqi Shiites and Kurds .
As Washington watched , he did all of that --
and no one could have been less surprised than Rumsfeld himself .
Long afterward , as some of the ugly essence of his mission to Baghdad dribbled out amid the ruins of Bush 's Iraqi occupation , Rumsfeld would be faulted for pandering to , and appeasing , Saddam -LRB- whose gassing of the Kurds had already begun -RRB- -- in the wake of a single , timorous , hypocritical statement issued in Washington in March 1984 criticizing his use of chemical weapons .
The actual toll of the policy to which he was integral would prove so much higher as time passed .
Iraqi chemical weapons plants bombed in the 1991 Gulf War released agents to which some 100,000 American troops were exposed .
The infamous Gulf War Syndrome might evend be traced in some measure to the U.S. credits , materiel , and technology Rumsfeld knowingly conveyed seven years before .
So , too , of course , could Saddam 's brutal 1980s repression of the Shia , underlying the sectarian animus and resolve for vengeance and dominance by the U.S. - installed Shia regime after 2003 that shaped Rumsfeld 's , and America 's , historic failure in Iraq .
Others colluded at every turn in the long scandal of policy toward Iraq .
Colin Powell , then the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs , and Dick Cheney , as Secretary of Defense during the First Gulf War , would , for instance , be directly complicit in the Syndrome outrage .
Yet none of the participants in the larger post / 11 disaster was more directly responsible than Rumsfeld .
While Reagan 's special envoy was , with his usual energy and sharp elbows , dickering with the Iraqis in the mid-1980s , Condoleezza Rice was an assistant professor of no scholarly distinction at Stanford ; Cheney a third - term congressman from Wyoming squirming up the House leadership ladder ; future viceroy of Baghdad L. Paul `` Jerry '' Bremer moving from State Department clerk and Alexander Haig protege to lavish - party giving ambassador to the Netherlands ; and George W. Bush , still by his own account given to `` heavy drinking , '' absorbed in changing the name of his chronically failed Arbusto Energy oil company to Bush Exploration .
Waiting Game
By 1987 , Rumsfeld was flexing his muscles once more , preparing for the ultimate goal , assembling money and party support for a presidential run against George H. W. Bush in 1988 .
But after a dozen years out of office , and against the entrenched power of an heir apparent , he would soon enough discover that backing just was not there .
Off more recent prominence and with a wider political base , Cheney would try to mount his own presidential campaign in the early 1990s , only to meet the same bitter rejection
Historians will only guess at the rancor building in these two deeply ambitious , deeply disappointed figures at the president they had , George W. Bush , whom they no doubt saw as manifestly , maddeningly inferior .
The Rumsfeld - Cheney recompense , at vast cost to the nation and world , would be their fierce seizure of power after September 11 , 2001 .
Rumsfeld spent the 1990s again in business , becoming CEO of General Instruments , then Chairman of Gilead Sciences Pharmaceuticals , with another history reminiscent of Searle .
In 1990 , he joined the board of ABB , a Swedish - Swiss conglomerate that had gobbled up companies in the latter 1980s , including Westinghouse energy operations , and would move aggressively to win a $ 200 - million contract for `` the design and key components '' for light - water nuclear reactors in North Korea .
Rumsfeld pursued this prize even while chairing a Congressional commission on missile threats that found a `` clear danger '' for the future from Pyongyang .
In the alarming report , his otherwise fulsome resume failed to mention that he was an ABB director .
In 1996 , he took leave from Gilead to become chief foreign policy advisor , along with Wolfowitz , in Robert Dole 's failed presidential run .
He would end as the campaign 's eighteen - hour - a - day manager .
By 1997 , amid the full - scale takeover of the Washington GOP by the long - churning cabal of neoconservatives , he joined Cheney and Wolfowitz on a Newt Gingirch - instigated Congressional Policy Advisory Board to shape attacks on the second Clinton Administration .
In January 1998 , he signed the celebrated letter so publicly sent to Clinton from the right - wing , Israeli lobby - dominated Project for a New American Century .
Alongside Wolfowitz , Perle , and others soon to be key players in the younger Bush 's regime , he vigorously urged the `` removal '' of Saddam .
In July 1998 , there followed the `` Rumsfeld Commission '' report on missile threats , wildly claiming , in an unnamed debut of the `` axis of evil '' drawn from the testimony and staff work of right - wing ideologues , that Iran , Iraq , and North Korea would each be able to `` inflict major destruction '' on the U.S. by 2002 .
Through it all , including the first seven - and - a - half months of their rule after the seamy election of 2000 , there would be no trace of the actual danger that erupted out of a September morning sky in 2001 .
Though he had repaired surface relations with the Bushes , Rumsfeld took no major role in the 2000 race .
In any case , the elder Bush had erased him from his son 's list of possible running mates , while ultimately waving through Cheney , whose reactionary animus had been relatively well masked at the Pentagon in 1989 .
When , post-election , Cheney vetoed Governor Tom Ridge for the Pentagon , and there were throbbing neocon fears that a cosmetic Powell , bureaucrat at heart , would be far too equivocal at the State Department , Rumsfeld would be Cheney 's , and so Bush 's , antidote .
His appointment was a mark of the extreme poverty of Republican talent the administration reflected so graphically .
The supposed party of national security , having held the White House for five of the last eight terms and dominated Congress for much of the previous 30 years , had no serious alternative to a man who had perched atop the Pentagon a full quarter - century before .
Apart from the patently right - wing , widely discredited missile panel he had chaired , Rumsfeld had shown no palpable interest or competence in the ever more complex defense issues accumulating since then , much less the rapidly changing politics of the post-Cold War world . Nonetheless , fit , relatively youthful at 69 , he strode again into the E-Ring .
There was speculation that the old Halloween Massacre goal was still there , that Cheney , with his uncertain health , might step aside in 2004 , that the undertaker might yet reach the Oval Office .
Mastery
Rumsfeld began his Pentagon reprise by seizing on a dead Russian marshal and an octogenarian Washington bureaucrat few had ever heard of .
Like Osama bin Laden , steely - haired Nikolai Ogarkov first came to light during the Soviet war in Afghanistan .
In 1977 , at 50 , he had become a prodigal chief of the Soviet General Staff .
In that superannuated , medal - mummified company , he proved a dynamic , technically inclined , forward - thinking young general .
Over the ensuing years , he would be an impressive Moscow spokesman on arms control , and defend stubbornly , even abjectly , the 1983 shooting down of a civilian Korean Airlines 747 that had veered into Soviet air space .
Ogarkov would fall from power in a 1984 Kremlin struggle over weapons spending , write a valedictory book warning of American militarism , and die in post-Soviet obscurity in 1994 .
But his main , if esoteric , historical distinction would lie in a slight 1982 pamphlet in which he blamed the early , nearly lethal Russian defeats in World War II on a failure to adapt to the new German blitzkrieg concepts in tank warfare .
Recent U.S. advances in weapons technology , he argued , could leave the Russians similarly vulnerable if they did n't adapt quickly enough .
Sweeping changes in tactics and arms as well as more agile , responsive armed forces were needed to face the American challenge , the Marshal advised .
Otherwise , Soviet forces would fall into a series of devastating traps on a future remote - targeted battlefield in which the enemy would utilize the latest computerized surveillance and information systems in a new form of high - tech warfare .
His vision soon gained vogue as much in Washington as amid the stultified upper reaches of the Soviet military of the early 1980s .
It was grandly christened -- and welcomed by Pentagon aficionados -- as the `` Revolution in Military Affairs '' or , in that acronym - laden world , RMA .
There was a certain banality to Ogarkov 's stress on technology .
That a fighting force should be best attuned to the battlefield and adversary of the moment -- modern , adaptable , quick , and informed -- should have been self - evident , on the order of the bloody lesson 80 years before of the Tsarist cavalry charging entrenched machine guns in the Russo - Japanese War .
Yet however obvious the premise , the RMA concept -- transported to the Pentagon and put in the context of an onrushing generation of electronic warfare , of near - nuclear effects with non-nuclear means , along with Ogarkov 's call for fresh tactics -LRB- and thus new weaponry and higher spending -RRB- -- was taken up by innovators , opportunists , and their assorted hybrids on both sides of the Cold War .
This was particularly so among the Soviets , whose rusty Europe - heavy military was already being shaken and bled in Afghanistan by the Mujahideen -- in 1982 , despite ample Saudi money , still only partially armed by their cynical CIA , Pakistani , and Chinese handlers .
At any rate , Ogarkov 's truism was also grist for the Pentagon 's back - ring band of civilian military `` theorists , '' career bureaucrats ever in search of a mission and occupationally disposed to attribute evil genius -- requiring a suitable Washington budgetary response -- to the Red Menace .
Short , bald , and with stylishly severe wire - rimmed glasses , Andrew Marshall was a Dickensian clerk of a man who took up the bureaucratic cudgel RMA represented and brought it down inside the Pentagon .
An economist by training , he had begun at RAND as an analyst in the late 1940s , when Rumsfeld was still in New Trier High School .
Marshall was archetypical in the career - making fear and folly of the U.S. - Russian mirror - image rivalry .
He had been a protege of think - the - unthinkable , World War III theorist Herman Kahn , and then , via Henry Kissinger 's mentor Fritz Kraemer , had gone to work for Kissinger at the National Security Council -LRB- NSC -RRB- in the first Nixon term .
In 1973 , he moved on to the Pentagon where he presided over his own obscure nest , the Office of Net Assessment , from Rumsfeld I to II , while gradually gaining the reputation of resident genius of new war methods .
Discreet guru to reactionaries , ignored but thought untouchable by Democrats when in power , Marshall looked on as the Joint Chiefs not only spied on Kissinger 's arms control negotiations with the Russians , but also played an ardent supporting role in Nixon 's fall .
He subsequently signed on to Rumsfeld I 's denial of defeat in Vietnam and then , on RMA 's advent , used the concept to evoke ominous fears of a new Kremlin military prowess , justifying the orgy of Pentagon spending that took place during the Reagan era .
-LRB- Ironically , of course , Ogarkov in 1982 was arguing for a Russian response to a still largely prospective American escalation of weaponry and warfare . -RRB-
While the U.S. armaments spree of the 1980s paid for some new RMA developments , most of the expenditures fit snugly within the corrupt , obtuse old Cold War system , with America 's armed forces tailored to a lumbering Soviet threat in Europe , and no serious anticipation of the neo-insurgency wars that actually lay ahead .
As Marshall toyed with `` flexibility '' -- and the Joint Chiefs cherry - picked his conjuring of Moscow 's might for their own budgetary purposes , while ignoring the real import , and limits , of RMA -- the Cold War ended in the equivocations and evasions of Bill Clinton 's two terms in office and the low - rent , self - congratulatory installing of mafia regimes in Bosnia and Kosovo .
The gnome - like Marshall , well past retirement but a lionized witness before the missile - threat commission , hung on for Rumsfeld 's return .
The resulting history is far too close for much documented detail , though its silhouette is plain enough .
Summoning Marshall as soothsayer , Rumsfeld made RMA the logo of his determination to gain managerial dominance over the Joint Chiefs and the Pentagon bureaucracy , exactly the opportunity he thought he had missed 25 years earlier .
Under the old banner of a clash between a brave , beleaguered secretary of defense and the recalcitrant brass astride an impossible , `` glandular '' system , he held up the all - purpose , all - seasons ideal of Pentagon `` reform . ''
That `` reform '' movement was to be his ultimate takedown , his claim to greatness , and perhaps -- who knew in 2001 -- one last shot at the presidency .
Amid the inevitable claims of `` streamlining '' and `` modernizing , '' Democrats applauded and reporters gushed reflexively about Rumsfeld as a celebrity CEO and national quipster .
The willing ignorance , denial , careless trust , or craven acquiescence that marked the essential submissiveness of the political and media culture to Rumsfeld 's rule were only part of a larger , thoughtless national abdication of judgment and responsibility in the wars he would propel in both Afghanistan and Iraq .
In blindly striking out after 9 / 11 -- a reflexive , grandly opportunistic , richly self - satisfying political act in America -- without seriously understanding the politics or history of either country , he plunged the Pentagon into blundering , plundering occupations that made the nightmares of 2007 and beyond nearly inevitable .
That was the price -- in the utter absence of serious dialogue in the 2000 election or the first eight months of 2001 -- of the original uncontested surrender of foreign - policy power and initiative to such evident presidential incompetence -LRB- including the shocking ineptitude of NSC Advisor Condoleezza Rice and her staff -RRB- and the long predictable Rumsfeld - Cheney dominance .
All of it was plain in Washington soon after George W. Bush 's arrival in the Oval Office ; none of it was then questioned , much less challenged , by Congress , the remnant foreign policy establishment , or the mainstream media .
No democratic process so completely failed a test of substance as America 's after 9 / 11 .
No ensuing catastrophe was more consensual .
History will unravel only slowly Rumsfeld 's relationship to the neocons , who dominated the middle and upper reaches of his Pentagon , a relationship more complex than contemporary hagiographies or demonologies have had it .
Historically , he was their ally , patron , legitimizing figurehead , but never really of them , never a fellow ideologue , dogmatist , or slavish adherent to much of what they pursued .
In enlisting Wolfowitz , Perle and their train , he would use them , much as he used Marshall , as he had used so many before , as a means to what was so largely a personal , megalomaniacal end .
But that use , too , was characteristically heedless of substance and cost .
He opened government as never before to men who habitually , automatically assumed that U.S. and Israeli interests were identical , with no objectivity about American policy in a Middle East they scarcely understood to begin with .
Their ignorance and presumption were matched only by their zeal to cluster in decisive quarters of the new Bush regime where decisions of grand strategy , of war and peace , were now shaped and predetermined .
`` Like cancer cells , '' as eyewitness , Lieutenant Colonel Karen Kwiakowski , would describe them in action in Rumsfeld 's Defense Department .
Half - educated and fanatically loyal to the rote Israeli lobby view of the Middle East and the larger neocon craze for American post-Cold War global hegemony , they crowded the domains of the number three official at the Pentagon , Undersecretary of Defense for Policy Douglas Feith , whose career was a model of their kind and whose notorious Office of Special Plans was created as a fount for the fraudulent intelligence spurring the invasion of Iraq .
Historians will debate , too , the obvious blurred allegiance of what some call these American `` Likudniks '' with their utter conformity to the belligerent ultra-Zionist mentality of the Israeli right .
Never before -- not even in the post-World War II heyday of the powerful China Lobby with its formidable grip on Capitol Hill but not within the upper reaches of the Executive itself -- had so many of such uncritical adherence to the policies of a foreign power been so well placed in Washington .
As often in American politics and government , however , no conspiracies were necessary , though a Pentagon - Israeli lobby spy scandal has yet to be played out .
Unrelieved substantive shallowness , a perversely narrow sociology of knowledge , long - jockeyed - for power and career advancement , a grandiose parochial vision of a Pax Americana world nursed in a hundred forgotten think - tank papers and incestuous conferences -- all that as well imposed a stifling , disastrous orthodoxy on the administration .
Not least , they operated without the need to support their prejudices or delusions in authentic high - level debate , flourishing in their members - only domains of the Pentagon , the NSC Staff , and the State Department , enjoying exclusive channels of communication to the White House controlled by Cheney , and unchallenged under a President of uniquely closed mind .
As for Rumsfeld 's relations with his generals , the subject of veiled accusations of his heedlessness to dissent or running roughshod over warnings of serious problems , we actually know very little .
The calamity in Iraq has brought more public criticism by senior officers than any other war in American history , including Vietnam , but almost all of it hurled from the relatively safe seats of two - and three-star retirement -- and forlornly after the fact .
This much is clear :
No major Pentagon leaks , the time - honored Washington weapon of dissenting commanders , marked the run - up to the invasion .
There have been no public resignations in protest of his policies .
And the negligence , incompetence , and inertia of commanders in recognizing and coping with the insurgency , in dealing with scandals of prisoner abuse , inadequate equipment and more , have been all too obvious .
There is no evidence that any ranking American officer on duty pressed an intellectual or moral challenge to the unfolding debacle -- even after it was too glaring to be ignored .
As in so much else in his long record , Rumsfeld enjoyed , by Washington 's inimitable mix of careerism and cowardice , submission and opportunism , a large supporting cast in his folly .
Takedown
In the exhilarating dash to Baghdad in 2003 , none of the admiring gallery seemed to notice that Rumsfeld 's `` new '' military was largely the old one , `` reformed '' in name only ; nor did many note that the vaunted lean , mean machine of RMA and the again - lionized Marshall had no grasp of how profoundly political was the act of overthrowing 40 years of Ba rule ; how deeply political was the campaign to which so many American lives , so much of the country 's material and symbolic national treasures , would be committed .
Rumsfeld would take his victory tour in the Gulf that spring as if circling the mat after a stunningly swift pin .
What was his toughest call , trailing reporters asked -- part of the traditional garlands of victory tossed his way -- and how did he `` feel '' at such a victorious moment ?
It was hardly the time for the media , the seemingly omnipotent military , or the rest of government and the political culture to reflect on how much `` shock and awe '' depended on overwhelming force brought down on the near - defenseless , on how much the concept reeked of racism and colonial pretense - of natives on the scene and in the vicinity `` shocked and awed '' like Zulus pounded and panicked by the Queen 's own latest howitzers .
It was far too early for other questions -- about a force cosseted at the end of vulnerable supply lines , nicely photogenic in night goggles but without enough body armor ; about acronyms like IED that had yet to enter the vocabularies of either commanders or reporters ; about the familiar chase for medals and the absence of an enemy admitting defeat and ready to surrender -LRB- a missing essential of `` victory '' that would have much worried Maxwell Taylor -RRB- .
Unreformed , uninformed commanders , uninstructed beyond brief battles , led their charges into Iraq relying on their generals .
The generals relied on civilians .
The civilians relied on -LRB- or were seduced or bullied by -RRB- the neocons .
The neocons relied on their own ersatz expertise , Mossad insiders , and Iraqi exiles long out of touch with their homeland .
The exiles -- holed up in Baghdad palaces with U.S. - paid - for mercenary guards , ignorant and contemptuous of the Iraq that had passed them by , and where they were now powerless , even with the might of the Pentagon behind them -- relied on the Americans .
Rumsfeld , as always , relied on himself .
The ranks trusted him -- and political decision - makers -- to know and manage post-Saddam politics in Iraq to secure the victory as well as to provide the political setting that fulfilled the military triumph .
When they failed miserably , condemning the American force to a corrupt , untenable occupation and slow - wasting attrition of men and prestige , the debacle was complete .
Beyond Iraq were his other lasting legacies .
As no other cabinet officer in history , he turned over crucial , self - sustaining functions of his department to privateers and private armies .
He surrendered vital supply and commissariat services for the American military to profit - plundering contractors for whom U.S. forces were neither fellow warriors , nor even share - holders , but captive `` customers '' to be treated with the offhandedness afforded by guaranteed contracts .
He ceded security and combat functions essential to the national mission to a corps of thousands of hired guns whose qualifications , standards of conduct and ultimate loyalty -- all integral to the safety and success of American forces -- were beyond effective governmental control or measure .
-LRB- Exposed in a Congressional hearing February 7 , the scandal of the infamous Blackwell Security Corporation , shirking amid vast profit the arming and protection of its own ranks , would be only a glimpse of the larger disgrace . -RRB-
Not since the British hired hordes of Hessians to crush George Washington 's revolutionary army had a military force tracing to America been so utterly mercenary .
The potential direct and indirect levy on policy and the armed forces would not be known for years .
As no other cabinet officer in history , he squandered the integrity of his department and the unique , indispensable code of honor of its services .
He joined , and often led , the rest of an intellectually degraded administration , heedless of Constitutional and human rights , in violating the very heart of their ostensibly conservative convictions .
With the ready sanctioning , and then de facto cover - up of torture and abuse at Abu Ghraib , Guantanamo , and the less noticed but equally gruesome prisons at Bagram Air Base and elsewhere in Afghanistan , he changed , for untold millions , the symbol of America and its once - proud military from freedom and the rule of law to the unforgettable prisoner 's hood and shackles .
Rumsfeld 's impact would not vanish with terms of office or elections .
By the very nature of contracts , personnel practices , and imparted ethics -- some of Washington 's most permanent monuments -- his legacies would remain deep in the tissue and soul of the institution he was entrusted to lead .
At the end , a pathetic climax to his more than four decades either in government or imploringly on its threshold , there was only his hackneyed memo on Iraq policy -- leaked , even more pathetically , in an apparent attempt somehow to vindicate him after all .
Thus , he growled that the Iraqi regime , like some seedy wrestling team , should `` pull up its socks '' ; and , most poignantly , ever the politician conducting lethal policy as politics , he advised that Washington `` announce that whatever new approach the US decides on , the US is doing so on a trial basis .
This will give us the ability to re-adjust and move to another course , if necessary , and therefore not ' lose . ' ''
As he left office for the last time , it would be only the loss that mattered .
As a pathologically unfit president struggled to recoup his historic blunder , as the neocons and Israeli lobby pressed on a gullible media and restive but still captive Congress the myth of an Iranian nuclear threat , as the Navy and Air Force , lesser actors in the Iraq action , promised wondrous results in Persia , the chaos and ineffable danger were left to Robert Gates , the puffy courtier .
Weeks after Rumsfeld 's departure , history -- the little ever really known or understood -- was already being waved off , forgotten .
The past was too complicated and troublesome , too guilt - ridden and close to home , too filled with chilling consequences .
The worst of it was the most basic and damning .
Donald Rumsfeld and all he represented , all he did and did not do , came out of us .
The undertaker 's tally , including Iraq , was compiled at our leave , one way or another , at every turn .
His tragedy was always ours .
Roger Morris , who served in the State Department and on the Senior Staff of the National Security Council under Presidents Johnson and Nixon , resigned in protest at the invasion of Cambodia .
He then worked as a legislative advisor in the U.S. Senate and a director of policy studies at the Carnegie Endowment , and writes this Rumsfeldian history from intimate firsthand knowledge as well as extensive research .
A Visiting Honors professor at the University of Washington and Research Fellow of the Green Institute -LRB- his work appears on its website -LSB- 3 -RSB- -RRB- , he is an award - winning historian and investigative journalist , including a National Book Award Silver Medal winner , and the author of books on Nixon , Kissinger , Haig , and the Clintons .
More recently , he co-authored with Sally Denton The Money and the Power -LSB- 4 -RSB- , a history of Las Vegas as the paradigm of national corruption . His latest work , Shadows of the Eagle , a history of U.S. covert interventions and policy in the Middle East and South Asia over the past half - century , will be published in 2007 by Knopf .
Copyright 2007 Roger Morris
--
NOTICE : This post contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been authorized by the copyright owner .
I am making such material available to advance understanding of political , human rights , democracy , scientific , and social justice issues .
I believe this constitutes a ' fair use ' of such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107
`` A little patience and we shall see the reign of witches pass over , their spells dissolve , and the people recovering their true sight , restore their government to its true principles .
It is true that in the meantime we are suffering deeply in spirit , and incurring the horrors of a war and long oppressions of enormous public debt .
But if the game runs sometimes against us at home we must have patience till luck turns , and then we shall have an opportunity of winning back the principles we have lost , for this is a game where principles are at stake . ''
- Thomas Jefferson
If you 're Arlington County , you create a new vision for the boxy buildings and subterranean passageways in Crystal City that will be emptied by the federal Base Realignment and Closure Commission .
In place of the sterile monoculture that now characterizes the office complex near the Pentagon , members of an advisory task force see a more lively street - level scene with a greater mix of shops , restaurants and offices .
Writes WaPo reporter Annie Gowen :
-LSB- Board of Supervisors Chairman Chris -RSB- Zimmerman and others speaking yesterday said that the vounty sees the empty space as an opportunity to `` reimagine '' and `` brand '' Crystal City as an attractive destination .
Though close to Reagan National Airport and dense with hotels , the area has long been seen as a gloomy 1960s era enclave of offices connected by underground passages .
But parts of Crystal City have lately seen a rebirth , thanks to an influx of trendy cafes and a new streetscape ....
Charles E. Smith Commercial Realty , which owns 7.4 million of the 11 million square feet of office space in the neighborhood , has spent $ 40 million on improvements to enliven the streets and attract new businesses .
It turned Crystal Drive into a two - way main street and has recruited new shops and chic restaurants such as Jaleo and McCormick & Schmick 's .
Reading between the lines of Gowen 's story , however , there seems to be one big missing piece :
Housing .
Creating a livelier commercial district is a worthy goal .
But creating a balanced community with a mix of housing , offices , shopping and other amenities -- allowing people to live close to where they work and play -- is an even more worthy goal .
As Ed Risse has pointed out , the relocation of 17,000 jobs creates a rare opportunity to create a genuine balanced communities in Northern Virginia .
The problem , I surmise -- it 's not discussed in the story -- is that Arlington is concerned about protecting its tax base , which means replacing the vacated offices with new offices , not housing .
It 's hard to fault Arlington for pursuing its short - term self interest .
But everyone needs to recognize that Arlington 's decision not to pursue a balanced community means that housing will end up somewhere else , presumably in outlying counties .
And employees working in the buffed up Crystal City will wind up commuting long distances and clogging Northern Virginia thoroughfares .
And the cry for new transportation revenues will grow ever more deafening .
Right on .
Did n't I read somewhere that some of those office buildings were considered worn out and that they would be demolished and replaced rather than refurbished ?
Would that be an opportunity for more mixed use ?
Is it an example of `` existing infrastructure '' that is worn out and outlived its usefuleness ?
This post has been removed by the author .
Jim , minor point -
unlike most other Virginia counties , Arlington County does not have a Board of Supervisors .
It does have a County Board .
Members of the Arlington County Board are addressed not as supervisors , but as Board Members .
If Arlington has sufficient public infrastructure to support housing at Crystal City , adding housing to that area would be an excellent idea .
The question that the Arlington community needs to answer is : Whether the supporting infrastructure is sufficient ?
If not , what is the incentive for Arlingtonians to dig deeper in their pockets to pay for public infrastructure so that the housing does not get constructed in outlying counties ?
The funds run one way from Arlington , just as they do from Fairfax -- down to Richmond and then around the state .
Moreover , while I 'm sure that many people would enjoy the urban life of a newly revitalized Crystal City , many others would not .
Many people simply want to live in single family , detached homes that will not be available in Crystal City .
Further , any housing built in that area will likey be quite costly given the price of land and the costs to construct high - rise buildings .
Ray Hyde has persuaded me that we need to provide incentives for good quality , higher paying jobs to locate in outlying areas .
There probably are n't enough tax dollars -- even in the mind of John Chichester -- to fix NoVA 's transportation and other infrastructure problems that are , in large part , based on the high concentration of good - paying jobs here , along with a lack of both affordable housing .
Unless builders are going to supply affordable housing at a loss -- which , to me , seems absurd , there wo n't be affordable housing here without even more tax subsidies .
-LRB- Of course , every tax dollar spent on subsidizing housing is n't available for other purposes . -RRB-
That suggests sprawl will continue , as will the demand for more and more roads and other infrastructure .
Virginia needs balanced job growth .
In theory , the loss of these jobs presents an opportunity to do something different in terms of settlement patterns .
Perhaps to replace commercial businesses with housing and / or more balanced mixed - use .
Lots of questions here but I do agree .. just the potential concept is provocative ...
But , what would be the benefit to Arlington to do this ?
More specifically - what would be the benefit to those who already live and pay taxes in Arlington ?
What would Arlington have to provide in the way of additional infrastructure ?
-LRB- I 'm not sure that I would agree that more infrastructure would be needed for residential vs commercial but let 's explore it .
It would seem to be that if you took an office building in Crystal and converted it to apartments .. you 'd not have any more people -LRB- perhaps less -RRB- so you would n't need any more water / sewer capacity ... and ditto for parking places ... at least it would seem so -RRB- .
Ditto with commuting ...
instead of a hoard of folks `` in commuting '' from outer jurisdictions to Arlington every morning , would n't you have instead - more `` out '' commuting .
Finally , the folks who actually own the land - would they agree to a change in the zoning from Office Commercial to Apartment Residential ?
What would be the economics of this with respect to those who hold those properties as investments ?
It would seem - that Arlington and the other area jurisdictions have already had such a choice for years - and that they chose commercial development over residential - in effect - letting more remote jurisdictions figure out how to provide residential for folks who wanted to work in NoVa and commute to the outer suburbs to live .
To a certain extent - one could say that No Va jurisdictions have a responsibility to provide housing for those that work in the same area and NOT force workers to commute to outer jursidictions for housing in the first place .
In the end - every worker who , for whatever reason , ends up commuting ... that is one more person using the transportation network more intensively than those that live locally with shorter commutes .
So .. here 's a concluding thought .
What kind of an exercise would it be for each NoVa jurisdiction to total up the number of jobs in its boundaries verses the amount of housing within its boundaries .
Would we see a big disparity ?
I know where I live in the outer suburbs that there IS a big disparity in the opposite sense .
We have far , far more people in homes than we have jobs for them .
In other words a huge percent of our population are , in fact , NoVa commuters .
With respect to the jobs / housing question - I wonder what the totals would be for the entire NoVa area - all jursidictions with respect to jobs verses housing .
From an equity perspective - should jurisdictions provide as much housing as they have jobs ?
The mechanism for doing this would be zoning -
a certain percentage of areas would be reserved ONLY for residential development or areas designated for mixed use development would have a hard percentage cap on how much residential had to be part of the mixed - used proposal .
Or to turn this completely around - would folks support the right of any jurisdiction to zone entirely that jurisdiction for commercial / industrial ONLY and let outlying jurisdictions provide residential ?
In some respects , is n't that essentially what No Va jursidictions are doing - favoring non-residential development and letting other jursidictions handle the residential ?
Turning this on its head - what is the incentive for a worker in Crystal City to buy there ?
Most jobs now do n't last for decades - no one expects a career at a company any more .
I would n't buy a house for one specific job -
but if I bought at Crystal City , I 'd be locked in to that area .
What happens if my next job is in Silver Spring , or Leesburg , or Quantico ?
Am I supposed to buy and sell my house each time I change jobs ?
I 've been through six -LRB- high tech -RRB- jobs in the past 14 years - all while living at the same house , all good jobs and good career moves .
If I changed houses like the tech field requires you to change jobs , I 'd spend my entire life packing and unpacking .
Living where you work is one of those `` nice idea , not real practical '' kind of things .
Anonymous , you raise a legitimate point . People change jobs a lot ,
and no one can afford to move to a new house every time they get a new job .
That 's why people pay a premium to live in a central location --
it gives them proximity to a wider range of employment locations .
Larry , This is my personal conviction :
If local governments were not given the power to restrict housing development through zoning , a free market would provide a much better balance of housing / jobs / retail / amenities than what we have now .
The answer is less regulation , not more .
Jim : I believe in free markets as well , but I also hold that free markets are equally as free of economic subsidies as well as over - burdensome regulation .
What is the argument that letting people develop their property as desired without regard to the impact on existing residents and businesses is a free market ?
None of us would likely support the abolishment of all zoning as is basically the case in Houston .
Would we find it acceptable to allow the construction of a foundary in the middle of a residential neighborhood ?
What about building a 30 - story building in the flight path of Dulles Airport ?
Few of us would likely support that .
We have a serious problem with public infrastructure in areas of Virginia .
Few dispute that .
What we argue over is who is responsible to fund the necessary infrastructure ; to what amount ; and should people be permitted to build in the absence of adequate public facilities .
Reasonable people can answer these questions differently .
But , at some point , there is a question of basic equity that must be answered :
How much `` cost '' should society be able to impose on an existing resident / business so that someone else can use his or her property as they desire ?
Since we would n't permit the foundary to built in the residential neighborhood , we all effectively agree that there are limits to how much cost we are willing to impose on existing residents .
Stated alternatively , one does not have an absolute right to use his / her property as desired .
One question we might ask is : Who is the cost - causer ?
The answer is always going to be `` the newcomer . ''
One might also ask : At what point does it become unfair to load all of the costs on the newcomer ?
Few would likely argue that , because of the high forward - looking costs for constructing infrastructure , we should not permit any building in Virginia without the upfront payment of the total costs for constructing infrastructure .
That would be unfair .
But , at the very same time , is n't equally unfair to load all of the infrastructure costs on taxpayers -- especially given Virginia 's tax structure that takes much from NoVA and gives little back ?
One might be able to make a good argument that we could save transportation costs by building densely in NoVA .
But what about the other infrastructure costs that are then imposed on residents of NoVA ?
What 's in it for us ?
Re Dense Residential - See the article in today 's -LRB- 6 / 18 -RRB- WaPo .
It offers some interesting insights and observations , including the following : `` Gerald L. Gordon , president of Fairfax 's Economic Development Authority , said jobs will keep moving toward the fringes ,
because employers ' first priority is being near a qualified workforce , and residents continue to seek affordable , spacious homes and good schools in more distant communities . ''
More evidence that Ray Hyde 's `` we need more places '' theory has legs .
People who want to live in New York City tend to move there .
Why are we talking about spending billions of scarce tax dollars extending Metrorail when it is n't going to fix the transportation problems ?
BTW , check out the other story in the Post today about Fairfax County Supervisor Gerald Hyland 's involvement with a developer 's attempt to obtain huge conservation tax credits .
What else goes on between segments of the business community and the supervisors ?
re : WaPo article .
yes , agree it was excellent in describing the issues .
But I 'm perplexed ... as usual ...
`` because employers ' first priority is being near a qualified workforce , and residents continue to seek affordable , spacious homes and good schools in more distant communities . ''
I found this rather odd in that the concept of `` near '' is apparently perceived differently depending on whether you were an employer or an employee .
employers want to be `` near '' a qualified workforce but employees -LRB- note they use the word residents -RRB- continue to seek ... homes in more distant communities .
Unless I 'm not reading it properly ... it sounds like the employers ' concept of `` near '' is a very different concept than the employee 's concept of a `` near '' place to live .
Would n't one presume that the two concepts be the same ... that the employee would want to be near where a qualified workforce lives ... AND vice versa ?
Also ... discussed in BLOG was the idea that folks do n't want to move everytime they change jobs which is an excellent point but how does that explain folks who move to the outer burbs ... and then change jobs that requires even a longer commute ?
Are n't people who move to the outer burbs ... for housing .. locking themselves in to a less flexible situation the same way that someone would in trying to live next door to where they work because in both cases .. if they change jobs - they 've probably bought themselves a longer commute .
Is n't it curious the employers want to be near a qualified work force ?
Would n't that result in less travel rather than more ?
The other comment of interest was that most residents of mixed use communities do n't find employment there .
To the extent that some mixed use residents do find local employment that suits their skills , that is a good thing , and it will marginally reduce travel .
But we should not count on it as a panacea , and it does not conflict with the idea that we need more places .
`` Mixed use '' and `` more places '' are compatible ideas .
The article should put to rest the argument that Ed Risse and I have had about job growth .
His previous statement was that while the percet job growth in PW was high the absolute number was small .
Today we see that the absolute numbers are also higher .
If we choose to have a successful transportation plan then we should design the plan to meet the needs which will occur as a result of what is happening , rather than to meet the needs of what we wish would happen .
Otherwise you have to design not only a transportation plan but a way to change everyone 's decisions in such a way as to make it work .
Today 's article shows how difficult that is , so why choose a plan that is bound to fail ?
Metro will not ease congestion and it has n't done so for the last thirty years .
What it does do is allow more people to travel to some places than can be acommodated by highways .
It does that by offering a lower level of service and less comfort -LRB- standing room only -RRB- .
It might be that there is still sufficient reason to spend billions of scarce dollars on Metro , but easing traffic congestion is n't one of them .
We should evaluate the expenditure for what it does do and who benefits and assign the costs accordingly , if the expenditure is still reasonable .
Clearly , that does not include billing the tollroad users for Metro construction .
Making Route 7 sixteen lanes is probably just as bad an idea as Metro .
That is just another plan to take everyone to the same place , which we know will fail .
The difference is that those who use that route will have individually controlled climate , music , and seats .
And they can eat or smoke if they choose .
Aside from Gerald Gordon 's comments , you have Jay Fissette saying that we have not fully made the connection between land use and transportation .
I 'd say that most people have made the connection and that the one Jay is proposing is just wrong .
Then , of course , there is the apparently obligatory and generally clueless comment by Stewart Schwartz that such articles always seem to include .
In this case he makes the completely unsupported and obviously wrong statement that the conditions cited in the article leave everybody worse off .
If he wants to voice the opinion that the wrong people are making money in the wrong places , that 's different ;
but the claim that everybody is worse off is patently false and weakens the rest of his arguments accordingly .
As for conservation easements , do n't get me started .
When hundreds of organizations are founded to accept gifts from thousands of people , then stories like Hyland 's are inevitable .
If conservationists want to conserve land , then they need to raise the money and go buy it .
That means that they will need to set priorities as to what land is most worth saving and give up on the idea of saving 95 % of it , for free .
Or , we can come up with some method of providing continuing income to those that are already conserving the land .
A one shot , partial payment in the form a conservation easement can not possibly conserve the land forever .
Even when land is publicly owned , we ca n't count on conservation continuing .
Maryland has proposed selling land to raise money , Fairfax to support affordable housing , and The Vint Hill Economic Development Authority is arguably the largest developer in Fauquier .
In a situation where the public c n't afford to keep their lands clear , what chance is there for the private individual ?
re : infrastructure costs and newcomers
all things being equal .. a newcomer in NoVa needs infrastructure to support them in not very different ways that - that same newcomer in the outer burbs would need similar infrastructure -
and it IS the infrastructure costs that are much more at issue than density per se because discussions of density .. seem to always flow back to infrastructure and not focus on density itself as a good or bad thing .
If a newcomer did not have enough money to have a garage on their new house - people would be up in arms if their property taxes were taken to pay for that new garage
but apparently folks ' views of this become less clear if we 're talking about taking people 's money to pay for .. say a new classroom .. or a new library or fire station or traffic light or widened roadways .
I think property owners are willing for the most part to pay their fair share -
but if the growth rate is high - where there is a huge influx of newcomers then we have significant money issues .
For instance , our locality has to build a new school every year and I understand that Loudoun has to build several new schools every year .
Schools are over 70 % of our property taxes .
Without proffers - our taxes would have easily doubled and then some not to mention what would happen to the elected officials who approved those tax increases .
Everyone needs a place to live
but I will point out that when a newcomer buys a home twice and three times as big as the typical house in the outer burbs .. commutes solo in a -LRB- usually new -RRB- SUV 50 miles a day and then expects folks of much more modest means to pick up the infrastructure tab .. that there will be complaints .
`` Another way of looking at this is that if new folks had to pay their actual share of infrastructure costs - there would be less money for bigger homes and new SUV and long solo commutes . ''
And when we have all taxpayers picking up the tab for these infrastructure costs - there is no incentive on the part of the new folks - to make conservative financial decisions -
because , in essence , they are being subsididzed .
The more that each person has to pay their own fair share of infrastructure costs - the more it will impact the choices that have expensive consequences - for either them .. or for others .
I pointed out in another post the problems of planned communities .
There , the existing residents have not paid enough to support the common use land and common use infrastructure , with the result that these communities are now resorting to assessing additional fees , but only on newcomers .
In this case the newcomers are not causing any new requirements ,
but they are still being expected to pay a higher price than existing residents , and for facilites that were worn out -LRB- by existing residents -RRB- before the new residents arrived .
It seems to me that this exposes a critical weakness in what we psychologically view as fair .
I would agree with Larry if : a -RRB- existing residents were already paying enough to support existing infrastructure , which they are apparently not .
-LRB- At least that is a widely held belief . -RRB-
b -RRB- the additional costs -LRB- for proffers and such -RRB- over and above ordinary and sufficient property taxes were carefully examined to cover only the new and extraordinary capital costs associated solely with new residents .
That means that you can not blame the new residents for increased capital costs that are really in support of new desires or needs on the part of all residents .
Say crime is up 50 % so you need a new jail .
At the same time new residents are planned to be up 25 % .
How much of the cost of the new jail should the new residents pay ?
Are you going to hold them responsible for the 50 % of increased need that is due to existing residents ?
I understand Larry 's point ,
but I think it is intellectually too easy to be correct .
I particularly like this : Another way of looking at this is that if new folks had to pay their actual share of infrastructure costs - there would be less money for bigger homes and new SUV and long solo commutes .
That is absolutely correct ,
and it corresponds to EMR 's gloomy prediction that we will all face lowered expectations .
But what if the choice is a smaller home in the exurbs and a hybrid ?
It is a fine argument ,
but I do n't think we know anywhere near enough to actually and fairly assess the costs of new infrastructure , on the one hand .
On the other hand , if the newcomers pay for their own infrastructure , especially if we *require* them to pay for their own infrastructure , then we should not be too surprised if they claim to own it and wish to exclude us .
This has already happened with some gated communities .
They provided things like bike paths , and now the outside community wants connectivity to those assets without picking up part of the costs .
It is the same with riparian setbacks and other increased demands on private income or property .
I do n't see how we can expect it to be shared infrastructure that we all benefit from unless we share some of the costs .
At present , we ca n't even agree on what `` some of '' amounts to , let alone if it is a fair distribution .
What if the choice is between a larger home and an SUV in the exurbs or a smaller home and maybe no car in the inner areas , AND AT A HIGHER PRICE , including travel ?
Policy Soup hsa a comment on the same subject that says , `` I lived in Crystal City for many years after college .
The Underground was , and remains , the greatest feature .
The only drawback to Crystal City was no yards .
The location was great , but the place was too urban for anyone with a family .
The higher density development that has been going on there for the past five years or so is a crime -
you ca n't even cross the street on foot , everything is so congested !
So much for the `` pedestrian friendly '' model -
Arlington seems determined to kill pedestrians , forcing people who used to walk to drive two blocks like in Clarnedon due to overcrowding .
Let 's pray they stop compounding their errors , lest the whole place decline . ''
It may turn out that we need more space not just to live and travel , but to make way for difference of opinion .
re : newcomers / infrastructure / longevity
Well .. I do n't think infrastructure `` wears out '' in the usual sense but I do accept the premise for some things .
Roads and water / sewer are not replaced .
They are , instead , maintained .
Schools and Prisons and other buildings can eventually wear out and need replacement .
But I am talking about new infrastructure that would not be needed if an area was not experiencing growth .
All communities have CIPs -LRB- capital investment plans -RRB- for infrastructure - both replacement and but replacement infrastructure IS something that can be accomodated in an annual budget - much like figuring out how many buses the school system needs to replace - every year -
it 's a known calculation .
But new infrastructure is not because it depends on the RATE of growth
and I think there would be strenuous disagreement with the claim that `` That means that you can not blame the new residents for increased capital costs that are really in support of new desires or needs on the part of all residents . ''
because existing residents are not getting `` better '' levels of services but rather expensive measures necessary to simply maintain their existing levels of service .
Most communities would not willinging choose nor think fair that it is the existing residents ' financial responsibility to pay for new infrastructure for new residents .
Remember , we 're not talking about a new classroom to replace the older , worn - out one .
We 're talking about a new ADDITIONAL classroom .
posted by <$BlogBacklinkAuthor$> @ <$BlogBacklinkDateTime$>
Well , gasoline in Richmond has hit $ 3.00 a gallon , or just shy of it ,
and I spent $ 48 filling up the gas tank of my Jeep --
the most I 've ever paid for in my life .
I 'm not happy about it ,
but I do n't see high gas prices as a reason to start foaming at the mouth and chewing on the carpet .
Others feel less constrained .
The hysteria over rising gas prices has reached a fever pitch .
The economic ignorance of the sound bites and commentary I 've seen on national television knows no bounds .
Demagogues are calling for self - destructive taxes on oil company profits , oblivious to the reality that , in a capitalist society , profits are a critical signal that guide the flow of capital .
-LRB- 1 -RRB- If you confiscate Exxon Mobil 's profits , you reduce the capital available to the world 's largest oil company to invest in more exploratory drilling , new oil wells , new pipelines , new refineries , etc.
-LRB- 2 -RRB- If you tax oil industry profits , you also reduce the incentive for owners of outside capital to invest in new capacity .
Why bother if the profits will be taxed away ?
Here in Virginia , a semblance of sanity still reigns .
Gov. Timothy M. Kaine has not yet proposed anything as breath - takingly stupid as the proposals emanating from Washington , D.C. .
The Governor has said he will investigate reports of `` price gouging , '' which , given the fact that the the concept of `` price gouging '' is meaningless and impossible to define , means he will , for all practical purposes , do nothing ....
Which is exactly what he should do .
Nothing .
Virginians and Americans will adapt to higher gas prices if government does not interfere .
-LRB- The Governor also is considering applying for a waiver of federal regulations requiring cleaner gasoline be sold in Virginia 's major metro areas , but has not yet made a determination .
See the Times - Dispatch report .
Unfortunately , he 's sticking to his guns on trying to raise $ 1 billion for transportation projects without raising gasoline taxes -- a topic for another post .
As I have been hammering away relentlessly on this blog -LRB- See `` A World with One Billion Cars '' -RRB- , the world economy is moving from a 20 - year era of cheap petroleum to a plateau of more expensive petroleum .
This shift is driven by the combination of -LRB- a -RRB- escalating world consumption of petroleum , especially in rapidly developing economies like China and India , and -LRB- b -RRB- the peaking of global oil production capacity , the increasing expense of exploiting the remote and isolated oil reserves that remain , and terrorist / political instability in oil - producing countries .
This is not the oil companies ' fault .
This is not Dick Cheney 's fault .
This is not the auto industries ' fault .
It is not the environmentalists ' fault .
It 's the reality of geology and geopolitics .
The American public can adapt to the new global realities by changing their energy - intensive lifestyles ,
and politicians can help them by speaking honestly and forthrightly about why the price of gasoline is increasing , instead of demagoguing the issue for short - term political gain .
Here in Virginia , the General Assembly has been examining what Virginia can do to increase energy production .
That is OK , as far as it goes .
But there is nothing that Virginia can do to increase the global supply of oil , and probably little it can do to increase the petroleum refining capacity needed to convert oil to gasoline .
What the political and business leadership of Virginia has so far failed utterly to do is admit that Virginia is acutely vulnerable to oil price shocks .
Virginians consume more gasoline per capita than the national average , in part because our transportation policy is geared toward matching every increase in automobile travel with an increase in transportation capacity with no thought of modulating travel demand .
But reality is a stubborn thing .
With each increase in the price of gasoline , the bankruptcy of the old order becomes increasingly evident .
Let us hope that Gov. Kaine , who prides himself on straight talk , begins leveling with the people of Virginia .
Jim - You are right on the money about how capitalism works ,
so why not try to make capitalism really work for Virginia .
The future in transportation belongs to the nation , company or person who develops the alternative to gasoline powered automobiles .
Why not do everything we can to assure that future arises from Virginia ?
Rather than drilling for oil and gas off the Atlantic Coast , we should be offering enormous incentives for comapnies and individuals who want to work on alternative fuel solutions to locate their business here .
You can encourage R&D on alternative fuels with grants and tax breaks .
AND , you can work to increase supply .
The one and only oil refinery in the Commonwealth is nearby in Yorktown .
They could double their capacity without leaving the premises .
Why has n't the company applied to builf new facilities on site ?
By all means explore for oil and gas in the Atlantic .
Jim : Speaking seriously here , many families -LRB- including my own -RRB- have already cut back in every way possible .
What then ?
My office , home and children 's schools are all within a 6 mile radius .
Vacations are already a thing of the past .
We 've cut back on groceries .
I 'd trade the car on a hybrid ,
but it 's paid for
and who can afford a car payment what with mortgage rates being what they are and three kids ...
So , I ask seriously , what are average hard - working families to do ?
Andrea : How about a couple of hundred dollars ?
If the GA repealed the unnecessary sales tax from last year , then the average citizen would pick up some cash .
Or , the GA could actually cut the sales tax
and you would keep some more of your money .
Check out how much the Republican Senators want you to pay in other , new taxes too - to register your car , etc.
Jim : I like the graphic ,
it takes two arms and two legs to fill up our tank .
The only answer to cutting the cost of mobility and access is settlement patterns that require less vehicle travel and support more effecient shared - vehicles when one must resort to any vehicle .
That is what an understanding of Jane Jacobs suggested 40 years ago -LRB- not just in `` Life and Death ... but also `` The Economy of ' Cities ' . ''
Let us , honor Ms. Jacobs 's memory with an understanding of the need for Fundamental Change .
EMR
JAB - Got ta love it .
Yup , a couple of hundred dollars is going to save the day !
Jane Jacobs knew the difference between a community and a construction plan .
Was n't one of her main arguments that you can not plan everything , and you should allow communities to be what they are and what they become ?
Did n't she fight Robert Moses because he thought he had too much control over other peoples ' lives ?
Somehow I doubt she would have gotten on board with fundamental change if it involved massive central and regional planning .
Andrea , One option may be telecommuting a couple of days a week .
Other than that , here 's the hard truth :
There 's not much that average , hard - working families can do in the short run to cope with higher gas prices except hope that their paychecks keep pace with inflation .
What you should NOT do is support demagogic political ploys that make problems worse , not better .
In the longer run , you can support more pedestrian friendly , transit - friendly development patterns that give you and your family more transportation options .
You should support development patterns that allow compatible uses -LRB- houses , small office buildings , small retail shops -RRB- to be located close to each rather than scattered all over .
How much money could you save if you could get by with only one car instead of two ?
What would it mean if you lived in a place where your children could walk to school ?
Think outside the box .
Kingfish , I 'm all in favor of alternate fuels .
Converting biomass to ethanol seems to be one that is self - sustaining economically without massive incentives .
I 'd favor government - sponsored research to devise technologies that would make ethanol more competitive ,
but I do n't like the idea of subsidizing specific business enterprises .
Once you give them a subsidy , they never let go , no matter how much the world changes around them .
Witness the mohair subsidies put into place during World War II .
I tend to agree with Jim that markets function best , so long as no one has a finger on the scale .
Many believe that zone pricing , which is generally used by oil companies , is inconsistent with our antitrust laws -LRB- Section 13 of the Robinson - Patman Act -RRB- .
Others disagree .
Does zone pricing constitute a finger on the scale ?
If so , should the GA outlaw zone pricing ?
Toomanytaxes : Zone pricing is the mechanism the oil companies use to make sure that we pay the same price as people in states with higher gas taxes .
Only , we pay the extra few cents per gallon to them rather than into our state transportation accounts .
Considering the wide variety in local and state fuel taxes the near uniformity of the pump price across state lines is ... curious .
I was recently on the webpage for the Energy Information Agency
and their cost of fuel adjusted for inflation chart demonstates that we have been at $ 3 per gallon measured in 2005 dollars before .
It is about the historic peak in real prices ,
but it is hardly unprecedented , and not worth quite the hype or hysteria it is generating .
It is hard to imagine a company or a family that can not improve its efficiency and reduce consumption ,
and that is not a bad outcome at all .
Like you , Jim , I see the bright silver lining .
I seem to be getting more questions whenever I pull up in my hybrid .
One data point .
2:53 Why are gas prices often significantly different for the same brand between Prince William and Fairfax Counties and even at different locations within the same county ?
Zone pricing is trying to do much more than reflect different tax rates .
Take a look at the following link : http://www.gasbuddy.com/gb_gastemperaturemap.aspx
Assuming the general accuracy of the data underlying the map ,
differences in do not explain zone pricing .
Look at Arizona , for example .
There are much higher transportation costs in and around the Grand Canyon and much more competition in the Phoenix market .
Yet , Phoenix prices tend to be signficantly higher .
Ditto for taxes .
From what I quickly found on the Internet , total fuel taxes for the following four states are VA -LRB- 37.7 cents -RRB- ; Utah -LRB- 42.5 cents -RRB- ; NC -LRB- 45.6 cents -RRB- and Montana -LRB- 46.2 cents -RRB- .
However , both Montana and Utah have average prices that are significantly lower than either VA or NC .
There 's probably less relationship to costs and zone pricing than the oil companies want the public to believe .
I had a conversation with a friend the other day who owns an SUV
and he is n't worried about the price of gas because he travels less than 10 miles a day ..
yes ..
it 'll cost more ...
so he 'll have to cut back on his gourmet coffee ... two cups rather than three . :--RRB-
seriously - it 's about how far folks choose to drive and how folks define phrases like `` I must and have no choice '' .
It takes a hard knock for folks to take a hard look at things they always assumed could not change .
I predict ... lots of folks will be taking harder looks at whether or not choices are choices or no choice '' is truly no choice .
I know it happened during the gas crisis ...
and as bad as it is now - this is not as bad as then - though if $ 3 a gallon is in the rear view mirror and $ 4 a gallon on the horizon and coming fast ... we might think so ...
.. but I would bet that folks would choose -LRB- there 's that word again -RRB- $ 4 or even $ 5 a gallon rather than waiting in line for 3 hours only to find out the guy in front of you got the last tankful .
America 's love affair with the automobile is about to be revisted though I doubt seriously a divorce is anywhere near ... :--RRB-
sorry .. my attitude is grin and bear it ...
it 's sort of like coffee doubling in price ...
my property accessment going up 300 % -LRB- which it did -RRB- ...
... and today .. I paid $ 68 bucks to fill up my 89 Ford Van .
I got ta talk to Ray Hyde about that Hybrid .... he 's got ..
he said if he had to choose .. he 'd keep his truck ... :--RRB-
Did I really say that ?
That would be a tough `` choice '' .
With the truck I 'd have some chance of making money ,
but I 'd hate to have to drive it if it was n't working .
If you have to drive , the hybrid is a joy .
Dead silent , dirt cheap , reliable , little bit of capital cost detriment , sufficient power .
48 mpg if you drive at 75+ like a maniac .
I remember people sniffing at it , saying they would n't do it because the payback on capital was n't there .
I drone on about costs and benefits , but a -RRB- that 's not everything , and b -RRB- sometimes circumstances change .
I 'm going to have to send a letter to the guv'nor .
I have a bunch of vehicles and only use the appropriate one for the task at hand .
I need a portable license plate and insurance , otherwise the current `` tax '' plan is going to kill me .
I sure hope that those of you who think saving open space and farms will chip in and help out on this :
send a letter .
I do n't mind paying what it costs to drive or paying what I owe ,
but this is going to be whacked .
I suspect that overhead costs might have something to do with fuel prices .
That gas station in Fairfax is sitting on expensive land and paying high taxes .
Businesses are `` tax positive '' do n't cha know .
If people really do start making different choices , it 's going to be fun to watch real estate prices .
BTW 13 % more new home sales last year , in spite of higher rates ,
but prices were down 5k .
Time to demand another reassessment .
Ray Hyde : Taxes are indeed business overhead that affect retail prices .
But I still suggest that zone pricing has more to do with computer software and data - mining than actual costs .
posted by <$BlogBacklinkAuthor$> @ <$BlogBacklinkDateTime$>
MICHAEL JACKSON
MANCHILD IN A PROMISED LAND
by ROBERT J. LEWIS
He 's such an easy target , Michael Jackson .
He makes even the weirdest of the weird feel normal .
But unlike them , Jackson does n't try to hide the fact that he is easily one of the most screwed up beings on the planet .
Every time he checks in for yet another surgery , he is announcing to the world that he does n't know who he is , where he is going , and that he thoroughly loathes himself - at least the adult version .
And for his remarkable honesty , his most unprivate confessions , he is subjected to one public humiliation after another .
Who among us rock throwers would have the courage to reveal about ourselves what Michael has revealed about himself ?
Next to the towering monument that the unedited Michael Jackson is we are telephone booths ;
next to his singular guilelessness and candor , we are the multitude of the prevaricating and pusillanimous .
Everything Michael has done and said during the past 20 years has been against his own apparent self - interest , beginning with unrelenting surgical assaults on his erstwhile good looks , to hanging his child -LRB- and crotch for that matter -RRB- out to dry , to entering details of his bedroom antics into the public domain .
Like a typical Dostoievksy character , we can not account for the behavior if it were n't for an apparently overriding need to confess and proclaim -- over and against what the outside world wants to believe -- the truth of who we are .
The on - going spectacle of Michael 's increasingly bizarre conduct is his confession to the world that he is one spectacularly psychologically - challenged dude .
Like children who are incapable of dissimulating their basic wants and needs , Michael 's manner of being in the world is uncensored and spontaneous ,
and to such an unsuspected extent I propose he deserves to be considered one of the most authentic beings of this or any other century , and quite properly belongs to that exceptional society of authenticity - questers that would include Saint Augustine , Pascal and Heidegger .
The facts of Michael 's life have been well documented .
We know that by the age of 25 he was on top of the world .
Thriller had sold an unprecedented 50 million copies and Billie Jean had become the musical drug of choice in every corner of the world .
Not only was the song 's momentum and tension brilliantly crafted and fused , Michael 's riveting , counterpoint choreography - which remains unsurpassed -- revolutionized the way we simultaneously look at and listen to music .
Before disbelieving eyes , his torso , head and limbs supplied never - before - seen anatomical rejoinders to the notes -- like a guitarist filling in between the lyrics .
But from here on in , it would be downhill for the genre 's quintessential messenger , for Michael could no longer sustain the ' great lie ' he was living .
The child 's ' tin drum ' was beating ever louder in his head
and he intuitively understood that he was developmentally under - equipped to handle the adult pressures of stardom .
Far more compelling than the promise of even greater fame and fortune was the example of Oskar , from Gunther Grass ' The Tin Drum -LRB- 1959 -RRB- , which tells the story of a boy who refuses to grow up , who , through his drumming , rejects the adult world and the horrors taking place in Nazi Germany .
Like Oskar , Michael had witnessed firsthand the abominations of adult behaviour and refused to sign up .
From his earliest years , Michael Jackson was subjected to both extreme psychological and physical abuse at the hands of his status - obsessed father , who designated Michael as the vessel into which he would mercilessly pour the acid of his unrealized ambitions .
To this single end , Joe Jackson was ruthlessly single - minded .
Michael was terrified of him , whose mere presence could induce nausea .
At the age of 5 , the father yanked the son from his pail and sandbox existence and made him run Hollywood 's grimmest gauntlets .
The little mouse that Michael was suddenly found himself in the rat race and quickly learned to hate it ,
and like Oskar , who found respite in the beating of his tin drum , Michael found solace on stage , performing his music .
But the stage could not provide Michael with immunity against the constant encroachment of the adult world .
Listen to his rapid breathing in especially Off the Wall and Thriller : the staccato - like panting of a stalked animal , the desperate breath of human panic , and his small boy 's voice hiding behind the mesmerizing slash and blur of arms and legs fending off an invisible attack .
From one track to the next , the lyrics are n't so much sung as frantically whispered , the vowels cut short to the quick .
Michael was announcing that he could no longer follow the course Father and Hollywood had staked out for him , that the disparity between his real self and the role he was thrust into had reached unsustainable incommensurability .
Only the child within could save the defenceless adult from the depredations of the adult world ,
and from this point on , Michael would reduce the project of his life to letting the world know the truth of who he was : a confused , fragile , lost soul in search of care and love .
By the time Michael had attained mythic status , he was so far removed and alienated from himself , he would have to shed , over a period of 20 years and still counting , one skin after another before his true self could begin to emerge .
As we might expect from someone so radically self - estranged , the result has been nothing less than a metamorphosis .
Michael 's journey of self - discovery is a work in progress like no other because it increasingly depends on the accommodation of two irreconcilables : the child and adult as one .
More revealing of itself than its favorite target , public opinion has not seen fit to grant Michael the inalienable right to his confused mental state and ' off the wall ' comportment .
If most people subscribe to the notion that black and white are not only skin colors but states of mind , why are we baffled or offended when Michael , who was introduced to the white ways of Hollywood at the age of 5 , tells us that he is n't sure what his true color is ?
Robbed of his childhood , abused by a psychotic father and then prematurely subjected to the adult pressures of the entertainment world , why are we surprised to learn that Michael does n't want to grow up , that he prefers the company and community of children , that he wants to be protected and looked after ?
Every time the androgynous Jackson goes under the knife he is crying out that he does n't know if he is man or woman , child or adult , black or white .
As if we would have done otherwise in his situation ?
And to the never - ending suspicion that Michael is a child abuser , what crime has been committed when two experimenting 11 - year - olds fool around sexually ?
If you believe that Michael has the mentality of an 11 - year - old , -LRB- and there has n't been much evidence to the contrary during the past 20 years -RRB- he should not have had to defend himself against accusations of child molestation .
Was it in defense of perversity or his incorrigible innocence that convinced him that it was OK to reveal that he shared his bed with children ?
More questionable , even criminal , than Michael 's alleged fooling around with other kids , were the parents who allowed , even encouraged their children to sleep over and perhaps share the same bed with someone whose sexual predilections have been suspect since 1991 .
On June 13 , 2005 , the courts found Michael not guilty of the charges brought against him .
However , those whose minds were decided on his guilt before the trial began will not be changed by the verdict , just as Michael 's essential nature will not have changed .
Mahatma Gandhi writes that ' There is a higher court than courts of justice and that is the court of conscience . '
Only Michael knows if he is sexually attracted to children , and beyond that , if he has ever acted on those feelings .
And if we grant him the mental age of an 11 - year - old , who has nonetheless conventionally fathered two children , Michael is then a child trapped in an adult body .
Which means the crowning act in his quest for authenticity awaits one final operation .
What does a man do when he feels , acts and responds like a woman trapped in a man 's body ?
He undergoes sexual reassignment surgery and hormone therapy in order to become who ' she ' is .
There remains one final procedure that will totally liberate the child that Michael is .
When Michael finds the courage to act on what his duty toward other children demands -- submit to voluntary neutering -- which will be tantamount to his final confession , the saving grace and glory that is his Neverland will become his forever land .
Tennessee Williams has said for all time , `` there 's not enough kindness in the world . ''
And I say this to you , Michael Jackson , may your tribe increase .
Baker 's Stupidity , Al Hakim 's Straying , and the Ignorance of Arab Leaders .
Baker Asks for Fair Distribution of Oil Returns .
It is known that America steals oil returns , or that most of it falls in the hands of Safawis and Kurds .
How can the unjust be fair ?
And how could the thieves distribute fairly to others what they have stolen ?
Did America come to Iraq , other than to loot its oil wealth ?
Baker also asked for the dismantling of the militias .
Who can do that , when the whole American army failed to ?
Even the Iraqi police and the Iraqi army are a branch of the Badr militias , implementing Al Hakim 's sectarian program to cleanse Iraq of Sunnis .
In spite of Baker 's admission that Syria and Iran play a role in supporting the militias and the rebellion , and his admission that Iran considers it in its interest for the United States to submerge itself in the quagmire of Iraq , he asked for cooperation with and negotiation , as if the goal were the attempt to consolidate their efforts to eliminate resistance without affecting the general security in Iraq .
Reality highlights the contradiction between the givens Baker admits and the results he is seeking to achieve .
Baker also considers it necessary that the Iraqi government move to achieve tangible progress , forgetting - or ignoring - that it is incapable even of protecting itself , and that it is a sectarian government implementing its own agenda which is inflaming sectarian war in the country .
Baker asserted that the other security needs of the United States and the future of its army can not remain hostage to the Iraqi government 's actions or its incompetence .
This is a proof that the US army should escape from Iraq , whether the situation in Iraq improves or deteriorates
Baker asked for the return of Arab Baathists and Nationalists to the national life , with the symbols of Saddam Hussein 's regime .
The United States should encourage the return of qualified Iraqis , Sunnis , Shiites , nationalists , former Baathists , or Kurds , to the government .
For years , we have all followed this feverish interest of the Western powers , led by America , in Sudan and the events and conflicts that are happening there .
We have followed this international intervention to reach a solution to the problem of the south and the war that has been going on there for more than 20 years .
This intervention resulted in a peace agreement with unfair conditions that are considered a prelude to the separation of the south from the north and the creation of a Christian state in the south .
This feverish race did not quiet down after the signing of the agreement and its entering into the implementation phase , but it looked for another front to exploit in order to achieve its objectives .
That front was the -LRB- Darfur -RRB- region .
America and the major powers accused what they call -LRB- the Janjaweed Militias -RRB- of Arab origin of carrying out mass killings with the support of the Sudanese government , and launching a genocidal ethnic war against other tribes of African origin .
Even though they are all Muslims and the conflicts between the tribes in the -LRB- Darfur -RRB- region are old , all because of the encroachments made by shepherds on the fields of farmers to feed their flocks , the conflicts are settled by traditional councils whose decisions are binding on both sides .
In spite of all this , the imperialist forces , led by America , have invented an ethnic war and incidents of rape committed by Muslims against other Muslims and Muslim women .
These countries have taken it upon themselves to defend the rights of those oppressed Muslims against their oppressor brethren who are also Muslims .
If we know with certainty that America and Europe unceasingly wage war on Muslims and exterminate them every place on earth their hands can reach , what interest do they have in the case of -LRB- Darfur , -RRB- coming to intervene in defense of a group of Muslims ?!!
This is a puzzle .
The Special Force for Road Safety in the Qusaim district , Um Sedra Center , was able to arrest a Saudi person and another person of Arab nationality , after the second had smuggled a very large quantity of prohibited amphetamine pills , numbering more than 397 thousand pills inside his Mercedes car at exactly three in the morning , thinking that the early hour would help him go past the road guards on his way to Riyadh .
But the alertness of the road guards prevented the passing of this quantity on to our youth .
This is considered one of the biggest caches seized in the district .
The details of the case , after the arrest of the first person in whose possession were ten pills of the same kind that were seized , are that while there was no relation or connection between the two arrested men , the car was going back and forth between the Kingdom and his country , which made the road guards suspicious of a concealed matter .
Accordingly , the 1997 Mercedes vehicle was searched .
Plastic bags were found in the front and back doors , numbering 397 bags , each containing a thousand pills .
Immediately after they were seized , the arrested men were handed over directly to the Drug Combating Department .
He -LRB- Nasrallah -RRB- can raise his voice with curses , abuse and selected insults and no - one can keep up with him .
He says something and its opposite at the same time .
He excels in raising suspicions against his opponents and fabricating rumors to discredit them yet at the same time he states that he rejects any defamation of a Lebanese personality .
-LRB- .. -RRB-
He has refused the advice of friends and brothers and any intervention , by which he means Arab countries , and he is the one who receives huge funds and weapons from Iran , but does not consider this interference in Lebanese affairs .
He is the one who stood on March 8th , just a few days after Prime Minister Hariri was martyred , to declare his loyalty to Syria which left Lebanon , carrying with it the accusation of assassinating the martyred president .
-LRB- .. -RRB-
He alone decides to undertake momentous decisions such as decisions of war and peace .
He engaged in the kidnap of two Israelis at a very bad time , at the height of the summer season , and was also responsible for Lebanon being destroyed economically .
He orders Shiite ministers to resign in order to topple the government and threatens to appoint a new government as if he were the one ruler of Lebanon .
So where is the partnership ?
Hizbollah 's secretary - general accuses some elements of March 14th of being in contact with the Americans to prolong the war against Hizbollah .
If his intelligence has reached such a degree of supremacy , why does he not disclose to us who assassinated Prime Minister Hariri , may God have mercy on him ?
-LRB- .. -RRB-
Mr. Hassan Nasrallah has become the one who hands out certificates for patriotism , treason , cleanliness and filth .
And it is he who decides who is qualified to hold the premiership and who is not ; what a unique and strange personality this person is !
He asked for a judicial panel to be set up to look into what he has been accused of .
We now insist on an Arab - Lebanese judicial panel being set up to try him and hold him accountable for the many mistakes he has committed against us .
Indian newspapers published a human tragedy and a moral scandal of the temporary tourist marriage called " Mutaa " , which some Arab Shiites in India have been practicing for years .
They go to India every year .
They are elderly and they have money , and they marry poor , young Muslim girls .
After a month , the husband flees and returns to his country , abandoning wife and children , particularly if the wife is pregnant .
He even gives them false information about his address , so that he can run away from responsibility for the children .
One of these people continued to marry every year , for more than twenty years .
The last time he married a girl that turned out to be his daughter from his first tourist marriage in India .
The problem turned into a tragedy and a scandal for Muslims and Arabs in the Indian media .
This kind of spurious marriage , which takes advantage of girls ' poverty , caused awful human tragedies .
Many children produced by this marriage live without any identity , nationality or support .
Some countries imposed strict rules to protect girls from this type of injustice , by imposing harsh restrictions on marriage to foreigners .
In behavior that is strange to Saudi society , known for its rejection of all forms of violence , the Sports Center in the Kingdom circulated , with great pain and bitterness , an article that a Saudi sports forum had published for one of its members , in which he presented his plan to kill colleague Fahd Al Roqi , the sports journalist in the sister publication , " Al Riyadh . "
He asked for four people to help him to carry out his plan , and he explained in the forum the style of the operation in an accurate and detailed way , in addition to the weapon to be used and the assault operation .
This member had justified his threat against Al Roqi as the result of the suppression of Nasrawi fans of the injustice inflicted upon them , and of Al Roqi 's statements towards them , and the Al - Hilali media flipping the facts in its team 's favor , which harms the interests of Al Nasr , and what happened in the match between Al Hilal and Al Nasr in terms of events and unfair refereeing favoring Al Nasr - as he stated .
The colleague , Al Roqi , refused to comment on this issue on the " kooorah " website , asserting that he constantly receives threats via mobile text messages or unknown calls .
For their part , the Saudi crowds expressed through their forums their rejection of such things , calling for enthusiasm and reactions not to be accepted and threatening people 's lives due to football games , the goal of which is to entertain the youth and create honorable competition .
The question that arises , is what is happening a beginning of sport riots that might develop into something with bad repercussions ?
And who is responsible for such matters ?
The club administrations and the media should stand firm against those who want to take the Saudi sports backwards .
In a press interview , the Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said that major democratic countries with nuclear capabilities , such as the United States , France , Russia and Israel , do not threaten to exterminate and crush states and nations .
Olmert was referring to Iranian President Ahmedinejad 's statements about wiping Israel off the map ... but what is significant here in these statements is the mention of Israel as one of the major countries in the nuclear club , although this is not true from a procedural point of view .
However , this is the first time an Israel official , represented in the form of the Israeli Prime Minister , has formally mentioned that Israel possesses nuclear weapons .
While this came as no surprise to everyone near and far , this announcement disturbed and angered various Israeli forces , some of whom went about calling for Olmert 's resignation .
Since Israel started its nuclear program in the sixties with French assistance , it has been shrouded in mystery .
Voices emerged out of Israel strongly denying the existence of any Israeli nuclear weapons on the basis that no nuclear test explosions had been conducted inside Israel .
This is where an Arab stance was needed but everyone greeted the news coolly and calmly , as if the whole issue was of no concern to us , whether closely or remotely , or as if Israel were located at the North Pole .
An issue such as this really calls for an Arab position to be taken and anger to be expressed but it is as if Arab anger towards Israel is not allowed and is something that is forbidden to us .
The least requirement is to engage the international community in pressuring Israel into signing the nuclear nonproliferation treaty , which the majority of Arab and Islamic countries have signed , including Egypt and Iran .
There are some bad habits that a great majority of people have .
They think there is no harm in them , and that they are even good habits , though they might put our health on the edge .
We can mention some of them in brief below :
drinking tea after eating .
It is known that tea contains tannin , a substance that inhibits the absorption of iron by the intestines , which deprives the body of it .
Consequently , the body could become anemic .
There is no doubt that tea is beneficial at more than one level , but we should be cautious of excessive drinking of it , as its detriments could outweigh its benefits
It is better to drink tea outside of meal times .
As for the quantity , it ranges from two to three cups per day , no more .
Whoever drinks more , has only himself to blame .
Using frying oil over and over .
Frying oil repeatedly makes it oxidize and , as a result it releases compounds that are harmful to the body , especially to the arteries .
Moreover , research has shown that these compounds play a role in causing cancer .
The best thing that can be done is to throw away oil after frying in it for the first time .
Some try to add new oil to old oil .
This is like the saying " pouring oil on fire . "
Adding salt to meat before it is grilled .
This habit is very bad , because salt absorbs water from the meat , and this drains the minerals and vitamins from it , particularly iron .
Meat should first be grilled and then the salt added to it .
In spite of the depressing scene engulfing the Arab world with its wars and crises , the balance of terror and the fear of escalating wars and crises may motivate those concerned into trying to find a way out of them , after each side has become aware of the dangers of escalation and the impasses ahead .
The past six years have seen the greatest degree of military escalation and political aggravation in all the crises in the Middle East , and neither escalation nor aggravation has helped achieve the specific agendas of any side that has worked to provoke or inflame these crises .
Without a doubt , the American administration is primarily responsible for igniting new crises or failing to put out old ones in the region .
Six years have passed during which first Sharon then Olmert , and with great support from Bush 's administration , used the highest degree of Israeli violence against the Palestinian people yet could not subjugate the Palestinians or put an end to their resistance .
The Israeli military apparatus also conducted an all - out offensive war on Lebanon , with the open support of Bush 's administration , and did not succeed in achieving its goals in spite of the widespread destruction it created .
As for Iraq , it has seen and continues to see the greatest degree of American military embroilment in the Middle East for the first time in the history of the region , which will have a profound effect on the fate of American interests and the future of Arab - American relations .
And many political and security crises will replicate from the womb of these wars in the lands of Palestine , Lebanon and Iraq , the most obvious of which is now the risk of sectarian , ideological and ethnic conflicts , in addition to conflicts relating to politics and the competition for power and authority , and at times even for opposition .
As a woman who sees herself as belonging to a conservative society , I have lived for many years of my life in ignorance of this world ...
My knowledge about male interests and their level of thinking and thought was limited to " what I saw " from my male relatives ... a small number I compared a whole world to ...
I began to read and think ... and found that the circle was wider than I had thought ...
My reading broadened ... and as it did , so did my wonder !
The relationship between men and women has never , in my opinion , been one of conflict ... also in comparison to my little world .
We might have a few lighthearted clashes ...
But I never thought there would be people on this earth who would embrace these ideas as belief !
I have read a lot about the marginalization of women ... their degradation ... their undervaluing ... by Arabs and foreigners ... by Muslims and disbelievers ... by the ancients and contemporary people .
Such talk would be met with anger and counter-attacks by some women ... by evasion and disregard by some ... and submission and defeat by others .
I have read a lot of proverbs that belittle women ...
But I have never read a proverb by a woman making fun of men ... how sensible women are ! :-LRB-
What is even nicer is that I did not find an offensive proverb about women by people whose intellect , knowledge , ideas and religion I value !
And if something like that came out of one of them at some moment ... they would quickly express regret and apologize !
We have lived for many years hearing , seeing and reading comparisons between men and women ...
It has come to be a received fact for some ...
Others dare to act upon some legal proofs to confirm men 's superiority over women in every aspect ... without exception ! Until we almost started to believe this .
This was how it was years ago ... until the worldwide web -LRB- internet -RRB- came !
I have navigated the depths of this sea for seven years .
And I still do ... dropping my anchor one day and raising it another . Facing clear , calm days ... and facing storms and hurricanes .
In the British Embassy in Egypt .. British Prime Minister Mr. Tony Blair stood .. and declared , after his meeting with President Mohamed Hosni Mubarak .. that the time has come to end the suffering of the Palestinian people .
Mr. Blair did not tell us that his British state was the one that created the tragedy , and that it is the first and last reason for this suffering ..
Our new generations , who do not read and do not understand .. would say how ..
To them we say that the people of Palestine were living safely and securely in their country , which was a Syrian province under Ottoman Sultanate rule ..
Britain came , and with it France , and engaged in a war with the Ottoman Sultanate .. to end the Islamic Caliphate ..
It used the Sharif of Mecca , Al Hussein Bin Ali , and his sons , Abdullah , Faisal , and Zaid , in a revolution they called Arabic in the National Geographic Region of Syria .. under a deceitful tempting promise that it would crown Al Hussein Bin Ali as King of the Arabs ..
The Syrians trusted the simpleton Sharif and revolted with him ..
So the Ottoman Sultanate and the Islamic Caliphate ended ..
Britain , and with it France , entered Syria .. which it had divided in advance , during the war and during the revolution , with its partner France in an agreement the Englishman Sykes made with the Frenchman Picot ..
Iraq and Palestine went to Britain , and Syria and Lebanon went to France ..
And during the war , the English Foreign Minister , Mr. Balfour , gave his promise to create a national homeland for the Jews in Palestine .
I want my voice and the voice of every citizen to be heard , male and female , who cares about the reputation of Medina , in the form and substance of our Muslim moral values , of what we the people of Medina , neighbors of the Messenger of God -LRB- Peace Be Upon Him -RRB- , see . ... because it makes the heart bleed and brings tears to the eyes ...
what we see on this street depresses us .
Unfortunately , it has turned into a street for immoral youth gatherings which distort the public image this street has .
It is called Sultana Street
In the past , it was a breathing space for the people of Medina .
It is very important because it has shopping malls , stores and restaurants .
The people of Medina come here on Wednesdays , Thursdays and Fridays .
But now , it has become unbearable and we ca n't go there even if we have our men with us .
So we have to make do with small restaurants and shops faraway from this street .
There are groups of youths on the sidewalks and as for their clothes , one feels too embarrassed to look .
I feel like their pants are about to drop as they 're so low down on the waist .
All they care about is finding women and harassing them .
Even a married woman walking with her children is not safe from their harassment .
I swear , some groups of young people set up teams to skate on the sidewalk and street and go between cars on what they call skateboards .
I blame the honorable Consultative Council .
The Consultative Council .. with its size ... and its great position .. even with the great position and quantity of knowledge of its members ..... left behind the most important education problems .. and focused on a subject some consider important , sensitive , and decisive in the educational process .... that is , introducing -LRB- the subject of physical education for girls -RRB- .
It left the problems of -LRB- transferring female teachers , their promotion , improving their level , appointing them in their districts , the problems of transportation and roads which face the expatriates among them , the road accidents which grieve us every day and in which we lose our dearest friends , etc. , and many other problems facing the education sector ..... -RRB-
I wish they had discussed the introduction of nutrition awareness and mental health subjects , so the girl would at least get to know herself , and to know how to deal with psychological problems , the most important of which are shyness and low self - confidence ?
Physical fitness for girls , is it useful ?
And what is its goal ?
The boys , and when they were boys ....... what did they benefit ... -LRB- bellies and chests , -RRB- thanks to Mr. Hamburger and .... Ms. Potatoes .
The problem is that the physical and psychological structure of the girl .. is different from the boy .. .. and she can not bear what a boy can bear .
Let me assure you of something .
A girl actually exercises .. all the time ... from her entry into school until she leaves it ...... without ... special gym and fitness classes ;
So shall we exhaust her tender body with another sport ?
Iraqi police sources said today , Monday , that a group of gunmen , whose members were wearing security forces uniforms and driving official cars , were able to steal one million US dollars in downtown Baghdad .
And a security source told the independent news agency Voices of Iraq that " Three new pick - up trucks , similar to the vehicles of the Iraqi security forces , driven by around 20 gunmen wearing National Guard uniforms , blocked two cars in Al - Sadoon street in downtown Baghdad . "
He added that " The two cars carried four employees of the Middle East Investment Bank who were carrying one million dollars . "
And he indicated that " The two cars were on their way to deposit the sum at the Iraqi Central Bank on Al - Rashid street in downtown Baghdad . "
And the source revealed that the gunmen " kidnapped the employees , took the million dollars , and the two cars and escaped to an unknown destination . "
And he said that " The employees work at the Al - Alawiyah branch of the Middle East Investment Bank , and it is a national bank . "
It is worth mentioning that Sadoon street , where the incident occurred , is in the center of the capital , Baghdad , and is considered one of the most important commercial streets of the city .
The street always has heavy traffic activity and has a number of Iraqi security forces checkpoints on it .
And what makes the security measures on Al - Sadoon street even more intense is Baghdad Hotel which is one of the important hotels in Baghdad .
It is located at the middle of Al - Sadoon street and has intensified security measures , such that it is surrounded by concrete walls , barbed wire , and dozens of security men .
Recently , Baghdad city witnessed two similar incidents .
One of them targeted one of the governmental Rafidain banks in Al - Amiriyah district in western Baghdad , when gunmen wearing Iraqi security forces uniforms again broke into the bank and stole the money that was there .
The second incident occurred in the high - class city of Al - Mansour last year when a group of gunmen blocked an official car carrying hundreds of thousands of dollars and seized it after killing a number of security men guarding the car .
Peace be upon you .
What I want to talk about in this topic is the increase in the price of everything without exception .
Is it theft or is it a genuine increase which is subject to the circumstances that caused the increase ?
Everything has doubled in price and no one is keeping an eye on it .
What 's strange is that when I asked someone why the price of agricultural materials has increased when most of it is produced locally , he answered me , " Visit the wholesale center and you 'll discover that those who are increasing the prices are a bunch of " tapeworms " who raise the prices without anyone keeping an eye on them " .
So where is the Ministry of Trade to give us the main reason for these increases in all goods ?
What is strange is that engine oil is priced but the real price is n't anything like it , I mean the company steals in broad daylight .
One of the oil sellers told me that the posted price is just a suggested retail price and not the real price and that you have to buy in bulk to get the real price .
So who is responsible for this ?
And how can any employee with a salary that 's barely enough to live on cope with these unjustified increases ?
So who is responsible ?
By the way , in order to protect its citizens , a neighboring state announces the price of merchandise daily over the radio or by printing the prices in one of the newspapers .
So what is the Ministry of Trade doing to protect us from traders ?
In spite of the crimes and atrocities that the United States is committing under the leadership of Bush , the number one terrorist in the world and his gang of Zionists , this hoodlum continues to insist that the world has become safer after all this destruction and killing of Muslims and the innocent everywhere .
It is obvious from reading about all these events that we find that the American pirate is looking for an exit from these successive defeats and from the blows that assail them from all directions .
The American giant and mighty colossus has become a frightened mouse thanks to the Islamic resistance in Afghanistan and Iraq , and through the cheap and superficial settlement of the Palestinian question with the participation of Abu Mazen Mirza and the Zionist entity in exchange for a calendar of promises that aim ultimately at the repression of the Palestinian resistance .
That is why Condoleezza Rice 's visit to Egypt , Saudi Arabia and the countries of the region comes at this time .
The carrier of firewood comes .
On her agenda is a set of proposals and directives supported by Israel , intended to offer some concessions , the most important of which is to choke and besiege the resistance in order to make the Zionist project , the so - called New or Greater Middle East , succeed , particularly after the American - Israeli fears resulting from the Israeli defeat in the latest war in Lebanon , and the rise in the stardom of the resistance which has become a popular heritage after we swallowed cups of humiliation and shame from America .
Thanks to this resistance , the balance of power has changed .
The birth of the New Middle East has faltered , and died before it was born with the mounting defeats in Afghanistan , Iraq , Lebanon and Somalia , and after that in Sudan and Iran , God willing .
Similarly , it is no accident that Rice 's visit to the region is timed to coincide with Egypt 's undertaking to convince the Sudanese government to accept the deployment of international forces in Darfur .
Matchstick .
I am sorry if I am bothering you , but I found your email on the blog , and I need you to relay my question to whoever can answer .
God 's will for me was that I was in an accident in Riyadh four months ago .
Thank God , I was not hurt .
When the security patrols arrived , the other party was held 100 % responsible for the accident .
The other party carried a card for insurance under the name Salamat Program .
After assessing the accident , the amount of compensation amount was set at 10,000 riyals .
From the date 7/25/2006 , and until this moment , I have been requesting this amount from the insurance company .
To this day , I have not seen one riyal .
I found nothing but procrastination and evasion .
Each day , they say call tomorrow , that is , if you find someone to answer your call .
The question ?
To which government authority should I file my complaint in order to get all that is my due without procrastination and evasion from the company ?
Should I complain to the Office of the Ombudsmen , or the Chambers of Commerce , or ,
I hope to find a solution through you , knowing that the company is called the United Group for Cooperative Insurance , and its headquarters is in Jeddah .
I thank anyone who tries to help me .
God grant us success .
Who in the construction company is robbing us ?
Who is developing Riyadh at our expense ?
Is the construction company a charitable company so that it should provide the Riyadh area with services at its own expense and without any economic feasibility ?
Does it make sense that a real estate company with a capital of one billion ca n't make 10 % of its capital ?
I mean , if you gave that sum to an uneducated Indian caretaker , he would make at least a 10 % profit from rentals .
Other real estate companies make at least 30 % a year from their capital .
These guys have set up a charity with our money or they 're sharing out the 20 % in an indirect way !!!
My God , it 's terrible that we should put our trust in thieves like these and I think we should stop keeping quiet and expose them ...
Do these thieves think we do n't know what they 're doing and how they 're stealing ? And who is robbing us behind our backs ?
We thought they would stop stealing and give us what we are due but it seems that they despise our ability to stop them and expose them ... but when we do , their pleading will be useless .
King Abdul Aziz , God rest his soul , was wise when he said do not combine government and trade !!
Choose either government or trade because combining the two sooner or later leads to the government being toppled and trade being unprofitable .
Four years ago , a Swiss university colleague invited me to give a presentation / lecture on Iraq ...
My colleague had been asked by an organization concerned with handicapped younth to prepare a cultural , entertaining , and educational program for this kind of audience ...
She had the idea of presenting fifteen countries as a representative sample of the continents and cultures of the world , and that individuals from those countries would present their countries ...
She asked me if I was willing to participate and present Iraq in this activity , so that she could add Iraq to the list of those countries ...
and I do not miss a chance to talk about Iraq ...
I accepted , but honestly , I was scared at the time in front of this kind of audience , which requires greater attention and effort from you ...
Part of the program was to bring in something to taste , from the country we were representing ... something to be eaten or drunk that the participants could taste , and so that the country could have tangible representation ...
Without hesitation , I gave a slide presentation using " Power Point " ...
and I chose , with a little hesitation , to make them Iraqi tea , Abu Al Hail tea .
The result was pleasing to the audience , who liked the taste of the Iraqi tea and the slide presentation approach ...
My colleague later told me that I was the only lecturer to use a picture presentation with " Power Point " slides , and that the audience had liked that a lot ...
I did not doubt the power of this program on the imagination of this kind of audience .
That is why I chose it ...
but I was afraid they would not like the taste of Abu Al Hail tea , which might be from another planet ...
But they liked it ...
a great surprise ...
This gave me joy more than their liking the " American " Power Point presentation .
I was not ready for another defeat by America and its " programs " ...
I was looking for , at the very least , a draw in this symbolic confrontation ...
At that time , the American siege was killing the children of Iraq , and I wanted to symbolically take revenge ...
A draw was a victory for Iraq ... for Abu Al Hail tea not to lose to Power Point ...
Just that it did not lose ... that was a victory .
I can not assume the personality a Lebanese , especially one from Hezbollah , but I will describe some of the daily features of the demonstrations .
The crowd mixture of demonstrations is made up of Shiite Lebanese and some Christian followers of Aoun .
Of course , we do not forget our Syrian brothers .
A demonstrator is paid the sum of twenty American dollars daily , equivalent to 75 riyals per day .
If we multiply that by 30 days , it would be equivalent to the salary of a Saudi employee in a phone kiosk , maybe more .
You do the math .
It is notable that the demonstrations came just in time to ruin the holiday season in Lebanon , especially in the area of central Beirut , known by the Saudis as Solidaire .
Investments in Solidaire are by Christians and Sunni Muslims .
There are no Shiite investments , neither in tourism nor in Solidaire .
Their investments are only in the mountain restaurants on the South .
Our Gulf brothers are afraid to eat in Shiite restaurants .
The timing of the July war came at the beginning of the tourist season .
Parking lots in Solidaire turned into camps .
The time of demonstrations came in winter , so the demonstrators needed heat .
They could only find wood in the public parks , which were totally ruined .
Lebanese people gather in the evening around water - pipes , and a majority of them smoke hashish .
Syrians line up with carts selling bread and eggs .
Look at the female demonstrators from Hezbollah .
They look like they are from an actress ' agency .
Imagine how the mercenary hashish - smoking demonstrators might bring down the government .
I will return , God willing , with the latest field reports , the subject is not political .
After the devastating and disgraceful failure whether at the world championship level or even at the continental championship level , like now in Doha in Asia , personally and on behalf of the female gender , I express to you , the young men of Saudi Arabia , our complete readiness as members of the female gender , to watch you bring about the defeat this time of Doha in Qatar .
And in any international forum , as you have accustomed us to , and in every challenge to human strength which attests to what the human body can achieve in its strength and precision , its patience and art . We are ready to pat you on the back and caress your shoulders , console you in your sadness , wipe the tears from your cheeks . And to recite the prayers of the old ladies asking the Creator to compensate you with better championships next time .
It has become the norm to receive Saudi youth empty - handed .
It has become the norm for you , the young men , not to raise the flag of monotheism among the flags of nations .
It has become the expected scenario that we only hear from you , young men , promises about the coming championships .
Because each championship is followed by another , there is no definite time as to how close the era of challenge is or the golden era when medallions are drawn on your chests , not in the near future nor even in eternity .
Despite all your failures we find you depriving us , the female gender , and in a discriminating way , of engaging in challenging the nations .
We find the public welfare -LRB- of youth -RRB- limiting its activity to a gender that confirms its failure not once and not even a thousand times .
Why not open the doors for girls to exercise their human rights , to confirm their freedom which was guaranteed by religion , law , and humanity , so they can stand tall holding the flag that says " There is no god except God , and Muhammad is the messenger of God " among the rest of the girls of the Asian continent ?
Parliament Member Mishaan Al - Jubouri , Head of the Reconciliation and Liberation Block , said that the political process has died and should be buried .
This came in an interview with one of the satellite channels .
He also described the current and previous governments as sectarian and exclusive governments that kill Sunnis and assist the militias in doing so .
He also described Al - Maliki as the most exclusive person , whose motto is murder , then murder , then murder , and he was responsible for the military office of the Shiite Dawa party , which is killing Sunnis .
He noted that Al - Maliki had told him , " Let the Sunnis go as refugees outside the country for 30 years and then let them come for us to reconcile with them . "
As for the reconciliation project that Al - Maliki has announced , Mishaan said this project has no basis in fact and that what Al - Maliki did was only to satisfy the Americans and trick certain politicians , and that his establishment of the Anbar Militias , who strive to kill the people of Anbar , is nothing but proof of this .
Mishaan Al - Jubouri accused Moqtada Al Sadr and his Mahdi Army militia of killing Sunnis and of being behind the Sadr city explosions , with help from an outside party , in reference to Iran .
He said that there was a committee of lawmakers in Brussels that was gathering evidence on the crimes of Moqtada Al Sadr and his militias .
It is worth noting that Mishaan Al - Jubouri 's immunity was withdrawn due to accusations of corruption from the Government Integrity Committee , and that the Reconciliation and Liberation Party which he chairs had withdrawn from the government .
Investigation : Atif Khalil
For over 10 years , Al - Wafd has conducted a press campaign against the importation of Canadian rapeseed oil after local and international scientific reports proved its great danger to public health .
Al - Wafd succeeded in getting the cultivation and importing of rapeseed oil banned after the case in its entirety was referred to parliament , and many authorities and relevant ministries intervened to ban the importation of rapeseed oil and the cultivation of the plant from which it is extracted .
Suddenly a few months ago , an Egyptian importer managed to import rapeseed oil after it was given another name , Canola , to mislead the Egyptians - people and government - and with this new name , rapeseed oil has entered Egypt once again and is sold in our shops .
People do n't realize how dangerous it is for public health as it can actually lead to death .
What does the government want from the Egyptian people ?
It has allowed deadly Canola oil -LRB- formerly known as rapeseed -RRB- into Egypt and into its markets ... does n't the government know how dangerous this Canadian oil is for the health of Egyptians ... has n't it read reports by the World Health Organization and institutions working in nutrition which have refused to use Canola as food for humans ?
Does n't the government care about the pledge to safeguard the welfare of the country and its citizens ?
And Canada , the biggest oil producer , wants to export its produce of this type to Egypt but does the Egyptian government know that Canada exports this type of oil to us but imports safer oils for its people , which proves that it only uses Canola oil to show its " authority " .
After a battle of over 30 years to prevent the entry of Canola oil into Egypt , are people weakening or have they lost their consciences for a fistful of dollars splattered with the blood and lives of Egyptians ?
The importation of this oil , which causes death because it affects the liver , pancreas , kidneys , heart , lungs , nerves , skin , bones , spleen and glands , is now allowed .
I was not expecting what happened on a live program on the Nur Dubai channel when the hosts hung up on a caller who was complaining about houses being flooded in Al - Rashidiya in Dubai .
The reason for the flooding was n't the rain that fell in the Emirates but rather because of water leaking out of the drains , as well as Dubai municipality 's emergency services not responding to calls .
Unfortunately the program 's hosts did n't give this lady a chance to finish what she was saying with " Bu Omar " attempting to justify the municipality 's position and defend them in a bizarre way that I would n't have expected from " Bu Omar " for whom I have immense respect and admiration because of his wonderful way of speaking .
My main criticism is not about hanging up on the caller because the program 's hosts know more about the circumstances and " warding off evil takes priority over seeking interest " .
The criticism of " Bu Omar " is that he allowed the Emirates and other areas to be criticized but not Dubai , even though the breakdown that happened in other areas because of the rain , also happened in Dubai , though to a lesser extent .
I hope " Bu Omar " does not take this approach again to avoid losing people 's faith in the program , which is seen as a refuge and breathing space for many people .
I ask God to grant success to the program 's hosts in fulfilling their mission .
Al - Khbeir , U.A.E.
American President George W. Bush is receiving Abd al - Aziz Baqir al - Hakim , the head of the so - called Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , at the White House .
Welcome .
He rolls out the red carpet for him , Thanking him for accepting the invitation he sent him to meet with him .
He discusses with him the matter of the Iraqi quagmire that has submerged the United States of America , seeking his help to get him out of that morass . Knowing that the Council for the Islamic Revolution , which is headed by Abd al - Aziz Baqir al - Hakim , was one of the parties that suggested the invasion of Iraq to American President Bush .
That was when the Council was headed by his brother Muhammad Baqir al - Hakim , who was assassinated after the entry of the ugly American into Iraq .
So he is seeking his help now to get out of his predicament .
This is not the amusing paradox .
Rather , it is that Abd al - Aziz Baqir al - Hakim heads the armed Badr Militia that is fueling the sectarian conflict in Iraq and is accused of bloodshed and aggression -- the very terrorism that President Bush claims to be in a fierce war against .
He is welcomed and greeted at the American White House , to be used as a tool with which to fight the Shiite leader Muqtada al - Sadr , who stands against the presence of the Americans in Iraq , and against American President Bush himself , in order to finish him and the Al - Mahdi Army which he leads .
My brother Hamid , The decision to close down the group is basically up to you .
Maybe this decision will encourage some to create their own groups or participate more .
I do not know .
In all cases , the correspondence gave everyone including me the opportunity to communicate and learn about other different views .
In this respect , I am grateful for this effort .
I would like to know the primary goal that you perceived when you decided to proceed with this initiative .
Maybe then I can understand your decision to close it , if that is what you want , of course .
My view on this matter is that it has - the group - accomplished some sort of achievement .
The obvious negativity from some does not mean that you will not face negativity in life , in the community .
This is important .
In addition to the fear that some might have - from the security aspect - who are burdened with ideas rejecting the other , and maybe the desire to eliminate him and ca n't frankly and openly express their ideas to the extent that they desire .
This is understandable .
I previously informed those who want to participate in a blog I started , on -LRB- blogger -RRB- but got no response .
Later I learned that the blogger was blocked .
I hope this is the reason and not the intellectual guardianship or the spiral self - withdrawal :--LRB-
Despite my feeling for several times that you and I do not agree , I wish you prosperity and luck .
Greetings .
Next week , God willing , the water and electricity bills will start to be distributed in one bill .
The Minister of Water and Electricity will be available in the Saudi Company for Electricity -LRB- in the Kharis service area in the Roda district -RRB- to launch the start of distribution , after the implementation of the project is completed without any media fuss , in order to avoid public opinion , which causes a big fuss , refusing this merge .
The Saudi Channel started preparing for the issue two days ago and asked citizens about their opinion on consolidating the water and electricity bills .
The only reason for their merge is very , very silly ; namely , the designation of the Ministry of Water and Electricity by this name requires also a consolidated bill for water and electricity .
The fine for disconnecting the electricity meter and turning back the reading is ten riyals , and the fine for pilfering water is two hundred riyals .
Will the fine for pilfering water be consolidated with the electricity one to be ten riyals ?
Brother , what are the repercussions of these bills on a large section of citizens who can barely pay the electricity bill itself ?
Why should you care about the water and electricity bill ?
Did n't this minister see the women sitting in front of the entrance to Kharis Services with the electricity bills in their hands , pleading for the reviewers to help them pay them ?
The news is correct and 100 % confirmed , for correspondence .
The civil war -LRB- God Almighty protect us from it -RRB- is a catastrophe in the real sense .
We witnessed this in our sister country Lebanon in the seventies of the last century , and the result was too tragic for words .
The killing of thousands of Lebanese because of sectarianism , provincialism , and identity , the destruction of the infrastructure of the country , the immigration of thousands of them to foreign countries , hundreds of handicapped people , thousands of widows and orphans , the Lebanese currency -LRB- the Lira -RRB- reaching its lowest levels .
Today , in our injured Iraq , we hear from here and there those who play that tune and tell us every now and then that a civil war is going on , some have even started setting scenarios , possibilities , and results , as if it were imminent !!
First among those are our brothers the American stakeholders , who expected this , and more than one official made a statement about this catastrophe , headed by -LRB- Senior Officer -RRB- General - Abizaid -
The Commander of the American Central Command , which is supervising the American operations in Iraq , General John Abizaid , warned of the danger of the outbreak of civil war in Iraq if the sectarian violence continues .
He said in a hearing before the Armed Services Committee in the American Senate , " If that -LRB- the violence -RRB- does not stop , Iraq could drown in civil war . "
In the hearing sessions , members in the Senate inquired about the implications of a civil war for the more than 130,000 American troops that have been deployed in Iraq .
The American Defense Secretary responded , " I can not predict in this matter . "
" This could indicate that we believe this thing will happen , " he added , calling for patience .
New specializations for female students .
There are calls for more areas of specialization to be opened up for females students .
What are the fields you think need to be opened up to them rapidly ?
Female students need to specialize in the fields of education technology in all its branches .
This is not empty talk ; it is based on a study by the educational techniques in higher education team .
Computer graphic design , electronic , electrical , civil and industrial engineering , school buildings engineering , designing educational materials to upload to the internet , academic advice , family and marital relations experts and other areas needed by the market .
This is what market requirement studies have shown , conducted in order to delineate new specializations , whether for boys or girls .
You can refer to the Aafaaq website for a clearer , more accurate picture .
Do you back a single academic curriculum for male and female students ?
Or do you believe each side has their specific talents ?
I 'm for a single curriculum , apart from certain subjects such as home economics .
As for mathematics , and according to the latest child development and growth studies , and the difference between females and males , at the early stages , it 's preferable for information to be presented differently , but to be combined later on .
But I also back curricular decentralization in such a way that details , standards and motor , cognitive and social skills are defined and then specialist companies can come in and set up curricula according to the areas in question because the experiences and interests of town people differ from the skills of village people and so on .
I wish that the general management , represented by the Soccer Federation , would wake up and take a firm stand , and to put out the fire of sports and media anarchy caused by one team instead of disbanding the Referee Committee -LRB- the scapegoat as usual -RRB- .
After every game Al - Hilal plays , other teams pay the price in order to unjustly and artificially increase the number of championships for this team .
Leave the sedatives and eliminate the primary reasons that make referees sell their conscience in favor of Al - Hilal in the world of soccer .
There are only two major reasons that may make the referees favor one team over another .
The first one , unfortunately , might be the fear of Al - Hilal 's domineering , chaotic , immoral , and unpatriotic media , which is the reason for the intolerance and backwardness that we have in soccer .
Frankly , I find the utter silence from the general management and the ministry of information strange .
The second one might be that some of our soccer referees take bribes , God forbid .
About four years ago , the Referee Committee was disbanded after a match similar to yesterday 's game .
Referee Muhammad Al - Suwail was suspended for determining the result of the game in favor of Al - Hilal and canceling a clear penalty kick for Al - Nasr .
How similar is today to yesterday !
The refereeing mistakes that affect the outcome of local games all continue to be in favor of one team , namely Al - Hilal .
What did we get from disbanding the Referee Committee as long as the main reasons have not been removed ?
The mistakes are still the same and in favor of only one team .
It 's too bad about our money , our effort , and our support as long as the recent championships have been forcibly credited to this team .
None of you have true faith until you wish for your brother what you wish for yourself .
There was a young Saudi man who left for America to study English and reside there , in search of a homeland that would appreciate his talent .
This young man learned the language , I will call him by the name -LRB- Khaled -RRB- , but he is no Khaled .
Khaled settled down in America for ten years without coming back to his town in Saudi Arabia .
He got busy with work and lived in American society , until a missile company in one of the American states realized that this young man had a talent in atomic science .
He was appointed manager of a missile lathe company in America ; no missile would even leave this company without this young Saudi man 's signature .
One day , after ten years of his stay in America , coincidentally , one of the Saudi princes came to the state where this young man resided , and this prince asked for a translator for the doctors .
They told him that there was a Saudi young man in the same state who had mastered the English language , so he told them to bring him to translate for me what the doctors say .
This young man came and spent a month with the prince , translating for him while he stayed in the hospital .
One month after the prince 's arrival in America , he wrote a poem of longing for his people and homeland .
This young man thought to himself and said , I have been here in America for ten years , and I did not send one letter to my family .
I do not know anything about them .
This prince after only one month sent a poem of longing to his family .
So this young man , Khaled , decided to return back to his family and homeland .
When the company learned that this young man had decided to return to his homeland , unfortunately America fights every Arab talented mind , it made him a victim of heroin and alcohol until he went half crazy .
After that , they allowed him to return to his homeland .
Without an appointment , and without a meeting or prior knowledge , I found one of my writings published in a newspapers called Laila .
After skimming through this magazine , I realized that its editor - in - chief is a Lebanese Christian brother .
I browsed through its lines and decided to continue publishing all my writings on its pages .
Eventually , I was selected as one of its permanent writers .
I consider being among those brethren an honor for me or for any other writer .
I frankly tell you that it took over my heart and came to rest in it .
It is the most cherished newspaper among the many newspapers in which I publish .
But the obvious question is : why am I writing this article now ?
What is the occasion ?
Since last Ramadan , I have been receiving many e-mails asking why I publish in this magazine and inquiring why I insist on publishing in this newspaper , and the secret behind it .
The letters intensified and became varied in how they flung sermons and religious images that have recently emerged , which are an organized campaign aimed at social unification and ripping apart the physical Arab structure of Muslims and Christians ; where we live together in unity and solidarity in the Arab World and abroad .
Neither Arab countries nor our relationship with one another has made distinctions among the one people , and the sectarian , religious fanaticism has not attacked us .
We united and never inquired : are you a Christian or a Muslim ?
That is what has materialized in effect in Lebanon , Palestine , Egypt , and the rest of the Arab countries .
As for the owners of those poisoned pens and cloned minds who are trying to destroy our social unity , it is the result of colonization and globalization spreading its malignant poisons to continue this conspiracy against everything that is Arabic .
Al Dhari , the secretary - general of the Muslim Scholars League , and the President of the Green Zone Republic , Al Talabani accused Sheikh Harith of being interested only in igniting nationalist -LRB- i.e. , Arab - Kurdish -RRB- and sectarian -LRB- i.e. , Sunni - Shiite , of course -RRB- feuds .
For such an accusation to come from the Green Zone at Sheikh Harith is no strange matter , but for it to come from the President of the Republic of Iraq - this is indeed strange and objectionable .
Since Talabani came to prominence at the head of a group of youths who split from Mullah Mustafa Barzani , he has been part of all the unrest that Iraq and the Kurds have been subject to .
From the Baath government in Baghdad to Iran , from Syria to Turkey , from London to Washington , Talabani has not left any party with interests or concerns in Iraq and its affairs without working with them , on one level or another .
Up to the time that his statement was released , he was working to create a rift among the ranks of the Kurdish movement and disputes between them , implicating the Kurds in a series of failed armed skirmishes against the central government -LRB- some of which did not fail to serve the interests of foreign forces -RRB- , in starting a destructive Kurdish civil war in the nineties , then getting involved in the plan to invade and occupy Iraq , which has brought the country to the state of hell , destruction and death it finds itself in .
Our banks used to be and still are the most profitable in the world .
Because the people are Muslims and do not accept interest from their bank accounts , this interest goes to the banks .
After I read some bank publications about its outrageous profits in the billions of dollars , mostly from loans with exorbitant interest rates with which they controlled the citizens ' salaries for many years to come , I am prompted to ask : Have you ever seen a charitable hospital for the citizens built by one of these banks ?
Have you seen a road or a street or a bridge or a dam built at the expense of a bank ?
Have you seen a school or a university built at the expense of a bank ?
Have you seen a mass marriage ceremony at the expense of a bank ?
Have you seen an interest - free loan to help a young man get married , or study , or work coming from a bank ?
Have you heard about treatment of a citizen at the expense of a bank ?
Have you heard about awareness programs against corruption and drugs , support for the Ministry of Interior , and donations to eliminate them ?
All we have seen from the exploiters of the people is -LRB- Jewish interest loans -RRB and control of citizens ' salaries for many years to come .
We have heard nothing about their donations except for -LRB- a mosque and a facility to wash the dead -RRB- donated by -LRB- al - Rajihi -RRB- out of the thousands of millions that he possesses in most cities .
We say , " May God reward him . "
He is the best of the worst when it comes to donations .
But mosques are everywhere and there is no shortage .
The state has been and still is building mosques , but the nation needs to build hospitals , and to donate medicines and equipment , such as dialysis and heart equipment .
The nation needs to build universities and schools , construct roads , help the unemployed , widows , orphans , and divorcees , rehabilitate and assist the handicapped , and eliminate unemployment , spinsterhood , drugs and corruption .
You owners of banks , may God take away his blessings from you ...
How much have you profited and consumed from this nation ?
How often have you been ungrateful , criticized , done injustice , and afflicted misery on this nation and its people ?
The price of vegetables in the kingdom 's markets suddenly rose twofold or more this week .
Greengrocers attributed the rise in price to exports to Gulf states in order to achieve doubled and quick profits , in addition to the start of the Hajj season .
Al - Riyadh 's tour of the market to discover the reasons for this found a 36,000 Riyal deficit .
Attiyatulla Salim , a greengrocer in the northern market for greengrocery , complained of the price increase of vegetables by a number of farm owners and traders .
The price of a large box of zucchini is now between 100 and 120 Riyals whereas the price of a box of zucchini in the past was no more than 45 Riyals .
He pointed out his customers ' annoyance at the price rise , which happened a week ago and which has had a great effect on customers visiting the fruit and vegetable market .
Salim said that he had suffered a shortfall of 36,000 Riyals in the course of just one week as a result of the lack of customers buying vegetables following the price increase , in addition to having to pay out 100 Riyals in daily wages to five Saudi workers and 100 to foreign workers who carry the goods and are employed by the company which manages the market .
In the summer of 2006 , Hezbollah forces crossed over and abducted two Israeli soldiers and killed a few others in the same way that the Hamas movement did unexpectedly a few days before Hezbollah did the same .
What was the outcome ??
The Israeli forces responded inhumanely and viciously against south Lebanon , which led to the death of hundreds of people , families and dreams .
There is no question that Israel is to blame for these massacres and should be condemned and punished .
-LRB- This of course will not happen now -RRB- .
But at the same time , politics is harsh .
Politics unfortunately is not based on principles and idealism but on reality .
When you are in a zoo , you do not find the lions roaming freely , rather they are chained inside cages because lions understand only their instincts .
Unfortunately politics is a breeding ground for human monsters .
What if we assumed that Hezbollah 's intention in abducting the two Israeli soldiers was in response to the Israeli oppression that we all see ?
Is n't authority or power a responsibility ?
What I want to say is that someone working in politics should not be condemned for his idealism and slogan , but by how connected he is to reality and his ability to understand it , and thus concluding what the consequences of his decisions and actions would be .
This is what Hezbollah failed to do .
Yes .
Without doubt , Israel was not able to defeat Hezbollah militarily , and it suffered many losses , but what were Lebanon 's gains ?
Today will be the announcement of the first five female elected university students , who will form the first student council to represent female students through student elections .
These are considered the first of their kind in Saudi universities and were initiated by Prince Mohamed Bin Fahd University through the department responsible for student activity in the female student department in the university .
The winning female students won after they had gone through a competition of 16 nominated female students , based on the percentages they received in elections to represent their female student colleagues in the council .
The female students who were elected will form a student council to represent female students .
It will be run in a totally separate and independent way from what occurs in the female student university campus and will convey their desires to the faculty council and the university council .
This council will also be the voice of female students , expressing their desires and aspirations , in presenting ideas aimed at acquiring skills and talents to graduate a generation that is capable of bearing responsibility .
Mona Al Nakhilan , Public Relations Manager in the Female Student Department , said that the experiment , which is considered the first of its kind in Saudi universities , represents an opportunity for university female students to express their opinions and shape their characters , noting that the elections took the acknowledged form of general elections and that the elected female student could deliver her opinions and convey her colleagues ' ideas to the university administration in the framework of religion and acknowledged traditions .
She noted that , after the return from Eid Al Adha vacation , each elected female student will present her own official plan and every nominated female student from among the 16 female nominees experienced for over two weeks , the period of the election phases , an election atmosphere for the first time .
The university administration in the Female Student Department was able to vote for the candidates through female employees among the female faculty members and female administrative employees .
The Arab peninsula is characterized by a great deal of tribal variety and each of these tribes has its own way of receiving guests and preparing feasts .
It might resemble some other tribes or be unique to them and some brothers may be surprised , especially local residents attending feasts , particularly if it is in their ' stronghold ' , i.e. the area they live in .
Among these customs , some of which we have seen and some of which we have heard about , I 'll describe a few and I look forward to people expressing their opinions to enrich the subject so that we can all learn about these customs .
For example , some tribes will only eat after the guest has eaten and will only finish after he finishes , even if he stays for a full hour .
Some get angry if the slaughtered animal which they have been honored with contains certain parts such as the neck , for example , or that you eat the tongue of the slaughtered animal .
Some will offer you food then leave you and your family to eat alone .
Some will turn off the lights so that you feel more comfortable when eating your food and so that you do n't feel as if someone is watching you , in addition to many other customs .
And perhaps there are even stranger customs other than the ones mentioned when you send in your comments on the subject .
So see you .
No one who followed the tyrant and his assistants ' trial session for the Anfal crimes of 12/06/2006 can deny the role of the testimony that Dr. Faek Mohammed Kolbi gave .
As an eyewitness , he recounted real events as a doctor who practiced his humanitarian and national role in treating victims of chemical weapons , especially as he performed his role well in listing details .
But as a chairman of a political party in Kurdistan who has a history of resistance in the Kurdish liberation movement , he should have called things by their real names and avoided the barren justification that previous plaintiffs and witnesses used when they mentioned the role of merchants of war , agents of the former regime who are called the leaders of the Kurdish clans , or consultants as the former dictator authority called them .
The least that could be said about those hireling criminals is that they are despicable mercenaries , for the crimes they committed that can not be justified under any circumstance .
The scale of their crimes is not less than the crimes of the tyrant and his bloodthirsty cousin , Chemical Ali .
The right place for those mercenaries is beside their humiliated master in the defendant 's cage .
We find that most of the witnesses , especially with the unqualified translators that the court has appointed , who many times distorted the witnesses ' testimonies in favor of those mercenaries as when they called them consultants of the national defense forces according to what the regime calls them .
Naming those criminals and their followers as national defense regiments can not be justified .
This is enough to annul the accusations against the plaintiffs in the Anfal case , a mass annihilation .
How could troops , whose duty was to defend the nation , burn the nation , annihilate its people with chemical weapons , and bury them alive in mass graves ?
Abbas ' decision to hold presidential and parliamentary elections is the last attempt in a series of many plots to derail the Islamists ' power - sharing in Palestinian territories .
Unfortunately , these attempts are backed by the Arabs and internationally ... with local instigation , help and execution by Abbas and the Fatah movement ... which has found itself outside the game ... after the Palestinian people had their say in the last elections .
Abbas and his group and his supporters abroad were gambling on the timing of Hamas ' fall ... through the economic and political blockade imposed on it ...
But Hamas has managed to come through its first difficult days in power ... and has managed to establish its presence through its continued and sincere work in spite of circumstances that were enough to bring down any other government .
As time passed , they felt that time was not on their side ... and that , as time passed , Hamas and its project and proposals were becoming deeply rooted in the Palestinian and Arab political and social reality ... especially after the recent successful tour by Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniya to a number of Arab and Muslim countries .
Therefore , these parties have realized that the time has come to throw in the final card in a series of plots and treachery ... by means of a coup against Hamas through a call for elections .
Abbas and his group are facing Hamas because it has succeeded ... if it had failed or if it was expected to fail ... they would have left it until it completed its lawful term ... in order to abort its legitimacy ... its project ... and its popularity in the Palestinian arena .
Its success strips them bare and shows their real size ... and brings down their proposals and projects .
Some Arabs want to topple Hamas because it is the first government formed by elected Islamists ... and this threatens the mummified Arab governments ... these relics that have been here for dozens of years !
In spite of their failure ... and lack of popular legitimacy .
For more than 10 years , I have been going to happy Yemen on most of my vacations , for what you find of cheap prices , beauty , conservatism , generosity , and the undamaged nature of its people there , though the services are still poor , but they have started to improve .
I go to Yemen more than once a year .
In order for the brothers to benefit religiously from their visits to Yemen , I invite them to visit the Quranic houses which are spread through all the provinces and include thousands of students spending their time with the Holy Quran .
These houses are spreading and their students increase in number during summertime .
There are things there that please the mind and open the heart .
Also , visiting the charity associations that are active in the programs they provide , like the Islah Association , Tiba Charity Foundation , and others .
What also distinguishes Yemen is the diversity of cultures .
In every district , you find something that distinguishes it from the other .
It has enough historic places and ancient civilizations to encourage visits to it , like the Throne of Bilqees and the Marib Dam .
It has coastal areas and beaches that are not found elsewhere , like the beaches of Al Makla , Aden and Al Khokha .
It is worth visiting and getting to know all of these places .
And visiting Yemen does not cost you much .
How Should We Care for Our Skin Day - to - Day ?
Amy
Who does n't want soft , white skin ?
But in real life our skin often gives us a hard time .
If it 's not darkness or redness in the face , it 's dull and pallid .
What can we do ?
Appropriately adjusting our diet could bring great improvements for our skin .
Whatever is the problem with your skin , you should prescribe " vegetables " based on your symptom .
Red face : this is caused by absorbing too much animal fat or protein .
The way to treat this is : when we eat foods containing animal fat or protein , we must supplement it with vegetables that contain plenty of chlorophyll , like spinach , celery or lettuce .
If we eat them raw , the effect is better .
We can also chop vegetables into tiny bits , wrap them in cloth , squeeze the juice and drink it .
Flushed face : the reason is poor circulation of blood , particularly a lack of blood flow to the epithelial cells .
When the weather is cold , people 's faces go red , particularly the tips of their noses .
The way to treat this is : 1. Frequently bathe and massage to make the blood flow freely .
Massage the red parts more .
2. To make the body fully absorb proteins better , we should eat plenty of food containing vitamin B1 and vitamin C .
We can improve our absorption of vitamin D by exposure to sunlight .
Oily dark face : this is caused by consuming too many animal oils and vegetable oils .
The way to treat this is : control the amount of animal and vegetable oils we consume and eat more vegetables containing chlorophyll .
Before we eat , we should drink a glass of vegetable juice diluted with warm boiled water .
The effect will be better .
Dark face : generally speaking , the skin of people who consume too much salt is rough and dark .
After exposure to the sun it is even worse .
The hands and feet going black is caused by the salt in the body needing to be flushed out through the extremities .
If we consume too much salt , our face will gradually be covered with a layer of dark skin .
The way to treat this is : 1. control our intake of salt , drink plenty of water to flush out the salt through our urine .
2. Bathing frequently , and soaking in the bathroom until you sweat , can also help to flush out some salt .
Freckles on the face : consuming too much salt may cause freckles to appear on the face .
And if in our diet we only absorb animal fats and protein , this will affect the normal functioning of liver and make the freckles more visible .
So those with freckles must eat plenty of fruit and vegetables .
As well as this , medicine is the great enemy of the skin .
Sedatives in particular will make the body produce too much acid .
The hormones will become unbalanced and freckles will appear on the face .
Click here for more detailed information : www.120zy.com .
I am grateful to the University of Science and Technology
huff
Poster : huff -LRB- Brigade chief -RRB- , section : Overseas .
Topic : I am grateful to the University of Science and Technology
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Tue Jan 2 12:18:26 2007 -RRB- , Forward .
Everybody has their own reasons for choosing a university ; because the cost of living in Hefei is cheaper , and I did n't want my parents to spend all their money , I chose the University of Science and Technology of China .
Years later , looking back on this choice , I certainly do not have any regrets .
Perhaps if I 'd chosen two schools in Beijing , I would n't be here today talking about how USTC is .
But USTC at the time was weak ; considering location , expenses , promotion and connections , USTC 's greatest wealth was its students .
If we had n't come forward and done something for USTC , it would have been finished .
This is also the main reason USTC students banded together .
Because I chose science and technology as my career , I am grateful to USTC for teaching me many things , and I am grateful to the reputation established by the previous president of the university , who enabled those who came after to benefit from it .
Precisely because I feel this gratitude , I want to repay USTC .
I regularly do my job properly and do not let USTC lose face .
I want to save money out of my meager fellowship to help a poor university student with his living expenses for four years .
I want to go back to China to make my contributions ; I also want to provide the needed help to future students of my university .
When I see people attacking USTC , I sometimes want to take the time to defend it , even though that may not help much .
Those USTC haters have their own reasons ; I do n't intend to change their thinking .
But with China 's universities being so backward , what contributions have these naysayers really made to their alma maters and their country ?
Like gaddy , for example , who first badmouths USTC students for not wanting to contribute money , says he himself has some money , and then wants to spend money filing a lawsuit because of a dispute over personal feelings on the bbs .
This hater really has some problems of his own .
After graduating , I will go back ; no matter where I work , I 'm still a USTC student , and I have no regrets about USTC and no regrets about my country .
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 74.139. -RSB- .
hrfrank
Poster : hrfrank -LRB- crazy frank -RRB- , Section : Overseas .
Topic : Re : I am grateful to USTC .
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Tue Jan 2 19:23:41 2007 -RRB- .
I am also a USTC student , but everybody has studied abroad ; there 's no need to divide up into groups and quarrel all the time .
Chinese people love to beat up on Chinese people .
I love USTC , I love China .
Without the fatherland , there 'd be no USTC -LRB- or your university -RRB- ; without USTC -LRB- or your university -RRB- , there 'd be no me now .
Everybody is XDJM , so let 's not keep burning each other , OK ?
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 74.71. -RSB- .
[] What Expensive Registration Fees
[] <POSTER> fishingdays
[fishingdays] An academic conference that matches my research direction well is soliciting proposals and is scheduled for summer in China .
[fishingdays] I browsed their website , my god !
[fishingdays] The registration fees are sky high , and together with air and accommodation , over USD$ 4,000 is payable in total --
[fishingdays] This is purely profit seeking , and seeking unreasonably high profit , is n't it ?
[fishingdays] Can I be reimbursed when they become examination questions later ?
[fishingdays] No matter how interesting and valuable the conference is , I 'm not going to attend one that is so expensive .
[fishingdays] Besides , I 'm really wondering if there are any Chinese peers presenting at such a conference and how much they pay ?
[] <POSTER> mingfm
[mingfm] Why do you have to pay them for air and accommodation ?
[mingfm] What are the registration fees ?
[mingfm] -LRB- In the master piece of fishingdays -LRB- Go fishing on a sunny day -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB-
[mingfm] : An academic conference that matches my research direction well is soliciting proposals and is scheduled for summer in China .
I browsed their [mingfm] : website , my god !
The registration fees are sky high , and together with air and accommodation , over USD$ 4,000 is payable
[mingfm] : -- This is purely profit seeking , and seeking unreasonably high profit , is n't it ?
Can I be reimbursed when they become examination questions [mingfm] : later ?
No matter how interesting and valuable the conference is , I 'm not going to attend one that is so expensive .
Besides , I 'm really wondering [mingfm] : if there are any Chinese peers presenting at such a conference and how much they pay ?
[] <POSTER> handldk
[handldk] Is the conference domestic or international ?
[handldk] If it is international , everybody pays one single price .
The only thing is some international organizations give discounts to people from developing countries , and you may be able to pay less .
[handldk] I attended a conference in China last time -LRB- an international conference -RRB- .
The normal registration fees were nearly $ 1000 , excluding transportation and accommodation , and the lunches were awful .
[handldk] But later we had an evening banquet at the Great Hall of the People , where the dishes were really rare in restaurants outside -LRB- as I 'm quite gluttonous , I 've eaten quite a lot of foods -RRB- .
There were also gifts , quite worth it ! .
[handldk] I was at the conference for a week , and the total expense -LRB- food and accommodation -RRB- was $ 2000 .
[handldk] In your case , could $ 3000 be acceptable if $ 1000 is allowed for the air ticket ?
[handldk] -LRB- In the master piece of fishingdays -LRB- Go fishing on a sunny day -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB-
[handldk] : An academic conference that matches my research direction well is soliciting proposals and is scheduled for summer in China .
I browsed their [handldk] : website , my god !
The registration fees are sky high , and together with air and accommodation , over USD$ 4,000 is payable
[handldk] : -- This is purely profit seeking , and seeking unreasonably high profit , is n't it ?
Can I be reimbursed when they become examination questions [handldk] : later ?
No matter how interesting and valuable the conference is , I 'm not going to attend one that is so expensive .
Besides , I 'm really wondering [handldk] : if there are any Chinese peers presenting at such a conference and how much they pay ?
Another Business Trip to San Jose
Michael Zhou
Next week , I will go to San Jose for a three - day business trip .
I have no choice but to go .
My wife will have a hard time again at home .
We plan to make dumplings and steamed buns on weekend to be used as food reserve for next week .
On this trip to California , I plan to pay a visit to my Cisco colleagues and friends .
They all moved to California from RTP for different reasons .
It 's so hard to make a hotel reservation .
I do n't know whether it is because of an upcoming big conference , all hotels in the 10 - mile radius from San Jose have been booked up .
I could only find a Sheraton in Pleasant about 25 miles from the company .
I must make sure to bring my own GPS before I set out in case there is no GPS in the rental car .
[] I Strongly Suggest -LRB- the Tactic of Using Yao Ming in the Second Half -RRB- .
[] <POSTER> lightblue
[lightblue] Yao Ming and McGrady are two major sharp weapons of the Rockets .
The key is how they are used , instead of being compared blindly .
[lightblue] Neither those hating Yao nor those loving Yao make any sense .
[lightblue] One is a center and the other is a point guard , which are totally not comparable .
[lightblue] As for who contributes more to the team , it mainly depends on who the opponents are and which set of tactics the whole team play .
[lightblue] Yao Ming and McGrady are both treasures to the team of the Rockets .
It hinges primarily on how they are used , just like the fighter and the bomber in the air force , where it all depends on what battle is fight and with whom .
[lightblue] It is my belief that the Rockets can not just have one set of tactics , for example only revolving around Yao Ming or revolving around McGrady when they play .
[lightblue] You have to see what type of team your opponents are , how strong their center is and how strong they are outside , before you decide whether to play Yao Ming or McGrady , or half Yao Ming and half McGrady .
[lightblue] It now proves that other players of the Rockets are not weak , in which case it is not necessary to let Yao Ming play too much .
Simply let him get a good rest in the first two quarters and allow the shooters to score .
[lightblue] One characteristic of spot - up shooters is that they tend to become less precise as the match goes on .
At this time , an energetic Yao Ming should be released to score in the paint nine chances out of ten .
[lightblue] The opponents will also certainly be less precise outside in the second half and they can not match Yao Ming in the paint .
Would n't the Rockets secure victory this way ?
[lightblue] Thus , I strongly suggest -LRB- the Tactic of using Yao Ming in the second half -RRB- .
[zzqq] If everything were as good as you thought , the Rockets had already taken home the championship .
[zzqq] -LRB- In the master piece of lightblue -LRB- clear -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB-
[zzqq] : Yao Ming and McGrady are two major sharp weapons of the Rockets .
The key is how they are used , instead of being compared blindly .
Neither those hating Yao nor those loving Yao make any sense .
[zzqq] : One is a center and the other is a point guard , which are totally not comparable .
As for who contributes more to the team , it mainly depends on who the opponents are and [zzqq] : which set of tactics the whole team play .
Yao Ming and McGrady are both treasures to the team of the Rockets .
It hinges primarily on how they are used , just like [zzqq] : the fighter and the bomber in the air force , where it all depends on what battle is fight and with whom .
[zzqq] : It is my belief that the Rockets can not just have one set of tactics , for example only revolving around Yao Ming or revolving around McGrady when they play .
You have to see [zzqq] : what type of team your opponents are , how strong their center is and how strong they are outside , before you decide whether to play Yao Ming or [zzqq] : McGrady , or half Yao Ming and half McGrady .
[zzqq] : It now proves that other players of the Rockets are not weak , in which case it is not necessary to let Yao Ming play too much .
Simply let him [zzqq] : get a good rest in the first two quarters and allow the shooters to score .
One characteristic of spot - up shooters is that they tend to become less precise as the match goes on .
At this time , an energetic [zzqq] : Yao Ming should be released to score in the paint nine chances out of ten .
The opponents will also certainly be less precise outside in the second half and they
[zzqq] Shining spears and armored horses beyond the Great Wall , singing to the tune of the sword beyond the skyline .
[springbull] Alas
[springbull] How sorry I am for JVG .
[lightblue] The Rockets complete with Yao and McGrady is a hot candidate for the championship .
I am not the first to propose it .
[lightblue] The key is both are there .
[lightblue] I also put forward the tactic of " using Yao in the second half . "
This might change Van Gundy 's past practice of always asking Yao Ming to try his best in the first quarter when both Yao and McGrady were there .
[lightblue] In the final and fourth quarter when scores in the paint are most needed , each time Yao Ming has weaker ability and more faults .
[lightblue] -LRB- In the master piece of zzqq -LRB- Singing to the tune of the sword -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB- .
[lightblue] : If everything were as good as you thought , the Rockets had already taken home the championship .
[duckle] Forget it .
[duckle] -LRB- In the master piece of lightblue -LRB- clear -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB- .
[duckle] : Yao Ming and McGrady are two major sharp weapons of the Rockets .
The key is how they are used , instead of being compared blindly .
Neither those hating Yao nor those loving Yao make any sense .
[duckle] : One is a center and the other is a point guard , which are totally not comparable .
As for who contributes more to the team , it mainly depends on who the opponents are and [duckle] : which set of tactics the whole team play .
Yao Ming and McGrady are both treasures to the team of the Rockets .
It hinges primarily on how they are used , just like [duckle] : the fighter and the bomber in the air force , where it all depends on what battle is fight and with whom .
[duckle] : It is my belief that the Rockets can not just have one set of tactics , for example only revolving around Yao Ming or revolving around McGrady when they play .
You have to see [duckle] : what type of team your opponents are , how strong their center is and how strong they are outside , before you decide whether to play Yao Ming or [duckle] : McGrady , or half Yao Ming and half McGrady .
[duckle] : It now proves that other players of the Rockets are not weak , in which case it is not necessary to let Yao Ming play too much .
Simply let him [duckle] : get a good rest in the first two quarters and allow the shooters to score .
One characteristic of spot - up shooters is that they tend to become less precise as the match goes on .
At this time , an energetic [duckle] : Yao Ming should be released to score in the paint nine chances out of ten .
The opponents will also certainly be less precise outside in the second half and they
[SEM] you always want to come out strong and stay on top
[SEM] plus in crunch time , opponents tend to pack the paint so it 's harder for Yao [SEM] to score
[SEM] -LRB- In the master piece of lightblue -LRB- clear -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB- .
[SEM] : Yao Ming and McGrady are two major sharp weapons of the Rockets .
The key is how they are used , instead of being compared blindly .
Neither those hating Yao nor those loving Yao make any sense .
[SEM] : One is a center and the other is a point guard , which are totally not comparable .
As for who contributes more to the team , it mainly depends on who the opponents are and [SEM] : which set of tactics the whole team play .
Yao Ming and McGrady are both treasures to the team of the Rockets .
It hinges primarily on how they are used , just like [SEM] : the fighter and the bomber in the air force , where it all depends on what battle is fight and with whom .
[SEM] : It is my belief that the Rockets can not just have one set of tactics , for example only revolving around Yao Ming or revolving around McGrady when they play .
You have to see [SEM] : what type of team your opponents are , how strong their center is and how strong they are outside , before you decide whether to play Yao Ming or [SEM] : McGrady , or half Yao Ming and half McGrady .
[SEM] : It now proves that other players of the Rockets are not weak , in which case it is not necessary to let Yao Ming play too much .
Simply let him [SEM] : get a good rest in the first two quarters and allow the shooters to score .
One characteristic of spot - up shooters is that they tend to become less precise as the match goes on .
At this time , an energetic [SEM] : Yao Ming should be released to score in the paint nine chances out of ten .
The opponents will also certainly be less precise outside in the second half and they
[lightblue] Opponents try to pack the paint to stop Yao from beginning as well .
But as [lightblue] long as Yao is fresh and strong , no body can stop him .
That 's the fact .
[lightblue] The only problem is that Yao usually gets very tired at the crunching time .
[lightblue] -LRB- In the master piece of SEM -LRB- shit happens here stay here -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB-
[lightblue] : you always want to come out strong and stay on top
[lightblue] : plus in crunch time , opponents tend to pack the paint so it 's harder for [lightblue] Yao [lightblue] : to score --
[lightblue] --
[ymac] If it could really be only one half , it should be the first and fourth quarters , rather than the third and fourth quarters .
[lightblue] It is n't important which half it is .
The key is using Yao in the most effective way .
[lightblue] You have understood my opinion by your tactic of using Yao in the first and fourth quarter .
[lightblue] Anyhow , the tactic of having an exhausted and mistake - prone Yao Ming on the floor is both undesirable and unnecessary .
[lightblue] -LRB- In the master piece of ymac -LRB- ymac -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB- .
[lightblue] : If it could really be only one half , it should be the first and fourth quarters , rather than the third and fourth quarters .
[BlackKnife] spt
[BlackKnife] -LRB- In the master piece of lightblue -LRB- clear -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB- .
[BlackKnife] : It is n't important which half it is .
The key is using Yao in the most effective way .
You have understood my opinion by your tactic of using Yao in the first and fourth quarter .
[BlackKnife] Anyhow , the tactic of having an exhausted and mistake - prone Yao Ming on the floor is both undesirable and unnecessary .
[vanmark] Why does this look like a soccer strategy instead of a basketball one ?
[vanmark] -LRB- In the master piece of lightblue -LRB- clear -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB- .
[vanmark] : Yao Ming and McGrady are two major sharp weapons of the Rockets .
The key is how they are used , instead of being compared blindly .
Neither those hating Yao nor those loving Yao make any sense .
[vanmark] : One is a center and the other is a point guard , which are totally not comparable .
As for who contributes more to the team , it mainly depends on who the opponents are and [vanmark] : which set of tactics the whole team play .
Yao Ming and McGrady are both treasures to the team of the Rockets .
It hinges primarily on how they are used , just like [vanmark] : the fighter and the bomber in the air force , where it all depends on what battle is fight and with whom .
[vanmark] : It is my belief that the Rockets can not just have one set of tactics , for example only revolving around Yao Ming or revolving around McGrady when they play .
You have to see [vanmark] : what type of team your opponents are , how strong their center is and how strong they are outside , before you decide whether to play Yao Ming or [vanmark] : McGrady , or half Yao Ming and half McGrady .
[vanmark] : It now proves that other players of the Rockets are not weak , in which case it is not necessary to let Yao Ming play too much .
Simply let him [vanmark] : get a good rest in the first two quarters and allow the shooters to score .
One characteristic of spot - up shooters is that they tend to become less precise as the match goes on .
At this time , an energetic [vanmark] : Yao Ming should be released to score in the paint nine chances out of ten .
The opponents will also certainly be less precise outside in the second half and they
[lightblue] It does have the flavor of changing players in the second half of a soccer match .
Indeed , it does n't need to be that clear - cut and the main idea is to let Yao Ming rest a lot .
[lightblue] However , the characteristic of half on and half off in a soccer match could also be referred to .
[lightblue] This means keeping Yao Ming off the field long enough to allow the other side to get used to the situation without Yao , after which , especially in the latter half , is the sudden arrival of an aggressive giant Yao Ming , free of fatigue or fouls , who is able to destruct the opponents both physically and mentally .
[lightblue] -LRB- In the master piece of vanmark -LRB- a garlic -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB-
[lightblue] : Why does this look like a soccer strategy instead of a basketball one ?
[Aleusis] What would be destroyed first are their own utility men .
[Aleusis] -LRB- In the master piece of lightblue -LRB- clear -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB- .
[Aleusis] : It does have the flavor of changing players in the second half of a soccer match .
Indeed , it does n't need to be that clear - cut and the main idea is to let Yao Ming rest a lot .
[Aleusis] : However , the characteristic of half on and half off in a soccer match could also be referred to .
This means keeping Yao Ming off the field long enough to allow the other side [Aleusis] : to get used to the situation without Yao , after which , especially in the latter half , is the sudden arrival of an aggressive giant [Aleusis] : Yao Ming , free of fatigue or fouls , who is able to destruct the opponents both physically and mentally .
[lightblue] I do n't know what you are talking about .
With Yao Ming , the Rockets can always lead in the first quarter effectively , and now we are just leaving this to the end .
[lightblue] The utility men would not perform so poorly in one or two quarters , especially when McGrady is on the field , and they can lead a bit most of the time .
[lightblue] -LRB- In the master piece of Aleusis -LRB- Silence -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB- .
[lightblue] : What would be destroyed first are their own utility men .
Untimely Democracy .
tlu
Poster : tlu -LRB- ^_^ -RRB- , Section : ChinaNews .
Topic : Untimely Democracy .
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Mon Jan 8 07:57:27 2007 -RRB- .
After Taiwan achieved democracy , hundreds of thousands of people turned out in the streets repeatedly to demonstrate .
Since Iraq achieved democracy , the situation has bordered on civil war .
China 's population is many times theirs , and our average educational level is lower than theirs .
If we blindly pursue so - called democracy that is not in keeping with the times , what happened in Taiwan and Iraq will certainly be many times worse here -LRB- as a multiple of the population -RRB- .
China could certainly fall into a situation of rule by gangsters or religious forces , or civil war .
When that happens , the chaos of the Cultural Revolution will pale by comparison , and it will be too late to cry .
Then there will be no need for America and Japan to attack us , we 'll be too busy fighting each other .
We wo n't need to be concerned with Taiwan ; even the Northeast will be independent .
Let 's say it again : it suits the interests of the West for China to become a disunited country with no production capacity and no fighting ability .
But so - called democracy is just a talking point ; some people take democracy as the ultimate form of morality , cloaking themselves in democracy in order to buy contraband .
Promoting democracy at least sounds better than promoting China 's return to a feudal empire or primitive society .
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 24.97. -RSB- .
tlu
Poster : tlu -LRB- ^_^ -RRB- , Section : ChinaNews .
Topic : Re : Untimely Democracy .
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Mon Jan 8 23:01:53 2007 -RRB- .
I answer frequently asked questions only once ; excuse me if I am unable to answer each similar question individually .
This question is very easy to answer ; that is , the meaning of these leaders ' democracy is not the same as the democracy of those who are anti-Chinese .
The leaders ' democracy is the democratic dictatorship of the people ; this has basically already been achieved , or is being achieved .
Because of cognitive issues , some people may feel they have been cheated .
Do not misunderstand me ; I support democracy .
But I support democracy in keeping with the times .
That is , a primitive society has the democracy of a primitive society ; a slave society has the democracy of a slave society ; a society in the early stages of socialism has a democracy suitable for the elementary stages of socialism .
Changes may occur in basic concepts of mathematics and physics because of new discoveries ; does the substance of democracy really remain unchanged for thousands of years ?
In other words , in the appropriate period , and for the appropriate groups , the appropriate democracy needs to be implemented .
That is my view of democracy .
 Mentioned in the works of Wang2004 -LRB- Welcome everyone to BBS.Nlone.net -RRB- :  .
: " China 's shortcoming is that it lacks democracy ; it should thoroughly implement democracy throughout its territory . "
: -- June 12 , 1944 , Mao Zedong responds to Chinese and foreign reporters .
: China has a fault , and it is a major fault .
This fault , in a word , is that it lacks democracy .
The Chinese : people have an extraordinary need for democracy ; because only with democracy can the War of Resistance be strong : only then can Chinese internal and external relations : get on track , only then can we win the War of Resistance , only then can we build a good China , and only with democracy can we get China to continue : its unity after the war .
China lacks democracy , which all of you present are fully aware of .
Only with democracy can China move forward .
.
: ......
: In order to defeat our common enemy and to establish good and peaceful internal relations , and good and peaceful : international relations , what we hope for from the Kuomintang government and the Kuomintang Party and all its factions is that they all implement democracy .
The entire : world is in this fight , and the war is in its decisive stages in Europe .
The decisive battle will come soon in the Far East , but China lacks a
: ...................
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 24.97. -RSB- .
Officials and the people .
613305
Huolianguang .
Officials say the people are whom they depend on for livelihood , while the people call officials public servants .
Officials have meals to supplement nutrition , while the people have meals to fill their stomachs .
Words from officials are instructions , while words from the people are comments .
Children of officials are ten - thousand gold daughter , while children of the people are girls .
Officials move to exchange , while the people move to emigrate .
Officials drink liquor without buying , the people buy liquor without drinking .
Officials receive gifts on New Years and holidays , while the people give away gifts on New Years and holidays .
Officials living on the third floor indicate they are among the people , the people living on the top floor indicate people 's interests are the priority .
Eating and drinking by officials are called business and receptions , while eating and drinking by the people are called extravagant and wasteful .
Officials who go to dancing clubs are getting close to people , while the people who go to dancing clubs are neglecting their duties .
Officials go out to travel , while the people go out to make a living .
Officials go to school to update knowledge , while the people go to school to grab a diploma ;
Officials travel around to inspect , while the people travel around to lead a vagrant life .
Officials enter the government office to work , while the people enter the government office to petition .
Officials beat others to keep the society stable , while the people beat others to disrupt the social order .
All officials want to lose weight , while all the people are short of calcium .
Officials go to the countryside with a big entourage , while the people go to petition all alone .
Officials look forward to the New Year , while the people are worried about holidays .
Officials strike the table when they fly into a rage , while the people strike the table when they attempt a crime .
Officials ' children want to go abroad , while the people ' kids want to go to school .
Officials bask in the sun to enjoy a sun bath , while the people rest in the shade to enjoy a carefree life .
Officials go to the countryside to experience life , while the people go to city to open their eyes wide .
Officials fear the people petition , while the people fear officials press for grains .
Officials make mistakes that are pardonable , while the people make mistakes on purpose .
Officials have a concubine to share joy with people , while the people play with street girls to go whoring .
Officials make a fortune that is called gray income , while the people have money that is called illegal gains .
Violation of law by officials is called an error , while violation of law by the people is called a crime .
Officials short of money are integral , while the people short of money are impoverished .
Officials work their heart out if they are ill , the people experience a natural and man - made disaster if they are ill .
Officials are immortal when they die , while the people get out of misery when they die .
Welcoming the Year of the Pig -- Annual Spring Festival Lamb Hot Pot Party of the Beijing Association of Greater Washington
angstrom
Poster : angstrom -LRB- Sail -- lost in sailing -RRB- , Forum : Beijing
Title : Welcoming the Year of the Pig -- Annual Spring Festival Lamb Hot Pot Party of the Beijing Association of Greater Washington
Poster 's Site : mitbbs.com BBS -LRB- Wed Jan 17 10:09:13 2007 -RRB-
Although New Year 's Day has passed , to Chinese people , the feeling of " out with the old , in with the new " would be missing without celebrating the lunar new year .
Some people call the days between the Western new year and the lunar new year " floating days " -- days floating between new and old , and eastern and western cultures .
During the floating days , what people think about most is naturally how to spend Spring Festival .
This winter in D. C. you may not be able to feel the true winter cold , but the lamb hot pot party hosted by the Beijing Association of Greater Washington will surely let you feel an atmosphere of spending the new year in your hometown .
The annual Spring Festival lamb hot pot party has been held by the Beijing Association for four or five years .
Everyone who has attended can clearly remember the unique flavors and ingredients used by the Beijing Association , and is full of praise .
What lingers in people 's minds even longer is the liveliness from start to finish .
People from Beijing are well - known for their love of lively and fun gatherings .
With Beijing people in attendance , few parties would lack excitement , let alone when so many Beijing people are gathered together .
There will be no end to jokes and fun .
At that time , you will regret having just a single pair of ears and one mouth .
Steaming lamb hot pot , along with this lively atmosphere , will surely increase the heart - felt warmth of hometown feelings in this winter that is already not very cold .
The Beijing Association warmly welcomes all members , along with any friends who love Beijing and love the Beijing Association , to attend the " Golden Pig Good Luck " Spring Festival Party .
We will give you fun and surprise .
The time has been set for 5:00 p.m. sharp , February 11 -LRB- Sunday -RRB- , 2007 .
The location is Peking Supreme Restaurant .
The address is as follows :
19204 Montgomery Village Ave , Montgomery Village , MD 20886 .
Telephone : 301 - 963 - 8088 .
Due to limited seating , please register early if you have already decided to attend this grand event .
Tickets will be sold till seats are all taken .
Cost : 15 dollars per person , children under 8 free .
For registration , please contact the Beijing Association directors .
Contact telephone numbers are as follows :
Chairman : Wang Jie 301 - 869 - 4918
Director : Shi Yunzhi 240 - 246 - 4853 , Li Weihua 301 - 540 - 8085 , Li Kailun 571 - 276 - 021
Zhao Jinghua 204 - 246 - 5703 , Ma Xinyi 240 - 246 - 4853 , Wang Yanping 301 - 540 - 8085
Yang Kebing 301 - 424 - 0566 , Liu Ling 301 - 395 - 4344 , Gong Jing 240 - 631 - 0390
Zhou Jian 301 - 984 - 8888 , Li Jiang 703 - 948 - 6889 , Huang Lei 703 - 626 - 9423
--
* Source : mitbbs.com BBS , http://mitbbs.com -LSB- FROM : 69.15. -RSB-
ZT Discount Stamps and Sheetlets : Where Do They Come From ? Where Do They Go ?
Discount stamps are sets and sheetlets of stamps that are currently discounted .
This is the biggest category of stamps .
It has a large number , great variety , and large face value .
That is , it 's a big category .
Precisely how big it is , I 'm afraid no - one knows .
Because this category has an objective existence , no - one can ignore it .
Its trends are extremely important .
It is the biggest category for collectors and has the largest influence on the stamp market .
When it rises , this indicates that stamps are gaining as a whole .
Its strength and weakness is the barometer of postal policy , the thermometer for the temperature of the market .
If there is no comprehensive rise and gains at the bottom in the category of discount stamps , then any upsurge is a castle in the air , the moon in the water .
Its foundations will not be solid .
Only when this category is handled well can the stamp market have any hope of surging up out of its slump and heading for a beautiful future .
Where do discount sheets come from ?
The postal service sells them at a discount : a few years ago the postal service sold large quantities of stamps at low prices , violating pricing rules and stamp collecting rules .
It dumped discount stamps onto the stamp market on a large scale , making 50 - yuan sheets , 8 - yuan sheets and 5 - yuan sheets fall far below their own face value and the discounting of stamp sets even deeper .
This is the first source .
Stamp collectors cashing out : the number of stamp collectors in our country reached a peak in 1997 .
According to estimates , there were approximately more than 27 million stamp collectors at that time .
To meet the stamp collecting demand from the great numbers of philatelists , the postal administration printed large numbers of stamp sets and sheetlets , based on the number of people who ordered stamps at that time .
In the last few years , for a variety of reasons , a large number of stamp collectors have been lost and no longer collect stamps .
In order to cash out , these people dumped the 1992 - 2005 stamps that they had collected onto the market in large volumes , causing supply to exceed demand .
This is the second source .
 Sell - offs by big collectors : in the stamp speculation in 1997 , quite a few large collectors having financial resources also bought back their stamp sheets from this period as short - term investments .
Now in order to cash out , they are also dumping them on the markets at a loss .
This is the third source .
 Underused : these stamps have been underused over the past few years , forming a large reserve in the market .
When the stamps were at their most discounted , a 50 - yuan sheetlet was 10 yuan , about 80 % off ; an 8 - yuan sheetlet was 2.4 yuan , about 70 % off ; and a 5 - yuan sheetlet was 1.8 yuan , about 64 % off .
The discounts were even deeper on stamp sets , though they might not be sold even at these discounts .
This is the fourth source .
 Oversupply of new stamps : it is well known that for many years the number of new stamps released has been very large .
Everyone knows this , so there is no need to make further comment .
This is the fifth source .
Over the last ten - plus years , discounted sheets of stamps have been like ghosts , floating back and forth in the airspace over the stamp market , and among stamp dealers .
They are traded back and forth , but never disappear .
They are such an inexplicable embarrassment .
But to take a materialist view of them , their existence is a fact , and we should be sure not to ignore them .
And if we ask how to get rid of discount stamps ?
Some say that those who make a mess should clean it up .
I think that wherever they came from , that 's where they should go back to .
 Use them up : public service departments should make serving the people their highest aim .
They should address all the issues raised by NPC Deputy Yang Xianlong in his proposal concerning stamps , and should act in good faith in their work .
Good policies and good approaches will certainly bring good results and good returns .
The difficulty of using stamps for the general public is a major sticking point .
For historical reasons , the discounting of stamps has been widespread , with deep discount rates and long duration .
If these stamps are not permitted to be used , this is sure to harm the interests of the owners of the stamps ; if they are permitted to be used , then there will be a certain effect on the current revenues of the postal service .
It seems to be a contradiction not easy to resolve .
In fact , the newly - established China Post Group only needs to consider the big picture , to think about the future , to increase the rate at which stamps are used .
To further improve the postal reforms , the State Post Bureau should improve its supervision of postal services .
CPG should operate under supervision , and there should be no more violation of regulations .
This is the first way to get rid of them .
 Collect them all : first , increase the number of stamp collectors by encouraging new people to join in stamp collecting .
Second , at all levels , all over the country , organize specific philatelic events that are conducive to a healthy body and mind and conducive to improving people 's temperament .
Third , increase guidance to stamp collectors ' associations in their work .
Fourth , promote philatelic culture on all fronts , bring stamp collecting events into schools , into villages , into factories , into army bases , into residential communities , and into the homes of millions .
If old friends return and new people also join in , and the number of stamp collectors again reaches 15 million or more , then we are honestly a little doubtful whether these few stamps will be enough for everyone to share .
If there are n't enough for everyone to share , then the price of stamps will naturally rise .
This would then naturally solve the problem of discounted stamps .
This is the second way to get rid of them .
Buy them back : there are two buy - back methods : one is a policy buy - back , which is the postal service dealing with discount stamps -LRB- at least important stamps -RRB- with a state buy - back .
At present this seems to be rather difficult .
Second is a market buy - back , using the lever of market economy .
This takes the stamps bought at bottom discount rates on the market and sells them again to the public to use on correspondence , speeding up the use of discount stamps .
This involves the restructured postal administration taking part in market operations , reducing the pressure of discount stamps .
After a period of operation , this problem can be solved very effectively .
This approach can be considered quite a realistic method .
This is the third way to get rid of them .
Controlling the source : first is that you absolutely can not think that because the price of stamps is heading back towards their value , because the price has risen a little , another opportunity for dumping stamps at low prices has come , and again start playing tricks with overprints .
This is the limit of good faith , you absolutely must not , oh , this is a must .
From the facts that this year 's year stamps are not being discounted , and the rate of discount on discounted stamps in the market has reduced significantly , it is enough to show that the postal policies are already starting to have an effect .
Only in this way will the numbers of stamps on the market start to decrease , and stamps move onto a healthy path of appreciation .
When stamps have risen in value to a certain degree , even if you ask someone to , he wo n't use stamps that are worth more than their face value as postage .
The more stamps appreciate , the fewer stamps will surely be used as postage .
This reasoning is obvious .
Second is using the scientific approach to development to decide the quantities of stamps distributed .
When the quantity of stamps distributed is large or too great , the practice of stamp collecting is damaged .
The number of stamp collectors is then greatly reduced .
This has been proved by past events .
The quantities distributed of new stamps must be appropriate for the actual situation .
Too many is no good ; too few is no good either .
This is the fourth way to get rid of them .
The destiny of discount stamps is : they came gradually , they 'll go gradually , and despite everything we 'll redouble our speed .
Is Blast Demolition Implementation of the Scientific View of Development ?
613305
Posted by -LSB- Qiangguo Wenhai -RSB- at Jan 13 , 2007 13:34:56 -LSB- SMS -RSB- -LSB- Tables -RSB- .
Is Blast Demolition Implementation of the Scientific View of Development ?
Wenhai .
While I was watching a TV channel , I heard from its news , " the tallest building beside the West Lake in Hangzhou was blast demolished only 14 years after completion , because it ruined the West Lake views . "
It is said blasting this " image project " reflects " the scientific view of development " of this Hangzhou government .
It is unbelievable to see the report associate the blast demolition with the scientific view of development .
The high riser has only been used for 14 years .
What does it mean by 14 years ?
If some messy buildings are left undecorated after six years of completion , I think it is not inappropriate at all to describe 14 years as " brand new . "
It took such a great fortune to build a high riser like this , and now it is blasted at an order .
How wasteful it is in ordinary people 's eyes .
I will never ever believe everyone in Hangzhou has a place to live in without any impoverished households .
If such a great fortune was from government appropriation , how many tax payers were needed ?
If it was invested by some business person , how many machines were needed to run and how many workers were needed to be busy ?
How many people can receive education and healthcare , among other things , with such a great fortune ?
What is the scientific view of development ?
The core is putting people first .
The scientific view of development will never waste resources at will , or let people bleed and toil in vain .
The scientific view of development emphasizes a conservation - minded society .
The scientific view of development focuses on urban planning .
Maybe some people say this tall building has ruined the West Lake views , and now we have attached importance to the scientific view of development .
I would say please wait .
If Hangzhou has only this one " image project , " the blast of which could restore its original state , it can be barely regarded as " scientific development . "
The problem is whether it will work ?
Hangzhou belongs to people of the entire nation .
So many Chinese have been to Hangzhou .
The Leifeng Tower was fallen down for years , which also symbolized the emancipation of Chinese women , but later on a lot of money was invested to build a fake tower standing beside the West Lake .
A tour guide said : " people often went up to explore the relics before it was built , but they have become reluctant to go up after it was built . "
This affects the West Lake , reducing tourists at the scenic spot .
Should we also push over the fake Leifeng Tower ?
Even if it were pushed over , would things go back to " people going up to explore relics ? "
Thus , blasting the high riser can not be associated with the scientific view of development .
When it was first built , it was for image in spite of public objections .
Some netizens even said it was for political feats , dining out , going on inspection tours , contract awarding , and various other benefits .
If the construction was for image , then the scientific view of development should never be the excuse for its blast demolition .
If it is really designed to implement the scientific view of development , then simply erect a plate at the " fake Leifeng Tower , " which indicates " who " managed the construction of the fake tower .
I guarantee there will be tourists exploring relics .
-LRB- Original works of Wenhai -RRB- .
yan
Construction is science development , and blast demolition is scientific development .
-LSB- CJPT -RSB- Roach : Risk Capital Will Be the Next Bubble .
Cnews
Poster : Cnews -LRB- chinanews -RRB- , Section : BusinessNews .
Topic : -LSB- CJPT -RSB- Roach : Risk Capital Will Be the Next Bubble .
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Mon Jan 22 21:09:59 2007 -RRB- , Dump .
 Morgan Stanley 's leading economist , Stephen Roach .
Several major lessons of 2006 rather reasonably explain the main developing trends in last year 's markets , namely that the current situation in the financial markets embodies the effects of all these developments interacting with one another .
In particular , in an era of excess current capital , risk capital high - income company bonds , structural credit products , emerging market securities and even staple commodities will be the next bubble .
Global rebalancing .
This is a topic that I have spent much of the last five years trying to get people to be concerned about .
To put it simply , the rebalancing theory holds that if the gap between countries with trade surpluses and deficits continues to expand , it will harm the sustained growth of the world 's economy .
In the last two years , regular account deficits in the U.S. averaged more than 800 billion dollars annually ; the U.S. accepted nearly 70 % of the earned surplus reserve of the world 's other countries , the equivalent of needing to bring in some 35 billion dollars per average business day in outside financial burden .
In a nutshell , the rebalancing plan the world so urgently needs is nothing more than a thorough reshaping of the global savings mix - that is , an improvement in the U.S. savings rate , which has been stagnant for a long time , and a lessening of excessive savings in other countries -LRB- especially in Asia and the Middle East -RRB- .
If the world 's savings mix does not change , the rebalancing theory holds that the situation will be very harmful to outside financing in deficit economic systems .
As for the United States , this will augur low exchange rates for the U.S. dollar , and an expansion of effective interest rates on U.S. - dollar capital .
But this did not happen in 2006 .
Although as the end of the year approached the U.S. dollar dropped somewhat , and effective interest rates continued to climb , this movement was still very far from the radical adjustments predicted by the framework of the rebalancing theory .
This phenomenon has two possible explanations : one is that other factors cropped up and intervened ; the other is that the theory basically does not stand up .
I choose the former ; I believe the reason lies in the prolongation of the period of excess current capital worldwide and the policy of central banks in Asia and the Middle East of buying up U.S. dollars .
So long as these forces are in play , the effects on financial markets recognized by the rebalancing theory will continue to be softened .
Globalized tracks .
Last year was an important milestone in the globalization process .
Benefiting from an acceleration in the pace of transnational integration , global trade for the first time accounted for a record - setting 30 % - plus of global GDP in 2006 .
From 1998 to 2006 , the increase in global trade accounted for fully 42 % of the overall increase in the world 's total output value .
This kind of trade concentration has the potential for a huge macroeconomic impact on global growth .
The rapidly exploding supply of goods and services from low - production - cost developing countries is equivalent in terms of function to a strong anti-inflationary counterblast blowing on the developed world .
Despite rapid rises in energy costs , it is estimated that in 2006 the CPI inflation rate in the industrialized countries was only 24 % , about the same as inflation levels in 2005 , which were affected by energy factors , but each year 's " core " elements did not change much .
Although the labor and product markets in most large industrial nations are gradually improving , sustained low inflation is increasingly becoming a global force , exerting an effective counterbalance effect on internal pressures that have always contributed to inflation in developed countries .
U.S. Real Estate Bubble Shock .
Like the stock market bubble six years ago , another prime - assets bubble burst in 2006 ; this time it was the huge U.S. real estate bubble .
Just as the bursting of the 2000 - 01 stock market bubble led to mild collapse , I am worried that people are discarding too quickly the risk of a similar situation occurring in 2007 .
First , adjustment of the housing market has just begun ; taking the number of workers in the U.S. home construction industry as an example , current figures are only 15 % below the cumulative increase over the last five years .
Second , over-indebted American consumers with their insufficient savings are using their increasingly overvalued houses to support their excessive consumption ; and now housing prices are turning soft , people are losing their rights to redeem their mortgage , and consumer demand will face greater pressures .
Third , in the presence of a dim outlook for housing and consumer markets and high sensitivity to forecasts of ultimate market demand , capital expenditure plans may slacken ; orders for core capital products declined consecutively in November and December , 2006 , indicating that the adjustment in this area may already be under way .
Just like the stock market bubble six years ago , widespread public opinion holds that any damage done by the recent asset bubble will be kept within the U.S. housing construction industry .
I believe this is a classic example of not learning our lesson .
The Staple Commodities Cycle .
The view that commodity markets have supercycles ran into a serious challenge in 2006 .
Oil prices slipped by more than 25 % from their mid-July peak and the price of natural gas fell by more than 30 % , and prices for major metals like copper , which are sensitive to economic trends , showed signs of weakening at the end of the year .
The main premise of the supercycle theory hangs on an extremely reliable shortage of staple commodities ; this shortage was created because in the last 20 - odd years there has been a shortage of capital to invest in building new capacity for acquisition and processing .
Whereas the advance of globalization will spur sources of new demand from China , India and other commodity - intensive economic systems , asymmetry between supply and increasingly fierce demand causes exponents of supercycles to issue the highest commodity price forecasts in history .
In my view , this does not give adequate consideration to latent demand cycles in commodity markets .
The American real estate market shock is an example of this ; a sluggish market will cause demand for many materials sensitive to the homebuilding industry to drop sharply .
However , the real demand cycle may depend on China , an economic system that accounts only for approximately 5 % of the world 's GDP , but whose increased consumption of oil and key metals accounted for fully 50 % of total global growth last year .
Influenced by the slowing of exports to the United States , combined with the deliberate cool - down in the overheated investment sector , China 's growth will slow next year .
These demand factors will be adequate to deliver a decisive blow to the supercycle view of the supply - driven commodity market .
But will the lessons of 2006 be the key to success in 2007 ?
Of course things are not as simple as that .
We can undoubtedly draw some important lessons and tips from last year 's economy , but there is another important thing here ; I still believe that the two main engines driving global growth will slow down under the influence of the burst real estate bubble in the United States and the cool - down in investments in China .
Even though I do not believe the global economy is in for a hard landing , if global growth slips one percentage point below the average of 49 % for the last four years , I will not think it unexpected .
My greatest concern is that people continue to treat lightly the continually booming risk assets markets ; they include high - yield corporate bonds , institutional credit products , emerging market securities and even staple commodities , and this is going to be the next bubble .
However , like the stock and real estate markets , the economy tells us that the extreme case of the asset markets can always last longer than we anticipate , particularly in a time of excess current capital , but if the risk assets bubble lasts another year , it may cause more problems .
--
* Revision :  Cnews on Jan 22 21:10:06 Revised text  -LSB- FROM : 219.142. -RSB- .
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 219.142. -RSB- .
[dasanicool] On North Chongqing Road near an overpass in Liuting Township , Chengyang , Qingdao City , a South Korean who does not know any Chinese can easily enjoy his habitual lifestyle : shopping , eating in restaurants , relaxing in bars at night , or soaking in a bathing center .
If he parties until near dawn and feels hungry , he can easily find a 24 - hour restaurant -- this kind of restaurant is very common in South Korea .
[dasanicool] This street only about 500 meters long is thickly lined with as many as one hundred stores .
[dasanicool] Inside and outside the stores , Korean words are almost exclusively used .
[dasanicool] The few Chinese characters also have a strong Korean flavor : " Korean Ginseng Chicken Soup , " " Loess House for Heat Therapy , " " Golden Bamboo Hat . "
[dasanicool] The service people speak Korean , and the large majority of customers are Korean .
[dasanicool] Walking at this place dubbed " Korea Street " by locals seems like walking in an ordinary small Korean town .
Only the road signs marked in Chinese and pinyin on the side of the street make you suddenly realize that this is Qingdao , China , a northern port city only one hour and 10 minutes by air from South Korea .
[dasanicool] When the first South Korean company set foot in Qingdao in 1989 , the impression left by South Koreans on Qingdao residents was that of profit - seeking businesspeople , no different from other foreign businesspeople .
[dasanicool] However , they are now integrating themselves into Qingdao residents ' lives as neighbors .
[dasanicool] Pointing at a residential subdivision near Zhongshang Plaza on Zhangzhou No. 2 Road , a Korean Chinese working as an interpreter for South Koreans said : " In this neighborhood , 40 % of the residents are South Korean . "
[dasanicool] According to officially released statistics , there are more than 5,500 South Korean companies in Qingdao , and over 50,000 South Korean permanent residents .
[dasanicool] Adding the fluctuating population , this figure rises to 100,000 .
[dasanicool] Meanwhile , there are about 2.2 million permanent urban residents in Qingdao .
[dasanicool] There is a saying circulating in Qingdao : " Running into a South Korean is not odd .
What is odd is not running into a South Korean . "
[dasanicool] This is what South Koreans generally look like to Qingdao residents : they walk hurriedly , full of plans to make money ; they look serious , and most drive cars of South Korean make such as Hyundai or Daewoo .
[dasanicool] Young people like to race high - power motorcycles late at night and revel in bars well after dark .
[dasanicool] " They are easily recognizable .
Those hanging around outside the bar -LRB- the chief entertainment and recreation venue for South Koreans in Qingdao -RRB- at 1:00 a.m. are usually South Koreans .
Qingdao residents do n't like to go to bars , and are long in bed by this hour .
Furthermore , they do n't speak Chinese fluently or do n't even know Chinese .
You know who they are the moment they open their mouths . "
That 's how Ms. Wang , a resident in the subdivision Hong Kong Garden near Zhongshang Plaza , described her impression of South Koreans .
[dasanicool] In this subdivision , rental unit ads are often written in Korean , and many houses are rented to South Koreans .
[dasanicool] With a nice climate and convenient transportation , Qingdao is considered the most suitable city to live in for South Koreans .
[dasanicool] There are as many as 37 flights weekly from Qingdao to Seoul -LRB- now called Seoul -RRB- , Daegu , and Pusan in South Korea .
There are also more than four ferry trips to and from Incheon every week .
[dasanicool] More and more South Koreans are flocking to Qingdao .
[dasanicool] In 2002 there were nearly 20,000 South Korean permanent residents in Qingdao , which increased to 30,000 in 2003 , and soared to over 50,000 in 2004 .
[dasanicool] Representative Hwang Jae - won from the Qingdao representative office of KOTRA said , " They usually move here with their whole families .
The husbands go to work at South Korean companies , the children attend elementary or secondary schools in Qingdao , and the wives take care of household chores while studying Chinese at school .
South Koreans consider here to be their second hometown . "
[dasanicool] Some South Koreans even overtly say that they are so happy living in Qingdao that they do n't miss South Korea .
[dasanicool] South Korea 's " The Chosum Ilbo " says that Qingdao is gradually being " Koreanized . "
[dasanicool] Relevant municipal government departments have at least one dedicated direct line for connecting in Korean .
[dasanicool] Most companies are staffed with Korean translators .
[dasanicool] Some hospitals have unveiled Korean - style services .
[dasanicool] Some hotels , restaurants , and bars are even exclusively open for South Koreans .
[dasanicool] When Chinese enter these venues , they feel no different from going abroad .
They see South Korean people and South Korean words , they hear Korean language .
Service personnel are all ethnic Koreans dressed in Korean style .
[dasanicool] Currently , Qingdao has one Korean language newspaper and a set of Korean language TV programs .
[dasanicool] There is a saying circulating in Qingdao : as long as you can speak Chinese , you wo n't get lost , and as long as you can speak Korean , you will have no trouble finding a job .
[dasanicool] " This is a city where you do n't need to speak Chinese to talk business . "
This is how Chang Oh - soo , secretary general of the Association of South Korean Entrepreneurs , overtly describes South Koreans ' impression of Qingdao .
[dasanicool] Statistics show that South Koreans have brought a total of more than 5 billion US dollars of investment to Qingdao and provided jobs for 330,000 people .
Of the top 20 exporting companies in Qingdao , South Korean companies account for nearly half .
[dasanicool] However , ordinary Qingdao residents do not see the benefits only that South Koreans have brought .
[dasanicool] In Chengyang District , where South Korean companies are most concentrated , there is a South Korean residential area , Yuehua Garden .
[dasanicool] Its environment is one of the best in Chengyang .
[dasanicool] " More than 80 % of the residents are South Korean .
The rest are Japanese .
Residences here are not rented to Chinese . "
[dasanicool] An entrance guard , who claims to have been here for many years , said to a reporter : " It is fine if you want to rent a house for your Korean boss , but it is definitely impossible for youself . "
[dasanicool] Pointing at the sign on the gate that says " Residential Subdivision for Foreign Businesspeople , " he said : " This is a residential area for foreigners .
Chinese are usually not allowed inside .
This is for security , ah . "
[dasanicool] Locals all know Yuehua Garden , jokingly calling it " the South Korean Village . "
[dasanicool] Locals ' most common evaluation of South Koreans is " average . "
[dasanicool] Workers at South Korean companies are mostly recruited from the Yimeng region .
[dasanicool] Locals usually do not want to work for South Korean companies .
[dasanicool] " If they go , they usually work as management personnel or after working for a period of time , they will quit to open a small store . "
[dasanicool] In the city of Qingdao , the sense of superiority that South Koreans sometimes exhibit has also caused some citizens to be displeased .
[dasanicool] In Qingdao many Korean restaurants , bathing centers , fitness clubs , and bars owned by South Koreans or Korean Chinese are exclusively open for South Koreans , with Korean language used exclusively inside .
[dasanicool] " Service people are friendly to South Koreans .
When Chinese go inside and their language betrays that they are not South Koreans , the service attitude immediately goes down . "
[dasanicool] Hwang Jae - won has lived in China for six years .
Although he has been in Qingdao for only about four months , to him there is only some discord between South Koreans and Qingdao residents .
No direct conflicts exist .
[dasanicool] " Nothing like the direct conflict between South Koreans and Chinese in other cities and certain communities in China has taken place . "
[dasanicool] South Koreans sometimes also feel dissatisfied with Qingdao residents .
[dasanicool] Young Lee Byang - yul came to Qingdao in September 2004 and opened an exclusive roller skating store in the southern area of the city .
[dasanicool] What makes Lee Byang - yul uncomfortable is that most Chinese people pay no attention to small details .
They spit wherever they want , jostle onto buses , and toss coins with one hand when returning change .
[dasanicool] " This is considered very impolite in South Korea .
South Koreans must stoop slightly and hold things properly with both hands when passing things .
I have had very unpleasant experiences with Chinese over this issue . "
[dasanicool] Hwang Jae - won feels both happy and worried about the arrival of large numbers of South Koreans in Qingdao .
" The economy in South Korea is not good .
You can find more room for development in Qingdao .
But Qingdao is very close to South Korea .
Some low - quality South Koreans have also come .
They will damage South Korea 's image .
In fact , what can represent South Korea 's image and power are large corporations like Samsung .
Unlike the numerous small and medium - sized South Korean companies in Qingdao , they are truly large international companies . "
[dasanicool] Speaking about South Koreans who discriminate against Chinese people , Lee Byang - yul said : " They do n't understand China .
In Seoul some South Koreans think China is still as poor and backward as in the past , while some people think China is not the same as before .
There are all kinds of opinions .
I wanted to come here to see for myself . "
[dasanicool] He also expressed his concern that some low - quality South Koreans will damage South Koreans ' image .
[dasanicool] In fact Lee Byang - yul is showing his Chinese employees a totally different image from that of the traditional South Korean bosses who have caused great controversy .
[dasanicool] He wears loose casual clothes , his hair is dyed yellow , and a baseball cap sits askew on his head as he sits on the staircase talking to employees .
[dasanicool] Accompanying him is not a fierce - looking dog but a cell phone .
[dasanicool] He does not count the minutes when employees go to the restroom .
[dasanicool] Employees can even talk and laugh loudly in his presence .
[dasanicool] Lee Byang - yul tries hard to prove to Chinese and South Korean people around him that true South Korean people should be civilized , well - cultivated , open - minded , and compassionate .
[dasanicool] " With a new generation of college - educated young people gradually arriving in Qingdao , there will be more people of this kind that represent the image of South Korea . "
[dasanicool] Some Chinese employees in Qingdao 's South Korean companies consider South Koreans too exclusive .
[dasanicool] " When they come to China , they feel drawn to South Koreans .
When they go shopping , they buy only South Korean products .
A pack of Chinese cigarettes sells for 15 yuan in Qingdao 's Tudari Restaurant , while outside it is 5 yuan a pack .
Yet they go out of their way to buy in Tudari because Tudari is a South Korean brand . "
[dasanicool] A Qingdao University student who has not yet graduated describes his South Korean boss this way : " All office supplies must be South Korean brands .
Daily necessities must be bought from the community convenience store exclusively serving South Koreans .
All the merchandise here is imported from South Korea , at two or three times the price of the same merchandise in China . "
[dasanicool] There are also some Qingdao residents who think South Koreans are more patriotic .
" This is their strong point . "
[dasanicool] Lee Byang - yul advises South Koreans in Qingdao to do good deeds , to gain mutual understanding with Chinese , so as not to tarnish the image of South Koreans when they come to China .
[dasanicool] " I will buy a house in Qingdao after making enough money , but I will not buy one in a residential area for foreign businesspeople that is not open to Chinese .
I want to make friends with Chinese people and be their neighbors . "
[daigaku] There are even more South Koreans in Beijing .
The estimate is now 300,000 at least .
[daigaku] But South Koreans do not have privileges in Beijing , nor are they specially favored -LRB- perhaps because there are more foreigners in Beijing -RRB- .
[daigaku] -LSB- In the contribution by dasanicool -LRB- Drink more water -RRB- , it was mentioned : -RSB-
[daigaku] : On North Chongqing Road near an overpass in Liuting Township , Chengyang , Qingdao City , a South Korean who does not know any Chinese can easily enjoy [daigaku] : his habitual lifestyle : shopping , eating in restaurants , relaxing in bars at night , or soaking in a bathing center .
If he parties until near [daigaku] : dawn and feels hungry , he can easily find a 24 - hour restaurant -- this kind of restaurant is very common in South Korea .
[daigaku] : This street only about 500 meters long is thickly lined with as many as one hundred stores .
Inside and outside the stores , Korean words are almost exclusively used .
[daigaku] : The few Chinese characters also have a strong Korean flavor : " Korean Ginseng Chicken Soup , " " Loess House for Heat Therapy , " " Golden Bamboo Hat . "
The service [daigaku] : people speak Korean , and the large majority of customers are Korean .
Walking at this place dubbed " Korea Street " by locals seems like [daigaku] : walking in an ordinary small Korean town .
Only the road signs marked in Chinese and pinyin on the side of the street make you suddenly realize that this is [daigaku] : Qingdao , China , a northern port city only one hour and 10 minutes by air from South Korea .
When in 1989 the first [daigaku] : South Korean company set foot in Qingdao , the impression left by South Koreans on Qingdao residents was that of profit - seeking businesspeople , no different from other foreign businesspeople .
[daigaku] : However , they are now integrating themselves into Qingdao residents ' lives as neighbors .
A Korean Chinese acting as interpreter for South Koreans
[dos] It is not that I do n't understand ; this world is changing fast --
[wynners] Will there be a day when Koreans say Qingdao belongs to Koreans ?
[wynners] -LSB- In the contribution by dasanicool -LRB- Drink more water -RRB- , it was mentioned : -RSB-
[wynners] : On North Chongqing Road near an overpass in Liuting Township , Chengyang , Qingdao City , a South Korean who does not know any Chinese can easily enjoy [wynners] : his habitual lifestyle : shopping , eating in restaurants , relaxing in bars at night , or soaking in a bathing center .
If he parties until near [wynners] : dawn and feels hungry , he can easily find a 24 - hour restaurant -- this kind of restaurant is very common in South Korea .
[wynners] : This street only about 500 meters long is thickly lined with as many as one hundred stores .
Inside and outside the stores , Korean words are almost exclusively used .
[wynners] : The few Chinese characters also have a strong Korean flavor : " Korean Ginseng Chicken Soup , " " Loess House for Heat Therapy , " " Golden Bamboo Hat . "
The service [wynners] : people speak Korean , and the large majority of customers are Korean .
Walking at this place dubbed " Korea Street " by locals seems like [wynners] : walking in an ordinary small Korean town .
Only the road signs marked in Chinese and pinyin on the side of the street make you suddenly realize that this is [wynners] : Qingdao , China , a northern port city only one hour and 10 minutes by air from South Korea .
When in 1989 the first [wynners] : South Korean company set foot in Qingdao , the impression left by South Koreans on Qingdao residents was that of profit - seeking businesspeople , no different from other foreign businesspeople .
[wynners] : However , they are now integrating themselves into Qingdao residents ' lives as neighbors .
A Korean Chinese acting as interpreter for South Koreans
[minotaur] Is n't that Jiandao incident just like this ?
[minotaur] At the beginning they crossed the border to farm the land like thieves .
Then they had the shame to say their government at that time carried out effective administration there .
[minotaur] The reason is that it collected taxes from a handful of people .
[minotaur] They did n't even consider that Chinese lived there for three or four hundred years .
[minotaur] As a comparison , it is as if your family , out of good will , entertains a guest from afar , but after a few days he says all your property is his family 's .
[minotaur] The reason is , ah , that he took the things you used for hosting him , and gave them to his family two days ago .
So , he is considered to have managed your home effectively .
So , your whole family must get out , while leaving the house and household property behind .
[minotaur] -LSB- In the contribution by wynners -LRB- Rain or shine , owning nothing -RRB- , it was mentioned : -RSB-
[minotaur] : Will there be a day when Koreans say Qingdao belongs to Koreans ?
Is it Really Healthy to Drink Milk on Empty Stomach ?
Healthy and happy
Protein will be wasted to drinking milk on empty stomach ?
Some say drinking milk on empty stomach will consume the protein wastefully as energy ,
but actually milk contains about 45 % lactose , which is carbohydrate that will decompose first to supply energy and save protein .
In addition , milk also contains about 3 % fat , which also plays the role of supplying energy .
Therefore , drinking milk on empty stomach will not lead to protein waste .
The fact that infants under the age of one can drink milk on empty stomach and absorb nutrients proves that milk contains a variety of nutrients that can be fully used by the human body .
Even if the digestion rate will be slightly lowered , it is healthier to drink milk on empty stomach than to eat nothing the whole morning when there is no time for breakfast .
Tip : drink boiled water before milk .
It is not appropriate to take milk as the only drink in the early morning .
When you get up in the morning , it 's better to drink a big glass of boiled water -LRB- light honey water is better in case of a dry indoor environment during the heating season -RRB- before consuming milk .
As milk has higher osmotic pressure , it is far less quick and effective compared to boiled water in terms of supplying moisture .
Who can not drink milk on empty stomach ?
What needs our attention is that if there are abdominal distention or diarrhea after drinking milk , it is then indeed inappropriate to drink a lot of milk with on empty stomach .
It is better to have some starchy food before you drink milk in multiple small serves , and it is better to have yogurt .
Experts said milk can not be consumed on empty stomach 20 years ago , because Chinese had few chances to drink milk .
Once they were weaned from breast milk , they hardly saw any dairy products .
Long - term separation from dairy products led to " lactose intolerance " of the body .
People suffered abdominal distention , diarrhea or dyspepsia whenever they drink milk .
If they drink too fast , especially drinking milk on empty stomach , the symptom would exacerbate .
Now time is different , and the diet pattern has also changed .
Many children and young people often consume milk , yogurt , ice cream and even cheese since childhood , which bring them strong ability to digest milk lactose .
Even if they drink milk on empty stomach , they will not feel uncomfortable .
So , the so - called remark of " no milk on an empty stomach " should be changed , at least with a premise added , instead of being generalized .
Click for more detailed information www.120zy.com .
[jilian] To speak of China 's strategic nuclear strike capacity : with the successful test - firing of a submarine - based ICBM , and General Zhu Chenghu 's revelation of China 's strategic nuclear strike capacity sufficient to " bury hundreds of American cities even at the same time as all Chinese cities east of Xi'an were being destroyed , " the " intelligence " that the " highly effective " US intelligence departments have been assuredly apprising Japan and Taiwanese separatists of " for decades without changing " that " China has only 20 ICBMs capable of hitting the US , " has become a " joke " like " Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction , " along with the mighty image of " a USA impervious to China 's nuclear threat and capable of protecting Taiwanese separatists and Japanese who threaten China 's core interests . "
[jilian] Following the above " joke , " " the effectiveness " of " the missile defense system " that the US used to effectively neutralize the " Chinese and Russian " nuclear threat , relying heavily on its space satellite system , was once again suddenly turned into a " joke " by Chinese weapons .
[jilian] Because of this , the last fig - leaf of Washington 's " absolute capacity " in East Asia , the Middle East and Europe to serve as the " military protector of Japan , Taiwanese separatists , Israel and Poland " has fallen away .
[jilian] Liu Jianchao 's advice -- " for Japan , following the road of peace is in its most basic interests " -- was not spoken lightly .
[jilian] Obviously , given that the nuclear strike capacities of " China and Russia " both have the capacity to destroy the US ; given that both " China and Russia " have announced that they " possess " the capacity to completely wreck the " missile defense system , " the construction of which the US has dragged Japan and Poland into contributing funds for ; if those countries or forces hope to rely on the nuclear protection of the US and are ready to take whatever they can get in a " China - Russia - US " conflict , they may have to watch out .
[jilian] Do n't let everything you have get smashed to smithereens without getting anything good out of it .
[jilian] It is very clear that if " China , Russia or the US " really want to start an action for the sake of their own space within which they can strategically develop , then restrained by the reality of " nuclear destruction , " they will most likely use their force against the " strategic pivots " of their enemies .
[jilian] The Americans ' strategic pivots first off include Japan and Israel .
[jilian] Therefore , as for the Taiwan Strait issue , in the eyes of Eastday commentators , Liu Jianchao 's advice a few days ago , that " for Japan , following the road of peace is in its most basic interests , " was absolutely not spoken lightly .
[jilian] As soon as there is a change in the Taiwan Strait , as soon as China and the US have knocked out all of each other 's military satellites , then in the East Asian airspace that is " even closer " to China , US aircraft carriers will have no way to get close for back - up , due to the threat from the attacks by China 's long - distance conventional weapons .
[jilian] As a result for the F - 22 , which has " impressive " stealth capabilities against airborne phased - array radar , but " greatly reduced " stealth capabilities against China 's land - based high power phased - array radar and high power long - wavelength radar ; [jilian] given that they will not be supported by satellite intelligence , will not be supported by EWR aircraft intelligence , [jilian] given that the F - 22 will be forced to turn on its own airborne radar to enter combat ; [jilian] given that all the airfields of the F - 15 and F - 16 squadrons of the " US and Japan " will be within the range of China 's long - range armaments ; [jilian] faced with a large fleet of fighter planes made up of fighters such as the J - 10s and J - 11s with Beyond Visual Range air and sea strike capabilities , with land - based radar picking targets , carrying " pl - 12 " medium - range guided air - to - air missiles , highly maneuverable and with a large enough combat radius ; as well as the J - 8d and f , with their good high - altitude and high - speed features ; how much real chance of victory is there ?
[jilian] Particularly in tactical terms , China could surely forward deploy large numbers of unmanned reconnaissance vehicles with highly matured technology .
[jilian] This also means " extending " the " aerial reconnaissance platform " out ahead of their own squadrons , [jilian] performing comprehensive search with optical and magnetic reconnaissance technology , conducting joint search and positioning with AWACS and ground - based radar systems , and directing J - 10s , J - 11s and J - 8s to targets .
[jilian] This way in the airspace over the East China Sea and Taiwan Strait , it can definitely use geographical superiority to greatly restrict the stealth advantage of the F - 22 and to magnify their numerical disadvantage .
[jilian] Obviously , given China 's ability to " attack the intelligence chain , " faced with China 's mighty capacity for precision long - range strikes , unable to receive support from land or naval forces , as soon as they also lose the effective support of their advantageous military space reconnaissance satellites , in reality , the US air force and navy that rely heavily on space intelligence , with no superiority of numbers and far from its US homeland -- we do n't think their chances of victory are great if they are fighting right next to China .
[jilian] If the US Tries This Trick , Can China Deal with it ?
[jilian] In dealing with China , the US always likes to use its hard side -- its great military strength .
[jilian] This is very expensive , and is also very dangerous to itself -LRB- particularly if China uses force against Taiwan -RRB- , and will not necessarily achieve the desired result .
[jilian] But if the US changes to another method of dealing with China , it might be much more effective .
[jilian] If the US wants to crush China , it should find out what China 's biggest weakness is .
[jilian] This is the only way to really hit the spot .
[jilian] I personally think China 's biggest weakness at the moment is " corruption . "
[jilian] The problem of corruption arises in every country ,
[jilian] but what 's worrying is that in China today official corruption is too widespread .
Even more worrying is the public 's level of acceptance of corruption .
[jilian] With this weak point in mind , the key to crushing China does not lie in setting up however many bases around China or preparing however much world class weaponry .
It just needs the US government to use half an aircraft carrier - worth of money to set up a fund , and secretly bribe China 's key officials .
[jilian] It would n't look good for a government to undertake this kind of slimy activity .
A company or individual could be asked to do it .
[jilian] Bribery targets : key officials in the central government , key officials in regional governments , general managers of large state owned enterprises , and elites .
In addition , let their children go to school in the US and train them to be " top returned Chinese " that work for the US .
[jilian] In less than 20 years , see if China can still deal with it .
[jilian] This is the simplest and most effective technique for defeating one 's enemy soldiers without fighting .
[] Tricks of the trade of writing social science articles .
[] <POSTER> alvarado
[alvarado] This semester I took a professional writing course , the teacher 's lectures were very interesting , about how to frame an article , lots of it was stuff I previously overlooked .
Here I 'm going to present it for everyone to share .
[alvarado] Warning : the technique does n't guarantee that your article will be published ; to a very large extent this will be determined by the quality of your work .
[alvarado] How to frame the article and how to master some tricks are very , very useful .
[alvarado] One extreme case is a professor who originally graduated from our department ; you could say she 's one of America 's best field workers , the quality of the things she does is extremely high , and most people do n't attain the difficulty of her field work .
[alvarado] She is able to get low - income single mothers to record their income and expenditures every month and can also get them to tell her their sources of unlawful income .
[alvarado] Plus , she 's white , the product of a middle - class home , and the targets of her research are almost all black and Latina .
[alvarado] But the early articles she published , despite having a large influence , were a failure in terms of structure .
[alvarado] The most interesting thing is that she first went to Rutgers -LRB- in this discipline it 's a second - tier school -RRB- , but she did n't get tenure .
Our teacher is a friend of hers and says the main reason is that she ca n't write articles , and the number published is rather low .
[alvarado] Later , after she figured it out , based on her original work , she published a series of extremely diverse articles , and she continued her original work ; she put out a very influential book , and needless to say she got tenure at a name school .
[alvarado] Next semester she 's going from UPenn to Harvard , and she may be the chair at Harvard .
[alvarado] So even a fine wine wo n't get sold if it 's hidden away ; good material needs to be highlighted .
[alvarado] What are the tricks here ?
[alvarado] If you 've already had articles published in top social science periodicals , no need to continue reading .
[alvarado] First , the abstract and the first three pages determine who it will be reviewed by and even whether it will be accepted .
[alvarado] The writer needs to be able to manipulate the editor ; do n't let the editor manipulate you .
[alvarado] For example , right off the bat you need to point out what area your research makes a contribution to ; you need to be completely specific , do n't beat around the bush .
[alvarado] The editor ca n't understand everything ; he first looks at the opening and the abstract , and it 's in field A ; all right , he picks four folks out of a reviewer pool .
[alvarado] Therefore you definitely need to make clear who your targeted reviewer is .
[alvarado] This is my inserted comment -RRB- The problem my Chinese classmates easily fall into is , let 's say in the context of China , which issue is very important , which issue does my article seek to resolve , all right , maybe I can get it into China Quarterly , it could go into that kind of publication .
[alvarado] But if you want to get it into a specialized publication , then you need to point out what contribution this China case makes to the field , otherwise it wo n't be sent out for review and that will kill it .
[alvarado] Next , what should you do when your target may be two different fields ?
[alvarado] One strategic choice is to figure out what your selling point is , which field your selling point is more fresh and important for , then target it at that field .
[alvarado] For example , if you feel your article is significant for two fields , A and B , but one important point in it is conventional wisdom in field A , but it is something new in field B , then target it at B .
[alvarado] Also , highlight your selling point .
[alvarado] Or if it 's a new model , variable , data , method , point , etc. , you should certainly highlight it , give it more space .
For example , the failed articles by that teacher we mentioned above basically did not highlight the difficulty and innovation of the data collected -LRB- the selling point -RRB- but just spent one paragraph on it and moved on .
[alvarado] Also , do not offend your reviewers .
[alvarado] Like a really poor literature review , other people before me were all wrong , but I 'm right with this .
[alvarado] Of course no one would be stupid enough to say it directly like that , but many failed articles contain that kind of thinking .
[alvarado] The correct approach is that previous authors did well , but I 'm pushing it a step further .
[alvarado] Or previous authors did A , B and C , they 've already discussed everything fully , but it seems they overlooked D , which has a major impact on our understanding of the field as a whole or a certain question .
[alvarado] Or previous writers had models ABC , they all explained a lot of questions , but some questions they were unable to explain , and my D can explain these while at the same time including ABC , etc .
[alvarado] In short , do n't imply that " all the people are stupid . "
[alvarado] Finally , there is also a type of research that debunks a popular view or research on a hot topic ; at the same time , it also has theoretical significance , so you want to put something eye - catching right up front so people can see it , put the public debate up front and the theoretical things after .
[alvarado] These are all little tricks ; be careful they do n't turn into overkill , LOL .
-- [alvarado] --
[alvarado] Be with the crowd , be alone , know your strengths and weaknesses ; speak not and hear not , be muddleheaded ; shun the spotlight and fame , cultivate wisdom and intelligence ; be active and at peace , leave behind the external and the internal .
[] <POSTER> UnameMe
[UnameMe] Applause , applause .
[UnameMe] Reading it once was n't enough ; the second time I absorbed it in detail .
[UnameMe] -LSB- in alvarado -LRB- Living like a squirrel -RRB- 's article : -RSB- .
[UnameMe] This semester I took a professional writing course , the teacher 's lectures were very interesting , about how to frame an article , [UnameMe] : lots of it was stuff I previously overlooked .
Here I 'm going to present it for everyone to share .
Warning : the technique does n't guarantee that your article will be published , [UnameMe] : to a very large extent this will be determined by the quality of your work .
[UnameMe] : How to frame the article and how to master some tricks are very , very useful .
One extreme case is a professor [UnameMe] : who originally graduated from our department ; you could say she 's one of America 's best field workers , the quality of the things she does is extremely high , [UnameMe] field [UnameMe] : and most people do n't attain the difficulty of her work .
She is able to get low - income single mothers to record their income and expenditures every month [UnameMe] : and can also get them to tell her their sources of unlawful income .
Plus , she 's white , the product of a middle - class home , [UnameMe] : and the targets of her research are almost all black and Latina .
But the early articles she published , despite having a large influence , [UnameMe] : were a failure in terms of structure .
The most interesting thing is that she first went to Rutgers -LRB- in this discipline it 's a second - [UnameMe] tier [UnameMe] : school -RRB- , but she did n't get tenure .
Our teacher is a friend of hers and says the main reason is that she ca n't write articles ,
[] <POSTER> kzeng
[kzeng] Bravo ! Very helpful !
[kzeng] -LSB- in alvarado -LRB- Living like a squirrel -RRB- 's article : -RSB-
[kzeng] : This semester I took a professional writing course  the teacher 's lectures were very interesting , about how to frame an article , [kzeng] : lots of it was stuff I previously overlooked .
Here I 'm going to present it for everyone to share .
Warning : the technique does n't guarantee that your article will be published , [kzeng] : to a very large extent this will be determined by the quality of your work .
[kzeng] : How to frame the article and how to master some tricks are very , very useful .
One extreme case is a professor [kzeng] : who originally graduated from our department ; you could say she 's one of America 's best field workers , the quality of the things she does is extremely high , [kzeng] field [kzeng] : and most people do n't attain the difficulty of her work .
She is able to get low - income single mothers to record their income and expenditures every month [kzeng] : and can also get them to tell her their sources of unlawful income .
Plus , she 's white , the product of a middle - class home , [kzeng] : and the targets of her research are almost all black and Latina .
But the early articles she published , despite having a large influence , [kzeng] : were a failure in terms of structure .
The most interesting thing is that she first went to Rutgers -LRB- in this discipline it 's a second - [kzeng] tier [kzeng] : school -RRB- , but she did n't get tenure .
Our teacher is a friend of hers and says the main reason is that she ca n't write articles ,
[] <POSTER> feishi
[feishi] All right , really good .
Learned a lot .
Thank you .
[feishi] -LSB- in alvarado -LRB- Living like a squirrel -RRB- 's article : -RSB-
[feishi] : This semester I took a professional writing course , the teacher 's lectures were very interesting , about how to frame an article , [feishi] : lots of it was stuff I previously overlooked .
Here I 'm going to present it for everyone to share .
Warning : the technique does n't guarantee that your article will be published , [feishi] : to a very large extent this will be determined by the quality of your work .
[feishi] : How to frame the article and how to master some tricks are very , very useful .
One extreme case is a professor [feishi] : who originally graduated from our department ; you could say she 's one of America 's best field workers , the quality of the things she does is extremely high , [feishi] field [feishi] : and most people do n't attain the difficulty of her work .
She is able to get low - income single mothers to record their income and expenditures every month [feishi] : and can also get them to tell her their sources of unlawful income .
Plus , she 's white , the product of a middle - class home , [feishi] : and the targets of her research are almost all black and Latina .
But the early articles she published , despite having a large influence , [feishi] : were a failure in terms of structure .
The most interesting thing is that she first went to Rutgers -LRB- in this discipline it 's a second - [feishi] tier [feishi] : school -RRB- , but she did n't get tenure .
Our teacher is a friend of hers and says the main reason is that she ca n't write articles ,
In an idle moment , writing about my blind date experiences -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
Dreamer
Poster : Dreamer -LRB- Do n't ask me where I 'm from -RRB- , section : Dreamer .
Topic : In an idle moment , writing about my blind date experiences -LRB- 1 -RRB- .
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Tue Jan 30 19:34:54 2007 -RRB- , Forward .
I 'm getting older , and my mom is worried about me getting married ; I 've seen a few to ogle at , but I 've cut them off , and also some have cut me off .
No success so far .
Finally somebody introduced me to one ; we made a schedule for the weekend to go to a classmate 's house for dinner , and also meet the new date .
She looked not bad ; she was a former co-worker of our classmate 's wife ; her appearance was proper , and eating and all was no problem ; I 'm just an ordinary older WSN .
mm chatted and chatted , and discovered that she and my female cousin were classmates , that was really exciting .
Then ... nothing more until after March , when I came back from a business trip ...
My schoolmate 's wife is not too bright , and she was unable to help me ask mm out about her opinion , and I was also embarrassed to ask , and all my schoolmate could do was invite us to dinner again .
mm was very happy to come to dinner , but I am rather shy -LRB- so my cousin says -RRB- .
So I did n't talk to her , and after dinner we all sang K , then my classmate 's wife suggested I see mm home .
She refused , and after that I never got together with mm again ...
That was my first time ... for a blind date ...
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : Anonymous angelic one -RSB- .
[] About the Relationship Between Patriotism and Going Abroad .
[] <POSTER> A14062
[A14062] Does it mean that one should not go abroad if he or she is patriotic ?
[A14062] -- Of course not .
Some aim to better build his / her own motherland , learning as much advanced knowledge abroad as possible , so as to offset their weaknesses with strengths and serve their own motherland better and more .
[A14062] I do n't know how many people pursue their education with this concept in mind , but I think there should be some .
[A14062] However , quite a few people go for fame and gain .
[A14062] I do not actually oppose others seeking for what they think happiness is , and it is fine for some people to live their own life and it is fine for them not to contribute to their own country after going abroad , but they would not stop slandering China in various ways , which is extremely unacceptable .
[A14062] Does one have to go abroad to study advanced stuff ?
[A14062] -- Of course not .
[A14062] Space is no longer a problem in the information society of today .
[A14062] You can find many things you need .
[A14062] The development of foreign countries are the result of the toils of their own people .
[A14062] Those who reap where they have not sown would be looked down upon wherever they go .
[A14062] Happiness is a feeling .
[A14062] The sense of happiness of overseas Chinese comes from their comparison with those in China .
[A14062] The most common are cars and also houses .
[A14062] Given the fact that everyone has a car in a foreign country , one can not feel happy for owning a car .
[A14062] They are inferior in everything else compared with foreigners .
What happiness ?
They are simply the underprivileged .
[A14062] Then he has no choice but to yell how happy he is among Chinese everyday .
[A14062] In the end , the Chinese should follow their own road without waiting , relying or complaining .
[A14062] Drastic steps should be taken to train , retain and attract talents .
The way to retain talents and attract talents could be the sense of national responsibility and certain economic measures .
[A14062] Vigorously fostering a public opinion environment where going abroad and immigration are humiliating will benefit both the nation and its people greatly .
[] <POSTER> ppww
[ppww] Those going abroad without coming back are obviously not patriotic .
They are at the most not loving or hating .
[ppww] Those being critical about China obviously are not necessarily unpatriotic , rather they are most likely out of concern , because after all it is their own motherland .
[ppww] Practically none of your views are right .
[ppww] -LSB- In the master piece of A14062 -LRB- the nomad group -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RSB-
[ppww] : Does it mean that one should not go abroad if he or she is patriotic ?
Of course not .
Some aim to better build his / her own motherland , learning [ppww] : as much advanced knowledge abroad as possible , so as to offset their weaknesses with strengths and serve their own motherland better and more .
I do n't know how many people pursue [ppww] : their education with this concept in mind , but I think there should be some .
However , quite a few people go for fame and gain .
I do not actually oppose others seeking for [ppww] : happiness is , and it is fine for some people to live their own life and it is fine for them not to contribute to their own country after going abroad , [ppww] : but they would not stop slandering China in various ways , which is extremely unacceptable .
[ppww] : Does one have to go abroad to study advanced stuff ? ??
Of course not .
Space is no longer a problem in the information society of today .
You can [ppww] : find many things you need .
[ppww] : The development of foreign countries are the result of the toils of their own people .
Those who reap where they have not sown would be looked [ppww] : down upon wherever they go .
Happiness is a feeling .
The sense of happiness of overseas Chinese comes from their comparison with those in China .
The most common [ppww] : are cars and also houses .
Given the fact that everyone has a car in a foreign country , one can not feel [ppww] : ...................
[] The Death of Ethnic Chinese Soldier Sun Ming , Hoping It is the Last -LRB- Original -RRB-
[] <POSTER> Jerry0803
[Jerry0803] The Death of Ethnic Chinese Soldier Sun Ming , Hoping It is the Last -LRB- Original -RRB-
[Jerry0803] A Chinese national fell on the Iraqi battlefield after joining the US military force .
[Jerry0803] His name is -- Sun Ming .
[Jerry0803] The US Army gave him very high honor : the Purple Heart , Bronze Star medal that symbolizes the highest honor .
[Jerry0803] The Purple Heart , Bronze Star is the highest honor awarded by the Defense Department next to the Medal of Honor [Jerry0803] and the Silver Star .
[Jerry0803] The former is awarded to courageous fighters , while the latter is only awarded to soldiers who are injured or fall in war .
[Jerry0803] At the same time , a certificate that grants Sun Ming the US citizenship was also handed solemnly to Sun Ming 's parents .
[Jerry0803] This should be the prizes from the US government .
[Jerry0803] In Serving the People , the obituary of Comrade Zhang Side , Mao Zedong said : " when people die in the village , a memorial service should be held [Jerry0803] to express our deep grief in this way . "
[Jerry0803] The same is true .
No matter which country Sun Ming served , he was still a well - behaved Chinese citizen at the moment of his death .
[Jerry0803] I express my sorrow for his death and my sincere condolence to his family : please accept my sincere condolences .
[Jerry0803] What I want to say now is the significance and value of Sun Ming 's death .
[Jerry0803] Before we figure out this question , we must clarify whether the nature of the Iraqi War is righteous or not ?
[Jerry0803] If it is righteous , then the death of Sun Ming is significant , no matter to the United States , to China and even to the people all over the world .
[Jerry0803] He then is an internationalist warrior like Bethune who should be remembered by the entire human kind .
[Jerry0803] On the contrary , if the Iraqi War is not righteous , then the death of Sun Ming is not honorable at all .
It is even not worthwhile or regrettable .
[Jerry0803] As far as the International Law is concerned , any war unauthorized by the United Nations is disputable in terms of its righteousness .
The honorable title is not widely recognized for those who fall in the war .
[Jerry0803] Simply put , there would be two possibilities if it is included in the textbooks .
[Jerry0803] One is the country waging the war would depict him as a hero for later generations to revere ; The other is the country forced into war would regard him as a negative character for later generations to revile .
[Jerry0803] It is well known there are two the Iraqi wars .
One is the 1991 Iraqi War , [Jerry0803] which was sanctioned by the United Nations and represented the punishment by righteous forces around the world on Iraqi invasion into the sovereign country Kuwait .
[Jerry0803] Without doubt , that Iraqi War was righteous in nature .
[Jerry0803] Obviously , any soldier on the righteous side who sacrificed his life in this war , their death was meaningful to the world .
[Jerry0803] However , the second Iraqi War , the Iraqi War still going on , is done by the United States leaving the United Nations aside .
[Jerry0803] This is the reason why the war can not be righteous in nature , no matter which countries or people believe Iraq should be beaten up , [Jerry0803] because emotions can not represent the law .
[Jerry0803] This is just like an unpardonably wicked villain .
No one group or individual has the right to sentence him to death except the judge .
[Jerry0803] If anyone has an itch and decides for the judge , the guy would be a manslaughter .
[Jerry0803] I believe those who love " America " will not call me a sucker for comparing them this way .
[Jerry0803] The United States is a very charming country .
When a Chinese citizen devoted his life to American interests , it gave him the treatment of a US citizen generously .
[Jerry0803] Sun Ming , whose biggest wish had been becoming a US citizen , can now close his eyes if he is still conscious in grave .
[Jerry0803] But I have some other different thoughts .
Now that the dead is gone , we should care more about the alive .
[Jerry0803] For example should n't the US government do something for the bereaved families of " martyr " Sun Ming .
[Jerry0803] Simply put , anyway it has to give a token of affection , right ?
[Jerry0803] It can just send them away with a " Certificate of Martyr " and some consolation money .
[Jerry0803] Especially the words of Sun Ming 's father " I hope the war ends as soon as possible , I hope the Bush administration ensures the safety of American soldiers .
Do n't hurt any families any more . "
[Jerry0803] Should n't the US government consider it seriously ?
[Jerry0803] Life is precious , and the United States is a nation that loves life and cherishes life .
[Jerry0803] If it yells nothing is more valuable than life on the one hand , and it sends US soldiers across the world to bleed and sacrifice on the other hand , would n't the two be self - contradictory ?
[Jerry0803] How can it say it loves life and cherishes life ?
[Jerry0803] The US government says they have sent troops to Iraq to free the Iraqi people .
[Jerry0803] With mountains and waters between us , I do not know the attitude of the Iraqi people and thus can not judge groundlessly .
[Jerry0803] But subconsciously I have a feeling that it is nothing more than a fight between two gangster heads for turfs .
[Jerry0803] The Bush administration is the Water Margin , which holds up the flag of " acting for the god " without the authorization of Zhao Jie , destructing Zhujia Village today and eliminating Zengtou City the next day , and it is hard to say if it is attacking Daming City the day after .
[Jerry0803] The Saddam regime are the likes of Tian Hu and Wang Qing .
The public resentment can not be dispelled if they are not killed .
[Jerry0803] Is n't the death of Sun Ming the same as the deaths of Wen Zhongrong and Cui Ye .
[Jerry0803] Tang Bin , Wei Zhongrong and Cui Ye were all former subordinates to Tian Hu .
He wailed loudly as they were companions , [Jerry0803] while Song Jiang was merely miserable .
[Jerry0803] On the contrary , let 's see what Song Jiang looked like when his brothers died .
[Jerry0803] In Chapter 112 of Water Margin , it says : " Mo Shan killed " White Faced Squire " Zheng Tiantao , and the two hit by poisonous arrows were " Dagger Devil " Cao Zheng and " Living Pluto 's Wife " Wang Dingliu .
Hearing three more brothers were lost , Song Jiang let out a cry and collapsed onto the ground .
It is not sure how his five organs were , but his limbs were not moving . "
[Jerry0803] As the proverb goes some relatives are close but some are distant , and some people are close and but some are estranged .
[Jerry0803] Another goes while it is not pitiful to die , it is pitiful not to die for the right thing .
[Jerry0803] How sad Sun Ming , just over 20 , sunshine , smiles , pimples and a life like the morning rays , disappeared unexpectedly with an evil bullet .
[Jerry0803] Any love , beautiful love , my wretched child -- have you , ever experienced ?
[Jerry0803] Amen -- .
[Jerry0803] All relies :
[Jerry0803] A reminder : China was against the United Nations in Chinese - Indian , Chinese - Vietnam , and the War to Resist US Aggression and Aid Korea - concentrated sulphuric acid <removed_junk> .
[Jerry0803] o One is dragging the United Nations to attack others ~ one is resisting the United Nations to attack itself ~ it seems - Light <removed_junk> .
[Jerry0803] Leaving aside the political factors , the silly guy was too careless about his life !! - Xixihahahehe <removed_junk> .
[Jerry0803] Thinking about the mine disasters happening in China practically everyday , are n't the miners killed and injured even more wretched than Sun Ming ? - No life is paid if someone is exasperated to death <removed_junk> .
[Jerry0803] It is fine as long as he does n't help the US fight against China , otherwise his ancestral grave would be smoking - schakalhund <removed_junk> .
[Jerry0803] Hope all Chinese citizens wishing to migrate to the United States join the army as soon as possible - J , Yu <removed_junk> .
[Jerry0803] It seems there 's not much to discuss ??? - Runaway <removed_junk> .
[Jerry0803] One remark : mission impossible - not a word <removed_junk> .
[Jerry0803] The US government has granted US citizenship to about 60 immigrant soldiers who fell in Iraq - not a word <removed_junk> .
[Jerry0803] There are over 40,000 non-citizen soldiers on active or reserve duty in the US - not a word <removed_junk> .
[Jerry0803] o Each year , there are nearly 8,000 permanent residents among soldiers on active duty - not a word <removed_junk> .
[Jerry0803] There are over 40,000 non-citizen soldiers on active or reserve duty in the US - not a word <removed_junk> .
-- [Jerry0803] --
[Jerry0803]  To realize the modernization in agriculture , industry , national defense and science and technology and build our motherland into a strong socialist country , the key is realizing the modernization of science and technology .
[Jerry0803]  Economic construction and cultural construction are just like two wheels of a car that complement each other .
[Jerry0803]  Under the principle of mutual respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity , mutual non-aggression , non-interference in each other 's internal affairs , and equality and mutual benefit , countries of different social systems can coexist peacefully .
[Jerry0803]  The people 's democratic dictatorship is an administration of the united people 's democratic front under the leadership of the Communist Party , which should attach greater importance to the issue of the united front .
[Jerry0803]  We should not only treat each ethnic group equally , but also enable us all to prosper .
The prosperity of all ethnic groups is we socialists ' fundamental standpoint on the ethnic policy .
[] I Want to Go Home
[] <POSTER> daysafter
[daysafter] I have come to cry and vent .
I am truly feeling too upset .
[daysafter] Three and a half hours ago , I learned my bf 's father has already been remarried for several days .
The woman brought a little sister with her .
[daysafter] Back then , I also did not learn about their divorce until much later .
One thing that made me sad was that they did n't care at all about what I thought .
It would have been nice if they had asked me in advance whether I had any opinion about this or not .
They did not show the least respect for me .
[daysafter] Lying in bed , I could not but recall his great father 's harsh judgment when I met him back then , that only by getting lucky could I come to the US .
[daysafter] I guess he thought that by dating their good son , I was climbing the social ladder through their family .
[daysafter] Nothing went well after I arrived in the US .
[daysafter] Always unable to go to sleep , and then a perverted professor in the department , a racist , wanted to come up with a reason to kick me out .
[daysafter] It 's so dry here , and I ca n't stop my nose from bleeding .
[daysafter] The person in the apartment upstairs is a pervert .
In addition to music and songs every night , I can often hear the rhythmic moving of the bed .
[daysafter] I 'm having a terrible headache , and my nose is bleeding again .
There are stains all over the bed .
[daysafter] I called bf to complain about my pain .
After saying he was sleepy , he just hung up .
[daysafter] While desperately +grabbing tissues , my tears flooded down .
[daysafter] Thinking of how wildly self - conceited I was in China , I feel I am getting increasingly weak .
[daysafter] I miss my dear Mom and Dad , and elder brother .
I want to go home .
[] <POSTER> crescent
[crescent] Go back then , go wherever you feel comfortable .
[crescent] -LSB- In the contribution by daysafter -LRB- I am not happy -RRB- , it was mentioned : -RSB-
[crescent] : I have come to cry and vent .
I am truly feeling too upset .
[crescent] : Three and a half hours ago , I learned my bf 's father has already been remarried for several days .
The woman brought a little sister with her .
[crescent] : Back then , I also did not learn about their divorce until much later .
One thing that made me sad was that they did n't care at all about what I thought .
[crescent] : It would have been nice if they had asked me in advance whether I had any opinion about this or not .
They did not show the least respect for me .
[crescent] : Lying in bed , I could not but recall his great father 's harsh judgment when I met him back then , that [crescent] : only by getting lucky could I come to the US .
I guess he thought that by dating their good son , I was climbing the social ladder through their family .
[crescent] : Nothing went well after I arrived in the US .
Always unable to go to sleep , and then a perverted professor in the department , a racist , wanted to come up with a reason to kick me out .
[crescent] : It 's so dry here , and I ca n't stop my nose from bleeding .
The person in the apartment upstairs is [crescent] : a pervert .
In addition to music and songs every night , I can often hear the rhythmic moving of the bed .
I 'm having a terrible headache , and my nose is bleeding again .
[crescent] : There are stains all over the bed .
I called bf to complain about my pain .
After saying he was sleepy , he just hung up .
[] <POSTER> qqtlbos
[qqtlbos] haha , cmt , this is typical live of F1 , being F2 has other kind of [qqtlbos] difficulties .
[qqtlbos] -LSB- In the contribution by daysafter -LRB- I am not happy -RRB- , it was mentioned : -RSB-
[qqtlbos] : I have come to cry and vent .
I am truly feeling too upset .
[qqtlbos] : Three and a half hours ago , I learned my bf 's father has already been remarried for several days .
The woman brought a little sister with her .
[qqtlbos] : Back then , I also did not learn about their divorce until much later .
One thing that made me sad was that they did n't care at all about what I thought .
[qqtlbos] : It would have been nice if they had asked me in advance whether I had any opinion about this or not .
They did not show the least respect for me .
[qqtlbos] : Lying in bed , I could not but recall his great father 's harsh judgment when I met him back then , that [qqtlbos] : only by getting lucky could I come to the US .
I guess he thought that by dating their good son , I was climbing the social ladder through their family .
[qqtlbos] : Nothing went well after I arrived in the US .
Always unable to go to sleep , and then a perverted professor in the department , a racist , wanted to come up with a reason to kick me out .
[qqtlbos] : It 's so dry here , and I ca n't stop my nose from bleeding .
The person in the apartment upstairs is [qqtlbos] : a pervert .
In addition to music and songs every night , I can often hear the rhythmic moving of the bed .
I 'm having a terrible headache , and my nose is bleeding again .
[qqtlbos] : There are stains all over the bed .
I called bf to complain about my pain .
After saying he was sleepy , he just hung up .
[qqtlbos] Famous remark by Angie Yu
[qqtlbos] 1: Which F1 does not cook , which F2 does not go to school ?
[qqtlbos] 2: I want to take the test myself and go abroad , to be with you .
[qqtlbos] 3: I want to work to pay your tuition .
[qqtlbos] 4: I will come back and have kids after finishing school .
[qqtlbos] 5: My current husband is 100 times better than you .
[] <POSTER> Trunkslu
[Trunkslu] What the heck ?
Meddling with the affairs of someone else 's parents before being married to him ?
[Trunkslu] -LSB- In the contribution by daysafter -LRB- I am not happy -RRB- , it was mentioned : -RSB-
[Trunkslu] : I have come to cry and vent .
I am truly feeling too upset .
[Trunkslu] : Three and a half hours ago , I learned my bf 's father has already been remarried for several days .
The woman brought a little sister with her .
[Trunkslu] : Back then , I also did not learn about their divorce until much later .
One thing that made me sad was that they did n't care at all about what I thought .
[Trunkslu] : It would have been nice if they had asked me in advance whether I had any opinion about this or not .
They did not show the least respect for me .
[Trunkslu] : Lying in bed , I could not but recall his great father 's harsh judgment when I met him back then , that [Trunkslu] : only by getting lucky could I come to the US .
I guess he thought that by dating their good son , I was climbing the social ladder through their family .
[Trunkslu] : Nothing went well after I arrived in the US .
Always unable to go to sleep , and then a perverted professor in the department , a racist , wanted to come up with a reason to kick me out .
[Trunkslu] : It 's so dry here , and I ca n't stop my nose from bleeding .
The person in the apartment upstairs is [Trunkslu] : a pervert .
In addition to music and songs every night , I can often hear the rhythmic moving of the bed .
I 'm having a terrible headache , and my nose is bleeding again .
[Trunkslu] : There are stains all over the bed .
I called bf to complain about my pain .
After saying he was sleepy , he just hung up .
Many discoveries are made by chance .
Michael Zhou
I remember my first year studying at Qinghua , I went to my first elective course called " Inspirations in the History of Physics . "
There were only ten or so of us who had chosen it that semester .
The teacher was very erudite , his lectures were very lively ; he summarized all of the recent and contemporary history of physics , and each time I was enthralled .
In all my five years at the university , I never had another course that interesting .
If I were to summarize this course , it would be : the greatest discoveries in physics all had their own necessity and theoretical basis -LRB- for example , the development of mathematics -RRB- .
This theory can also be applied to cooking .
One day I wanted to make green beans and bean curd sheets -LRB- dried tofu in the Northeast -RRB- .
Here the dried tofu sold in the stores is all compressed , very tough .
So I normally steep it in hot water , then take it out and stir - fry it .
Because that day I needed to go out in the middle of it and buy some things , I set the timer and told my wife to turn off the heat when it was done .
My wife is very lazy , and when the timer sounded , she turned off the heat and left the pot sitting on the stove .
When I came back and looked , the dried tofu was white and soft , just like freshly made .
Chalk another good one up to the wife .
Qingqing 20070104
bill shen
Cloudy , temperature about four degrees Celsius .
Yesterday Qingqing did not fall asleep till 1100 .
He looked sleepy on the train , but he did n't sleep .
Yesterday Qingqing gave Mom a very clever retort .
On the train Mom noticed Qingqing farting and asked Qingqing whether he +wanted to poo .
She also said to Qingqing : " I gave birth to you , how could I not know what you are thinking about ? "
In the evening when washing his feet at home , Mom said : " Let 's sell our house , buy a house next to Grandma 's , and give Dad the remaining money to start a business with , is that okay ? "
Qingqing did not say a word and stared at Dad .
Dad shook his head .
Mom asked Qingqing : " Why are you staring at Dad ? "
Qingqing replied : " Do n't you know what I am thinking about ?
Why do you still ask me ? "
In the morning Dad woke him up .
Soaked crackers for breakfast .
Dad fed Qingqing .
Getting ready to go to the kindergarten , Dad said , " Let Mom take you there . "
Qingqing did not agree : " I want to go with Dad . "
Dad said : " Is it because Dad 's vehicle has a canopy ? "
Qingqing did n't say anything .
Dad helped Qingqing put on his gloves and took Qingqing to the kindergarten .
Qingqing wanted Dad to tell the teacher : " I lost a tooth and can not eat properly . "
He just did n't want to say it himself .
Dad told the teacher , and Qingqing also opened his mouth for the teacher to look at it .
He looked very funny .
Then he pulled Dad over to look at Qingqing 's drawer .
Dad helped Qingqing clean it up .
There is some other child 's stuff in Qingqing 's drawer .
Qingqing took it out and put it back into the child 's drawer .
When moving the chair , Qingqing pushed it : Some children in our class move chairs just like that .
Dad wanted to help Qingqing .
Qingqing did not want it .
He wanted to move it by himself .
When Dad came back in the evening , Qingqing was running around holding Mom 's cell phone , talking to Uncle over the phone .
He promised Uncle yesterday that from now on he would take Uncle 's call .
Qingqing was calling Uncle " stupid , " just like he called Dad .
After finishing the call , Qingqing showed Dad the math book he got from the auction and told Dad : " I know how to do math . "
He also said : " Today Mom and I went to pop the rice ovalettes .
The rice ovalettes were still moist , so they did n't get fully popped . "
He then play the keyboard by himself , turning down the volume so as not to disturb the old grandma next door from her rest .
What a thoughtful kid !
Dad had had a bit too much to drink and did not talk much to Qingqing before he fell asleep .
The Miracle of the Victory over Japan Was Made by the Chinese People Themselves -LRB- the calcium - deficient must read this -RRB-
jilian
Poster : jilian -LRB- jilian -RRB- , Section : ChinaNews .
Topic : The Miracle of the Victory over Japan Was Made by the Chinese People Themselves -LRB- the calcium - deficient must read this -RRB-
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Tue Jan 30 17:41:07 2007 -RRB- .
The Miracle of the Victory over Japan Was Made by the Chinese People Themselves -LRB- the calcium - deficient must read this -RRB-
http://web.wenxuecity.com/BBSView.php?SubID=memory&MsgID=106201
Source : Ta Siye on 07 - 01 - 27 17:07:38 .
" 8 / 15 " - our victory day .

For the Chinese people , today is a special day .
This day came with great difficulty for China .
Before the war , the gap between China and Japan was far greater than mere numbers .
Before the war , China 's steel production was less than 200,000 tons -LRB- steel production in China was centered mainly in the northeast , and it was controlled by the Japanese -RRB- .
Japan 's was about 9 million tons .
The important thing is that Japan had a complete industrial system and was able to independently produce all its weapons , from handguns to aircraft carriers , and it had a formidable research production capacity .
At that time , every year they were able to produce 1,580 airplanes , 744 large - bore cannon , 330 tanks , , more than 9,500 vehicles , with a shipbuilding capacity of more than 400,000 tons and a naval construction capacity of 50,000 tons .
Compared to this , at the time China could only produce rifles and small cannon ; its capacity to produce heavy weapons was zero .
The only munitions plant capable of producing heavy weapons in the northeast was taken over by the Japanese .
This means that China 's consumption could not be met .
Before the war , China 's air force had some 300 airplanes ; that may seem like quite a few , but they were all used up in just one year , and afterward we could only watch as Japanese aircrafts ruled the skies over China .
On the surface , China is a large country , and Japan was the little guy taking on the giant .
The most obvious part of China 's being a big country was its population advantage .
In fact Japan 's total population after it had taken over Taiwan , the Northeast , and Korea was not so very much smaller than China 's , with about 200 million people , at best a 2:1 ratio .
The important thing is that Japan had a complete reserve system , with more than four million reserves who had received basic military training .
China had basically no reserve military personnel , and the " national army " relied primarily on seizing able - bodied men to fill its ranks .
These so - called able - bodied men were sorely lacking in training ; all they could do was learn to fight in battle .
Therefore , in the field , it often happened that a Japanese battalion -LRB- battalion system -RRB- was able to defeat a whole division of the Chinese army ; it was not just the difference in equipment : even more important were the differences in logistical supplies and training .
> The training gap in particular can be said to have been the difference between earth and sky .
In terms of the standards of Western armies , except for a few divisions , at the time for most of the millions of Chinese military units of every description it would be more appropriate to speak of militia , or mobs of bandits .
What was even more disheartening was China 's disintegration :
After ten years of bloody battles between the Nationalists and the Communists , and among the warlords like Jiang , Feng , Yan and Gui , China 's vital organs were diseased , and it was like adding frost on top of snow .
Japan 's plans to " conquer China in one attack " and to " take China in three to six months " were not mere fantasy .
China 's low - key War of Resistance also had a basis in reality : it seemed that without a miracle , China would be doomed .
-LRB 2 -RRB-
But the miracle happened , and what is more , this miracle was created by the Chinese people !
In the face of an unprecedented national enemy , the Chinese race demonstrated rare courage and fortitude .
In terms of their military strength , China 's army taking on the Japanese army was like an egg attacking a rock .
But the eggs advanced again and again , and the wounds on the rock added up !
In Shanghai , in Taierzhuang , in Wanjialing , the prestige of the " Great Japanese Imperial Army " came tumbling down again and again .
In his memoirs , Li Zongren took great delight in talking about Taierzhuang , where he used cast - off troops , Sichuan troops and Northeastern troops to inflict heavy losses on the supremely arrogant " Great Japanese Imperial Army " ; in his own view , it was all rather inconceivable .
For four years , from 1937 to 1941 , China fought against Japan on its own , and it even counterattacked .
China organized a winter offensive on the front in 1939 .
In 1940 there were a hundred battles in the enemy 's rear area , which let the Japanese army know that their enemy was still alive and kicking .
In order to resolve the " China incident , " Japan sent in even young boys to fight ; at the height of it , there was only one division left in Japan .
Of course if Japan had fully mobilized , it could have called up several million more troops , as in the later time when they knew they were about to be annihilated .
But mobilizing troops at home and sending them off to another country are two different things ; it was just that their logistics could n't support it .
Troops leaving the country to fight need to be lean and vigorous .
It was n't that the Japanese did n't want to settle the " China incident , " it was that they could n't .
What created this miracle in reality was the awakening of the sense of modern Chinese nationhood .
In historical China , you were loyal to the emperor , not to the country .
Yue Fei directly smashed the home of the enemy in order to wash away the " shame of Jingkang and the officials ' regret . "
When Shi Kefa wept blood , it was for the death of the Chongzhen Emperor .
In the War of Anti-Japanese Resistance , the Chinese people burned with an enormous patriotic fervor , and they demonstrated a fierce determination to resist .
In their memoirs , generals of the Nationalist army mention that when they were wounded in the civil war no one paid any attention , and they themselves all felt like thieves .
But generals wounded fighting the Japanese received endless fresh flowers in condolence , making them feel like the center of attention .
This was such an enormous contrast that it was a great stimulus for the Nationalist army generals .
With the fatherland in jeopardy , even overseas Chinese demonstrated unprecedented patriotic fervor , vigorously supporting China 's War of Resistance , providing both manpower and financial aid .
Large numbers of overseas Chinese returned to fight ; in some years the aid donated by overseas Chinese amounted to one - half of the government 's expenditures , creating a fresh contrast to the historically poor image of the Chinese as lacking civic pride and being politically indifferent .
During the War of Resistance , overseas Chinese donated hundreds of times more money than did overseas Japanese .
The Central Army , the Jin Army , the Sichuan Army , the Northwest Army , the Gui Army , etc. , and of course the Eighth Route Army and the New Fourth Army , which until then had been implacable enemies , came together to rescue the imperiled nation , and that was not an easy matter .
At the time , the officers and men of the Red Army almost all had an account of blood and tears .
The Nationalist Army 's purging of the Red Army base areas was no less fierce than the Japanese policy of killing , burning and looting .
If we think of the end of the Ming Dynasty , when the state was about to fall , the southern Ming continued its bickering , with endless internal disputes among the various princes who all seemed to be enjoying it .
-LRB- In Jin Yong 's masterpiece , Luding Annals , just for the sake of selecting an heir between Zhu Three and Zhu Five , two royal families started fighting and got one of the key persons killed , which stirred up a great storm . -RRB-
The state of disunity repeatedly lamented by Sun Yatsen had quite unexpectedly turned to unity , and at least in the early phases of the War of Resistance all sides basically cooperated in good faith and all made an effort ; it ca n't be said that this is not a miracle of history .
For example , Brothers Magic Sky -LRB- Chen Qingpin , Chen Zhonghou -RRB- previously read a book ; the author signed his name as " Shaohua , Youhu . "
The book was entitled " Lin Biao : His Life "
In the ninth chapter , " First Medal in the War against Japan , " it mentions that after the great victory at Pingxingguan , Lin Biao was accidentally wounded .
At the time , the chief of staff and front - line commander of the Kuomintang 's second theater of operations , Wei Lihuang , got the news and made a special trip to Ershilibao in Yan'an to extend his condolences .
The next day , he was unexpectedly detained as he returned to Xi'an , and he personally ordered that the Eighth Route Army be given a million rounds of ammunition , 250,000 hand grenades , and 180 boxes of cartons of beef .
" Thirty days later , when more than ten military trucks brought the ammunition and canned beef to Ershilibao , a flush of red appeared on Lin Biao 's pallid face , and he said repeatedly , " It 's a huge gift , it 's a huge gift ! "
This shows that the War of Resistance was the cradle for the rebirth of the Chinese people .
During the war , the Japanese left no stone unturned in threatening to bribe Chinese into collaborating .
But of the many powerful local warlords , not one went over to the other side .
Even outmoded warlords like Yan Xishan in Shanxi , or Long Yun in Yunnan , or Wu Peifu could not be won over .
Compared to the end of the Ming Dynasty , it can not be said that this too is not a miracle .
-LRB- 3 -RRB-
Around Sept. 18 , 1931 , China , despite entreaties at the League of Nations , never got any sympathy or support , but after July 7 , 1937 , China relied on its own resistance to win international respect and assistance ; Heaven helps those who help themselves .
A strong sense of nationhood supported the Chinese people through repeated losses and battles , and helped it get through those dark days .
China 's perseverance was just the right thing to strike at Japan 's weak spot ; countries like Japan have trouble sustaining a high - intensity war .
The First Sino - Japanese War , the Russo - Japanese War and 9/18 all ended in a short time , and there were no destructive effects on Japan 's economic structure .
On the other hand , each time they fought , they acquired a large amount of booty , which greatly increased Japan 's strength .
But the War of Resistance was not like that ; the Japanese were unable to support the war through fighting .
Despite America 's strength and wealth , it was even unable to bear the cost of the Vietnam War .
Four years of fierce fighting in China had in fact left Japan exhausted ; military spending was exploding , inflation at home was soaring , supplies were stretched thin , gold and foreign currency reserves were depleted , and the domestic economy was on the verge of collapse , and this enabled America to throttle the Japanese by the neck , meaning that they forced the Japanese to take a highly risky military gamble .
The outbreak of the war in the Pacific was a turning point .
Since Japan is an island , sea transport is its lifeline , so the decisive field of battle was the Pacific .
The Chinese field of battle had already fulfilled its mission .
China did not have the strength to chase out the Japanese army .
And the Japanese did not have the capability to wipe out the " Chongqing army " and the " Yan'an army . "
Both sides could only stay put and wait .
" If allied forces win , China can not lose ;
If the allied forces lose , China can not win . "
Although it upset the Americans , the Kuomintang blamed the Communist Party for not attacking ; the Communist Party accused the Kuomintang of remaining passive , but that was necessary at the time .
Although we were unable to drive the Japanese out , because this exceeded China 's industrial capacity and technical and economic levels at the time , " 8/15 " is still our Victory Day .
Our sacrifice well deserves this victory , because we made every effort .
Among the five victorious nations of the Soviet Union , the United States , China , England and France , China is more qualified than England and France to bask in the glory of victory .
Before WWII , in the area of world industry and modern military affairs , China was really unworthy of mention , not even on a par with Poland , Yugoslavia or any other mid-level European country .
China 's contribution to the war against Fascism in fact far surpassed its own abilities .
And this contribution was made using " blood and flesh to build our new Great Wall . "
For this day , millions of Chinese soldiers stained the battlefield with their blood , and tens of millions of ordinary people died , billions of yuan in assets were lost : it was a huge price to pay .
We can not forget our glory , nor can we forget the price we paid .
-LRB- 4 -RRB-
Several years back Zhou Zuoren and Zhang Ailing 's works thrilled a generation .
But some people complained that they have been treated unfairly .
Their works certainly appeal to the emotions and tastes of people nowadays who have gotten rich by various means , and literarily speaking they could sometimes be original .
But literature is a moral force , and the integrity of these easy - living social paragons is even lower than that of thieves ; they certainly have no sense of duty to their country , and it can even be said that they have no shame .
How can they expect to be respected by society as a whole ?
What kind of soul do their works have ?
If we can forgive Zhou Zuoren and Zhang Ailing , then how , at the very worst , can we face Zhao Yiman , Yang Jingyu and Chao Shangzhi , who at the same historical period crawled over ice and slept in snow , willing to die rather than yield ?
Our world is still not peaceful ; our enemies are still eyeing us covetously .
Wang Jingwei , Zhou Zuoren , Zhang Ailing and their ilk should be relegated to history 's wall of shame forever .
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 72.92. -RSB- .
EBay Announces Today It will Acquire Ticket Website StubHub for 310 Million US Dollars
esnail
According to the international reports on January 11 , eBay announced that it will acquire online ticket website StubHub for 310 million US dollars in cash to further expand its influence on electronic commerce .
The acquisition is expected to be completed before April .
More than six years ago , Jeff Fluhr and Stanford School of Business graduate Eric Baker founded StubHub with Fluhr as its chief executive officer .
Fluhr said in a statement : " StubHub 's business model is an excellent fit with eBay , and we have admired eBay for a long time . "
Over the past two years , as investors were concerned about the slowdown in eBay 's online auction business , its poor management , slow business expansion , and other factors , its market value has been dwindling .
In succession eBay acquired Internet phone service Skype and online price - comparison company Shopping.com .
StubHub mainly operates ticket brokerage to major events .
In 2006 its ticket sales was 400 million US dollars with annual profits reaching 100 million US dollars .
Ticket sellers selling tickets on this website must pay a 15 percent fee , while buyers also have to pay a 10 percent commission to StubHub .
As of now , five million tickets have been sold on the StubHub website .
Do CPA's in the US Make a Good Living ?
I used to work for an accounting firm in China .
It 's not a big city , but I always thought the job I had was not as hard as others imagine .
Perhaps that 's because people before me had long established a set of models .
I 'd like to ask those who have passed CPA exams in the US whether you are making a good living .
It 's also very hard for me to pass the CPA exams in China .
And now in the US , I may find an average school to study for a master 's degree , and then , and then do I have to start preparing for CPA exams here too ?
Also , in China CPA and certified tax agents are separate .
In the US , are there exams for certified tax agents ?
Is the work of tax agents done by accounting firms as well in the US ?
Yun Dan Shui Nuan : Who to Look into the Backroom Deals Behind the Privatization of State - owned Shandong Luneng Group ?
tangchaoZX
Poster : tangchaoZX -LRB- tangchaoZX -RRB- Form : ChinaNews
Title : Yun Dan Shui Nuan : Who to Look into the Backroom Deals Behind the Privatization of State - owned Shandong Luneng Group ?
Poster 's Site : mitBBS.com BBS -LRB- Fri Jan 19 16:24:53 2007 -RRB-
Who to Look into the Backroom Deals Behind the Privatization of State - owned Shandong Luneng Group ?
Yun Dan Shui Nuan
As the year 2006 ended , so did a big hush - hush " deal . "
Caijing Magazine described it as " a quiet change of ownership for this vast business empire . "
These were the final few steps as Shandong Luneng Group " completed " its privatization .
In the past , when I heard the big name of Luneng Group , I usually would link it with soccer .
I could never expect it is a 73.805 billion yuan giant .
Yet , in the privatization of this giant , it turns out that the fairy tale of " big returns on a tiny outlay " once again played itself out .
It was incredible that the fairy tale once again played itself out as the former senior managers of a state - owned company changed in the blink of an eye into the " bosses " of a " private " company .
Given these fairy tales , we should ask what backroom deals there were behind this .
Behind a fairy tale there must be backroom deals .
This is now almost an undisputed truth .
There 's never been a money fairy or goddess of wealth who gives wealth to anyone without any reason .
Zhang Rongkun , the main player in the Shanghai social insurance case , with a " new " company that was just registered and claimed to have 500 million in capital , was nevertheless able to acquire the 99.35 % stake in Shanghai Luqiao held by Shanghai Chengtou at a price of 3.2 billion yuan .
Gu Chujun , with a mere 900 million , " acquired " top - quality state - owned assets with a total asset value of 13.6 billion .
The backroom deals behind have already been revealed , and have entered into legal procedures .
And the privatization process of Shandong Luneng is also bound up with " acquisition . "
And in 2006 , the " final " total " cost " of this acquisition , according to a report in the magazine Caijing , was 3.73 billion yuan .
It was described by some as " 3 billion buys up 76 billion . "
For the " buyers , " you could use the minute probability , zero probability such as winning the lottery or pie falling from the sky as an analogy .
This means backroom deals .
First , according to the Caijing report , Luneng 's privatization process lasted 11 years -LRB- 1995 - 2006 -RRB- .
From state controlling stake  employee stock ownership with state investment  100 % state controlled  employee stock ownership  private ownership , it has gone through five stages .
Yet , in this process , the real inside story is little known .
" Sneak into the village ; do n't fire the guns . "
In particular , the final stage of privatization turned out to be " top secret . "
The magazine Caijing reports : " The names of the two ' new owners ' of Luneng were once called ' the top secrets of top secrets ' among a very small circle inside Luneng .
Now it is exactly these two mysterious companies , whose names are unknown , that have taken over absolute stock control over this financial conglomerate . "
Ordinary people would think that since it 's a well - known former state - owned company with huge assets that is connected with investment and operations in a large number of fields and connected with state - owned assets of enormous value , every step of its changes should be taken in the light of day , completed under the supervision of the relevant regulations , and inspected under the gaze of the public and the media .
If it 's all rule - abiding , reasonable and legal , then why fear exposure ? Why all in secret , hidden away , veiled ?
Only if you know you have done something dishonest , will you be so much afraid of people knowing and try to make it " the top secret of the top secrets . "
Secondly , at the recently concluded plenary meeting of the Central Discipline Inspection Commission , they required and emphasized strict monitoring of corrupt practices in the financial sector by party members and leading cadres , particularly in the area of the transfer of state - owned assets .
Luneng Group 's former chairman Gao XX and Luneng Group 's former director - general Xu X , who have " already " changed into " private entrepreneurs , " " continue to serve their former posts " in the new " private company . "
So , did these two Party members -LRB- Gao XX previously held the positions of chief of the Shandong Linyi administrative office , deputy head of the electrical utility bureau , assistant to the head of the Shandong electricity bureau , and general manager and party secretary of Shandong Luneng Stock Controlling Group . Having gone through all of Luneng 's stock transfers , he is still currently the chairman of Luneng Group . Xu X has served as head of the electrical utility bureau of Linyi , Shandong . In about 2003 he first entered the headquarters of Luneng Group as vice president assigned to manage property operations , after which he was very quickly promoted to the president of Luneng Group -RRB- , in the process of the series of mysterious stock deals at Luneng Group , carry out the unshirkable duties which the party members should undertake regarding state - owned assets and the public interest in strict accordance with the CPC Charter and the Party 's strict discipline ?
Did they seek private gains for a small group or for themselves ?
If it was all above board , they should submit a report to the party organization on the process of their transformation from the senior management cadres of a state - owned company into " private entrepreneurs " and even announce it to the public .
Thirdly , according to a 1998 audit report , when Shandong Luneng Group was first established in 1995 , it had 150 million yuan in registered capital , and operational assets of 2.6 billion yuan .
A more concrete image is " just five people and one office " expanding at an unimaginable speed in just 11 short years into Shandong 's 73.805 billion yuan giant , incorporating coal - fired power stations , mining , real estate , engineering and construction , finance and sports clubs .
In this process , where did Luneng Group get its assets and opportunities for expansion ?
Luneng 's background and Luneng 's " birth " are inseparable from the state - owned monopoly of the electricity industry .
The electricity industry has huge assets and occupies a market position of natural monopoly .
During Luneng 's rapid expansion , how much " blood " it actually extracted from state - owned assets seems to be a " cloudy issue . "
What 's the idea with scrambling to " complete " privatization before this issue is cleared up , handed over to the public and announced to the media ?
Fourthly , it 's said that the two private " companies " that finally " assumed ownership " of Luneng Group , Guoyuan Union Co. and Shouda Nengyuan Energy Co. -- according to descriptions in the media , these two companies can be called " low profile " and " mysterious . "
If it was an open and above - board " assumption of ownership , " then why the " mystery ? " Why the " low profile ? "
According to reports , the origins , backgrounds and sources of capital for these two companies are completely beyond comprehension .
Is it possible that by some kind of " buying from yourself " process they have embezzled state - owned assets ?
Fifthly , the departments supervising state - owned assets and the electricity industry are SASAC and SERC , respectively .
But with Shandong Luneng Group undergoing such enormous changes , they say they " do not know what 's going on . "
They say , " We have not yet received Luneng Group 's application materials for the transfer of stocks . "
But what 's strange is that according to reports by journalists , Luneng Group 's business registration has in fact already " been adjusted . "
What 's more , " since November 2006 , Shandong Provincial Administration of Industry and Commerce has not allowed requests to see or inquire about the files of the Luneng family of companies . "
What on earth does this mean ?
Is it the Caijing reporter " making rumors , " or are the relevant departments neglecting their supervision ?
No matter how it is , now that the media have publicly reported on it , there ought to be some answer .
So , who exactly will look into these backroom deals that have been exposed by current reports ?
--
Source : mitbbs.com BBS , http://mitbbs.com -LSB- FROM : 152.14 -RSB-
An Intellectual who was a Lifelong Leading Official until Death -- A Few Disrespectful Words about Director Ba
613305
-LSB- Ghost turning the mill -RSB-
The lifelong term system of leading cadres is not good , and it has long been criticized by intellectuals .
The so - called idea about the lifelong term system of leading cadres means when the end of a term of office comes , or when a given age is reached , they should step down .
This point has already been put into practice , though not fully implemented in reality .
Some very bad practices have n't been abolished yet : i.e. the lifelong remuneration system for leading cadres .
What is known as the lifelong remuneration system for leading cadres means that when a leading cadre steps down from his senior position , he still retains his level of remuneration such as " division leader level . "
Even worse is that as soon as you become a leading cadre , you are then a leader for life , with no need to worry about any problems of being laid off .
If your department disappears , it does n't matter , either .
A sinecure can always be arranged for you at a salary high enough for you to maintain your integrity , like going to the CPPCC to serve as some deputy chairperson .
If you do n't break the law , you will only move upwards , you wo n't slip downwards .
I think we should completely abolish the life - long term system of leading cadres .
For example , if a person is mayor , when he steps down at the end of his term , he could no longer be given mayor level remuneration .
If he is not able enough and becomes a division leader , then he should be remunerated at the division leader level .
If he 's even more incompetent and has been laid off , then he should be like a laid - off factory worker and collect unemployment benefits .
He should n't go to the mayor , but to the markets .
The " iron rice bowl " was broken for workers decades ago .
There is no reason why leading cadres should still be holding onto a golden rice bowl .
I 've had a look at Director Ba 's biography and was surprised to find that Director Ba had been chairman of the Writers ' Association since 1983 right up until he passed away .
I think that the Writers ' Association is n't any kind of important department affecting the national economy and people 's livelihood and whether it was the lifelong term system would draw nobody 's attention .
But Director Ba , as an intellectual who always spoke the truth and stood up for what was right , should have known that the lifelong term system of leaders is not good , and should have been opposed .
Moreover , when Director Ba became chairman of the Writers ' Association , he was already quite elderly .
Doing it for one or two terms , he 'd be +really senile however you look at it .
He had his own health problems .
How could he have that much energy to manage the affairs of the Writers ' Association ?
It would have been better to get off the pot .
In fact , in his last days , Director Ba lay in the hospital , unable even to speak , completely reliant on medical intervention to keep him alive .
Even if he wanted to manage , he would have been unable to .
" Harvest " magazine was created by Director Ba single - handedly , and he was always its chief editor .
Even if later on it was Director Ba Junior who took over the work , it still carried Director Ba 's name .
After Director Ba passed away , the magazine still wrote that he was the chief editor .
In the end someone got really mad and filed a legislative complaint .
But this affair had no further development afterwards .
I guess the biggest reason maybe is because of Director Ba 's great influence , everyone settled out of court ; both sides gave a little ground , and Director Ba Junior no longer used Director Ba Senior 's name in doing advertisements for the magazine .
To say a little more : right now all the intellectuals are all heaping praise on Director Ba 's " Random Thoughts . "
They think it " speaks the truth , " " stands up for what 's right . "
However , what I like is Director Ba 's " Torrents " trilogy and " Cold Nights . "
Director Ba had written the works that made his name , and are his greatest works , before he was thirty .
I believe that what he said at that time was very honest .
He was using his heart and blood in his writing .
If you read the afterwords he 's written you 'll know .
He says he was often crying as he was writing .
I 've also seen that Director Ba was +under the deep influence of extreme leftism at that time and said many good things about the totalitarian society .
Guangzhou Starts Puffing Itself up -LRB- reposted from Moonlight blog -RRB-
Dift Wu
I went to sina.com today and suddenly saw a " strange " article from China Business News : " Guangzhou to Become First Mainland City with a GDP per Capita of over 10,000 US Dollars " <http://news.sina.com.cn/c/2007-01-04/051211947888.shtml> .
It says that the mayor of Guangzhou has said that calculated by the number of people registered as residents , the GDP per capita of Guangzhou this year will exceed 10,000 US dollars .
The reason I thought it was strange was because according to some data that I already knew about <http://www.williamlong.info/archives/459.html> , Guangzhou 's GDP per capita should only reach the target of 10,000 US dollars in 2010 .
Even though the RMB has increased in value , it still could n't be this fast .
This figure must have something wrong with it .
And the reason for the problem was still the population figure .
Shenzhen and other cities all calculate GDP per capita using the permanent resident population in the calculation .
For cities with such large migrant populations , a GDP per capita calculated using the number of registered residents will be very inaccurate .
If Guangzhou calculates the GDP per capita using the permanent resident population , it 's obviously puffing itself up .
People from Guangdong are usually very low - key about wealth .
They 'd never compare these vanities with Beijing or Shanghai .
This way , they can pay a little less tax to the central authorities : keeping quiet to get rich .
In addition , everyone is very clear about the situations in Guangzhou and Shenzhen .
For many years Guangzhou has been just a little behind Shenzhen in its economic indices and all aspects .
Its GDP will soon be exceeded by Shenzhen 's , yet its population has always been higher than Shenzhen 's .
I remember I wrote an article " The Mystery of Shenzhen 's GDP per capita <http://www.williamlong.info/archives/459.html> . "
Shenzhen 's GDP per capita is calculated using the number of permanent residents , and it is predicted that it wo n't top 10,000 US dollars until about 2008 .
How could Guangzhou 's leaders make this kind of wild assertion ?
This kind of showing off has never been the style of people from Guangdong .
Various signs show that the new team of leaders in Guangzhou may have been transferred from another region .
They tend to like boasting and like playing number games to seek rewards from the central authorities .
If this really is the case , then Guangzhou 's prospects for economic development may be indeed not good .
Fewer empty words and more real action has always been the straightforward style of people from Guangdong .
Only by keeping the wealth among the people can a nation be ultimately rich .
Making the majority of people rich is the most important .
I hope the new team of leaders in Guangzhou will carefully learn from the experiences and lessons of the last few administrations and not to rival with places like Beijing and Shanghai in exaggeration .
Otherwise Guangzhou 's development will really be a cause for worry .
Cultural Revolution ? Makes Me Think of the Past
iseesea
Poster : iseesea -LRB- iseesoisee -RRB- , Section : Overseas .
Topic : Cultural Revolution ? Makes Me Think of the Past
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Wed Jan 24 00:42:30 2007 -RRB- .
This anti-Cui " movement " made me think of the past .
When I was in junior high school , a man who lived nearby died ; I do n't know why , but rumors started flying , everybody said his wife murdered him .
The two of them had been together for many years , and at the time their two children were older than I was .
This man was very honest , and the woman had always been very sociable , and even though the medical examiner had already examined the body , I do n't know where all this talk came from , but the man 's family insisted on reopening the casket and re-examining it .
This affair stirred up quite a hubbub in our little town .
My mom , too , just kept discussing it on and on .
To my mind it was totally uninteresting , I just felt these middle - aged women were extremely suspicious , and I could n't see what all the fuss was over that woman .
Then one day my mom was at the table , the saliva spraying , and I just could n't stand it anymore .
Mom , do n't keep repeating what other people say , OK ?
You say somebody killed somebody ; what proof do you have ?
My mom rapped her chopsticks on the table : You 're just a kid , what do you know ?
There are no waves without wind ; if this were nothing , people would n't be talking about it so much .
I did n't dare answer the old lady back , but I thought to myself : Just wait and see , wait until this woman has been proven innocent , then you wo n't have anything to say .
This woman was really quite a character ; not only was she on good terms with some of the bigwigs at the plant , she was also quite familiar with the head of the city 's public security bureau , who had been transferred over temporarily from the plant .
The matter of whether to open the casket dragged on and on , and finally , because the pressure from public opinion was so great , they re-examined the body , and the result was poisoning .
When that came out , everybody was in an uproar .
To calm the public , finally there was a trial , and the woman was found guilty of murdering her husband .
Everybody felt that , in such a case , she would certainly get the death penalty , but she was given a stay of execution .
After several years , the head of the city 's public security bureau became head of the provincial public security department , and then some people said that again this woman might show up in the provincial capital .
I think that if the world did not have " wretched men " who waste endless time tangled up in this sort of thing like Cui 's , or " big - mouthed women " like my mother , people like them , who I feel have always been good at certain things , then people would be able to get away with murder or other crimes .
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 76.171. -RSB- .
[jilian] The New Year has just passed , and the news comes that beginning on April 1 , 2007 , Russia will completely prohibit foreigners from working in retail ; by the end of 2007 , all non-permanent points of business will be eliminated .
[jilian] This implies that Chinese in Russia will be forced to leave the country , and they will suffer inestimable moral and financial losses .
[jilian] Folks on the Internet have reacted furiously to this , and some have gotten emotional and very angry .
[jilian] Others are shouting that we need this Russian ally of ours and must not cast off that friendship over a small matter , and we ca n't get Russia angry .
[jilian] The response on the Internet has been a dispute rarely seen in the forums .
[jilian] Right now , people are focusing their attention more on the government and the foreign ministry , expecting the government to step up and take some action to resolve this expulsion of Chinese that the world is watching .
[jilian] However , the views of the Chinese embassy in Russia on this matter , obtained through Internet channels , gives one pause :
[jilian] " With regard to Russia 's newly revised immigration law , " says Ambassador Liu , " in the short term , implementation of Russia 's new law will have a certain effect on Chinese businessmen traveling in China , but in the long term , it will benefit the long - range business and development of Chinese businesses there . "
[jilian] He said , " The many Chinese businessmen there should adapt to the situation and revitalize the way they plan their development to better develop themselves , and at the same time the embassy will provide assistance and guidance " -LRB- China 's ambassador to Russia , Liu Guchang , in an interview with Phoenix Satellite Television , transcript provided by the embassy in Russia -RRB- .
[jilian] Responding to the host 's questions about this , Professor Wang Lijiu , Russian affairs expert with the China Contemporary International Affairs Institute , in a relaxed tone , again stressed : Russia is not targeting the Chinese in particular ; Russia is entitled to regulate its markets ; Chinese people should adapt as quickly as possible .
[jilian] In his view , it seems this matter does not affect him at all , and there is no sign that he has any empathy for his Chinese compatriots .
[jilian] The attitude revealed by China 's ambassador and the Russian expert leaves people bewildered ; is the ambassador so weak that he does not dare raise any objection ?
[jilian] I think that 's unlikely !
Given China 's current international position , this seems impossible !
[jilian] Is he stooping to compromise on the matter for the sake of the overall situation of the two countries ' relations , therefore being unable to negotiate with Russia ?
[jilian] We must not underestimate the intelligence and efforts of the embassy comrades ; in terms of Professor Wang Lijiu 's explanation , since Russia established this policy , the embassy has already negotiated .
[jilian] But if they have negotiated , then why is Russia still carrying out this barbaric , large - scale expulsion of Chinese ?
[jilian] In terms of how Russia and the Russians have been understood for years , it 's another case of the Russkies not buying what the Chinese embassy is selling ; that is , it 's their little plot of land and whatever they say goes ; not even God can interfere -LRB- that 's the character of the Russian race -RRB- .
[jilian] Looking at it in this way , we can understand the plight faced by the embassy ; when you negotiate with Russia , the Russkies do n't listen , and moreover there are some practical questions in this situation .
[jilian] Getting hostile with the Russkies is also too unreasonable ; in today 's international environment , relations between the two countries are so important that if we fall out over this , it 's really losing sight of the forest for the trees ; the result of conflict is so grave that nobody can take the responsibility for it .
[jilian] But with the vital interests of tens of thousands of compatriots in Russia and pressure at home , the embassy can not help but offer explanations .
[jilian] Therefore , making that kind of strange remark through Internet channels - using the rationale of Russia putting its markets in order and cleaning out foreign immigrants to gloss over Russia 's irrational harshness and appease the anger of our countrymen .
[jilian] From this standpoint , the embassy comrade also feels quite bad !
[jilian] But however bad they may feel , it ca n't be as bad as those compatriots who have lost a living !
No matter how bad , the embassy should reach out a helping hand to its compatriots and do something !
[jilian] For a long time since the Chinese and their products have been entering Russia , they 've set off on an arduous journey .
[jilian] They 've experienced Russia 's heavy customs duties and extortion , and in the markets they 've endured all sorts of piratical taxes and intimidation including the police - infested underworld , and the increasingly harsh , blatant robbery committed by Russian government agencies against the Chinese in the name of " gray customs procedures " ; all these things show that the action taken by the Russians this time just had to happen .
[jilian] If it did n't happen today , it would tomorrow .
And since this happened today , it means that in a not - too - distant future , even tomorrow , Russia will take even more extreme measures to cope with those Chinese !
[jilian] With regard to Russia 's repeated extortion and elbowing out of the Chinese -LRB- in fact we ca n't find any other more accurate or appropriate terms for it -RRB- , the Chinese government , in its recorded negotiations with the Russians , has never told us anything workable for this situation .
[jilian] Therefore it is said that in the policy adopted by Russia today there are certainly elements of the Chinese side having negotiated weakly , leaving the Russians room to cause problems .
[jilian] This is not the way to do things .
With the IQ of the Chinese , is it really impossible to solve this problem ?
[jilian] No !
[jilian] Beginning with the breakup of the Soviet Union , Chinese light - industrial products gradually took over a large share of Russia 's markets , and in the Russian view this has definitely not been a good thing .
[jilian] But it was precisely these Chinese products that rescued and sustained the Russian markets .
[jilian] If there had been no good - quality , low - priced goods coming from China , the Russian people would in fact have been unable to endure the low - income life after the breakup of the Soviet Union .
[jilian] From clothing to toys to slippers and household items , it was Chinese goods that kept Russian prices stable at a level that ordinary Russians could bear .
[jilian] Without the support of Chinese goods , the price of every commodity in Russia would have risen sharply !
[jilian] Professor Wang Lijiu 's view is not correct .
He says that , if there had been no low - priced goods from the Chinese market , it would only have affected the lower levels of society and those collecting pensions .
[jilian] " In Russia , ordinary working people are the vast majority , the bulk of consumers , and every weekend , or on a certain day in each household , the head of the household regularly makes a special trip to the Chinese market to buy goods , and this has become a part of their everyday lives .
[jilian] Without Chinese goods , they could only go buy so - called medium - and high - end goods , and with these goods being in short supply , the prices of all medium - and high - end goods would rise , without exception .
[jilian] Therefore we say that the actions taken by the Russians now will have negative effects on all of Russia .
[jilian] From Web sites we can see that Russia already thought of these kinds of effects when it formulated this policy of expelling the Chinese .
[jilian] They are planning on waiting until this sort of situation arises , and then they will step up with a new , adjusted policy on immigration .
[jilian] If they can see this , why ca n't we see and make use of this point ?
[jilian] In 2003 , SARS broke out in Beijing , China and Russia closed their seaport customs offices , and prices soared in just a short time in Russia 's Far Eastern regions , and the local people 's reaction was unusually harsh and negative .
[jilian] But that was a natural disaster , and it could n't be helped .
[jilian] From this we can see and confirm this news : Chinese goods affect the lives of a large share of the Russian people .
[jilian] When the lives of the Russian people are impacted by rising prices , they will certainly be displeased with their government .
[jilian] When the Russian people are dissatisfied with their government , there will certainly be people demanding that the government take , or the government will on its own take , measures to resolve the people 's discontent !
[jilian] Our on - line folks should rest assured on this point ; Russia is a democratic autarchy , and sometimes the efficiency with which it takes actions that correspond to the people 's demands is quite high .
[jilian] Moreover , our experts point out that the actions taken by the Russian government and Putin 's election strategy are related .
[jilian] Even if it 's to win over people 's minds , the Russian government could certainly pass a law to resolve the price issue .
[jilian] Just as you ca n't make a meal if you do n't have rice , Russia basically does not have the ability to resolve this issue by itself in a short period .
[jilian] What to do ?
[jilian] Let them wrack their brains to come up with an answer !
[jilian] Have n't they already done the calculating and forecasting to resolve this issue ?
[jilian] Do n't we really understand we Chinese in fact hold the power to resolve this issue in our hands !
[jilian] There are three strategies for resolving this issue : Best , middle and worst .
[jilian] Worst strategy : speak out strongly against the Russian government 's expulsion of the Chinese and appeal for the safeguarding of Chinese dignity ; suspend all trade with Russia .
[jilian] But when we do this , it will undoubtedly damage the fine relationship that China and Russia worked together to establish .
[jilian] This is certainly losing sight of the forest for the trees , and the results will harm rather than help our compatriots in Russia .
[jilian] Internationally , this will only make our rivals happy and our friends sad !
The U.S. , Japan and Taiwan will be laughing at us .
This is not feasible !
[jilian] Middle strategy : continue to restrain ourselves , stoop to compromise , and suffer quietly .
[jilian] Focusing on maintaining the alliance in international politics between the two countries and their mutual relationship .
[jilian] Although our compatriots will suffer losses , at least the sky is not falling ; the Chinese are the world 's most adaptable race , and by gritting our teeth we can always get through this .
[jilian] Right now the embassy is taking this approach !
[jilian] But when we do this , how can we face the tens of thousands of our compatriots in Russia , how can we face the fervent expectations of the people in China toward their government ?
[jilian] The embassy must know how very much vituperation it has endured on the Internet .
But do they understand the on - line folks ' heart - felt intent ?
[jilian] And as for the Russian government , it can only step up its deprecation and belittling of the concerned parties in China , and further foster its deliberate aggression and arrogance .
[jilian] It gets more overbearing every day , stirring up a new tempest between the two countries and leaving behind hidden dangers !
[jilian] Adopting this kind of policy is absolutely unacceptable !
Wake up before it is too late !
[jilian] Best strategy : pull out the firewood under the cooking pot , face the situation with ease , and give them a taste of their own medicine .
[jilian] Do not cross swords directly with the Russian government ; in the name of strengthening Sino - Russian friendship , improving the inherent quality of products and strengthening product quality control , apply strict quality control to goods headed for Russia .
[jilian] How strict ?
[jilian] Beginning now , if one Chinese product does not meet product quality requirements , regardless of whether it is clothing or shoes and hats , all of the products in the hands of commodity inspection agents are inferior products .
[jilian] For the sake of Sino - Russian friendship , we must bear responsibility for the Russian people , and we can not send substandard goods outside the country !
[jilian] Inspections must be thorough , including for travelers , with weight limits strictly enforced for carry - on bags .
[jilian] With this approach , China 's foreign affairs offices can conscientiously explain to the outside world that we are doing this for the sake of developing regular trade and friendship between the two countries .
[jilian] Besides , it 's a matter for the commodity inspection departments , and they act in accordance with international requirements ; we are powerless to interfere .
[jilian] Comrade ambassador , you have recently been harshly castigated by the Chinese people ; take this opportunity to go to the Alps for some R & R and do a little skiing ; go to Hawaii to go surfing and relax , and let the Russian officials look all over the world without finding you .
[jilian] -LRB- Winter is almost over ; the new peak season for demand will soon be here .
It will only take a few months for the Russians to become like ants in a hot frying pan , seeking and begging the parties concerned in China ;
[jilian] when that time comes , we can discuss with them , from a proactive position , the matter of Chinese goods entering Russia normally , the matter of letting our compatriots sell those goods , discuss the matter of the security of our compatriots and their merchandising locations , and discuss the question of Chinese people regularly [jilian] and legally paying taxes in Russia . -RRB-
[jilian] As for the matter of when quality inspection standards can be loosened up , and to what extent , we will determine that according to such factors as Russia 's internal situation , the Russian government 's attitude , and the process discussed unilaterally !
[jilian] This approach provides timely help to our compatriots in Russia and it is the best support !
[jilian] With Chinese products not coming in , warehouses are ultimately limited , and scarce goods become expensive ; there will be no urgency to sell off goods that are n't coming in regularly , and people will come up with ways to use their legal status to protect their goods and themselves , and sell off the goods they do have at a good price -LRB- in Russia , things wo n't sell slowly anyhow -RRB- .
[jilian] If China really uses this approach , our compatriots will gain from this disaster !
[jilian] In this way , there might be some short - lived impact on seaport trade units and domestic foreign - trade manufacturers .
[jilian] But this impact is not created by the Chinese .
[jilian] If we do not use this approach , the impact on them will be even greater .
[jilian] Without our compatriots working hard in shipping goods and selling to Russia and establishing regular trade channels in Russia , the manufacturer 's interests will sooner or later be harmed .
[jilian] And the government 's behavior will lay the foundation for long - term development in the future .
[jilian] As for the Russian government , because the policy of expelling the Chinese will have led to soaring prices , it will face pressure from many sides : international public opinion , the Chinese government , the Russian public , and all the Russian parties vying in the elections .
[jilian] There will be a basic transformation of the former situation , in which our embassy battled the Russian government alone .
[jilian] This approach benefits bilateral relations , Russia saves face , and the blister on its foot is something Russia itself will have to live with .
[jilian] History and geography have already determined that the relationship between these two great countries is an informal alliance .
[jilian] Dealing with this alliance relationship is not simply a matter of being conciliatory ; it 's more one of unity in conflict , conflict in unity ; without the conflict , there is no unity .
We need to master the art of conflict .
[jilian] In this bilateral relationship , China has no capital for being hostile , nor does Russia .
[jilian] With this approach , there is no need to fear that goods from other countries will step into the vacuum and replace Chinese goods ; North Korea , South Korea , Vietnam and the Central Asian countries all face the same crisis in Russia .
[jilian] Right now they are keeping an eye on China 's reaction ; if China handles the matter well , it will also give them ambitions , thereby increasing China 's prestige .
[jilian] Since Russia introduced the gray customs procedures the year before last , I have been expecting the government to take such measures as handling the big issue with smart power and pulling firewood out under the cooking pot to resolve the issue of Russia 's expelling the Chinese , but what I have seen has merely been Russia getting an inch and taking a foot !
[jilian] I became fluent in Russian based solely on self - study , and I have strong feelings for Russia .
[jilian] I hope our ? ? in the streets of Russia ; the reason is very simple : it 's because - I am Chinese .
Be Your Own Psychiatrist .
Li Xu .
In today 's society , fierce competition , cultural conflicts and material temptation disturb our minds incessantly , which often make us feel worried , anxious , upset and furious .
People also try to adjust themselves in material ways , but those often fail to work : exercises can not lessen the concerns at heart ; physical and mental fatigue persist not long after traveling ; the soft water bed can not bring comfortable sleeps ; and the luxurious room can not dispel the disputes of spouses .
That 's why someone proposes that modern people learn a new survival skill -- learn to be your own psychiatrist , helping yourself to dissolve all sorts of metal stresses at work and in life .
Be your own psychiatrist , simply put , is to improve your ability adjust yourself psychologically .
To elaborate , it means there should be a special role in your mind who possesses " the third eye " mentally to observe your emotional changes sensibly and find out the reasons for mental disturbances .
It is just like the " guardian angel " whom everyone has in Western legends , who gives you wisdom at critical moments and help you deal with the intricate reality properly , so that you will not lose direction .
There was a famous British psychologist named Ellis in the last century , who encouraged people to learn a special , reasonable and healthy way of thinking by reading professional books , organizing group discussions and doing specific training in thinking , in order to deal with emotional problems caused by stresses .
He should be the first one to advocate " learn to be your own psychiatrist . "
He encourages people to learn a new way of thinking like " learning a foreign language . "
The most important aspect in being your own psychiatrist is to learn to substitute the healthy way of thinking for the unhealthy way of thinking .
For example , ask two people to observe the same glass , if one notices a tiny speckle and the other notices the mild color , then the former 's thinking pattern might be pessimistic , while the latter might be more sensitive to the positive aspect of things , which is a healthy and optimistic way of thinking .
Thus , learn to observe the positive aspect of things has become an important training .
To be your own psychiatrist , you should also learn to observe stress - related signs .
For example , if you have a stomachache , your normal response is to see a gastroenterologist .
Through observation by " the third eye , " you may see that the reason can be your new demanding boss .
To be your own psychiatrist , you also need to learn appropriate knowledge .
There was a student at the Tsinghua University , who were troubled by " depression " for a while .
When it was bad , he wanted to jump out and commit suicide at the sight of a window .
With some psychological knowledge , he knew it was a symptom of mental disorder , so he immediately sought help from professionals and received treatment soon .
Now in many European and American countries , some intellectuals including young college students like to read psychological books .
Psychological books can always be seen in the best seller lists in these countries .
Most readers do not aim to become counsellors , but to learn psychological knowledge to help personal growth .
Such healthy awareness is worth learning .
This july , lemonade , music , and the summer breeze .
What the Chinese Nation Needs Most is a Son like Zhou Enlai -LRB- In Commemoration of the 31st Anniversary of the Death of the People 's Good Premier -RRB-
613305
-LRB- Who knew the string was broken -RRB-
People all like to call themselves son of the people , and son of the Chinese nation .
However , there are standards for being a son of the Chinese nation and the Chinese people .
Not everyone can be called son of the people and the nation .
In addition , the people and the nation also have certain conditions for selecting their sons .
Anybody who wants to can not just become a son of the Chinese nation and the Chinese people .
What kind of son do the Chinese nation and the Chinese people need ?
She needs a son who is absolutely loyal to her , yet she neither needs nor accepts those who are only loyal on the surface , or in speech , toward the entire nation and all of the people , but in reality are political and economic parasites who are only loyal to themselves , loyal to their own family clan , loyal to their own small clique and small social stratum .
She needs a strong man of the times , a revolutionary and politician , who works wholeheartedly for the benefit and happiness of the entire nation and all of the people , she neither needs nor accepts those who only flaunt the banner of seeking benefit and happiness for the entire nation and all of the people , but in reality are vulgar villains and political liars who seek benefit and happiness only for themselves , for their family clan , and for their own small clique and small social stratum .
She needs a strong man of the times , an outstanding revolutionary and politician who is fully focused on , as well as capable of , making the Chinese nation prosperous and strong , and making the Chinese people wealthy and happy ; she neither needs nor accepts those shameless opportunists and hoodlum politicians who betray and sacrifice the political and economic interests of the entire nation and all of the people for themselves , their own family clan , and their own small clique and small social stratum , for the sake of their own gratitude or resentment , prestige , and interests , leaving the Chinese nation and the Chinese people to suffer loss , disaster , and humiliation .
She needs a giant of the times and an outstanding politician who spares no effort in performing his duty to make the Chinese nation rise and stand out among the thicket of the world 's nations , to allow the Chinese people to proudly live in happiness and harmony in the world , with heads high and chests out ; she neither needs nor accepts those national scum and common enemies of the people who for themselves , their own family clan , and their own small clique and small social stratum , for the sake of their own gratitude or resentment , prestige , and interests , make the Chinese nation and the Chinese people inferior or second - rate in the world .
Let 's look throughout history and count the heroes .
The history and reality of the Chinese nation and the Chinese people can tell the world that only such outstanding revolutionaries and politicians as Mao Zedong and Zhou Enlai are the most needed , most qualified , most outstanding , and most loyal sons for the Chinese nation .
613305
In Memory of Zhou Enlai : Zhou Enlai was Indeed Mao Zedong 's Close Comrade - in - arms
-LSB- New Philosophy -RSB-
Zhou Enlai was a loyal defender and implementer of Mao Zedong Thought .
This was sufficiently proved by the victory of the 4th Anti - " Encirclement " campaign , the victory of the Red Army 's 25000 - li Long March , the victory in the Anti-Japanese War , the victory in the War of Liberation , as well as socialist economic construction .
Some say that Zhou Enlai followed the " doctrine of the mean . "
That is not true .
The " doctrine of the mean " only mechanically implemented the " mathematical logic " theory for development and change in the material world .
In fact , Zhou Enlai best understood and mastered the " Concept on People " of Mao Zedong Thought , and best understood and mastered the concept of " The Development of Human Society " of Mao Zedong Thought that focuses on " events , not people " in transforming human society .
In politics , Mao Zedong wanted to transform people 's ideology , rather than to destroy people .
Mao Zedong dealt with those comrades in the Party who committed blunders by " learning from past mistakes to avoid future errors , and curing the sickness to save the patient ; " he treated KMT war prisoners by transforming them .
Ever since Mao Zedong 's leadership position in the Red Army and Party Central Committee was established at the Zunyi Conference , Zhou Enlai had always been Mao Zedong 's close assistant .
Zhou Enlai accurately understood and mastered Mao Zedong Thought .
He protected many comrades and democratic personages from brutal attacks and persecutions during the Cultural Revolution .
Zhou Enlai %pw sincerely implemented diplomatic guidelines and the blueprint for constructing the " Four Modernizations " proposed by Mao Zedong .
Zhou Enlai was approved of and supported by Mao Zedong and was loved by the general populace as well .
He gave his all until his heart ceased to beat .
Li Xiannian once said : " We often say that we must serve the people with heart and soul .
What is heart and soul ?
In my opinion , Comrade Enlai is an example for us . "
Deng Xiaoping once said that during the Cultural Revolution , because of " the prestige of Chairman Mao , Premier Zhou , and other older generation leaders , even though an ' all - out civil war ' was said to have occurred , real civil war did not occur , as in the end it was not a large - scale fight . "
" We will learn from his absolute loyalty to Marxism , Leninism , and Mao Zedong Thought . "
Mao Zedong Thought was the most valuable spiritual wealth of the Chinese people .
Zhou Enlai established an example for us through his accurate understanding and mastery of Mao Zedong Thought , and implementation of Mao Zedong Thought .
Zhou Enlai was a great Marxist !
Zhou Enlai was indeed Mao Zedong 's close comrade - in - arms !
Welcome to log on to my blog : xzx620521.blogcn.com and http://blog.sina.com.cn/u/1265687602 or search for " subjective four - dimensional materialism " and look for my related thesis " Exploration in Philosophy ------ . "
Email address : xzx...@sina.com
Note : I would appreciate if you would contact me to reprint or publish my article selections .
Low - Cost Flying ; the Chunqiu Airline Experience
vox
Poster : vox -LRB- voice -RRB- , Section : BackHome .
Topic : Low - Cost Flying ; the Chunqiu Airline Experience .
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Sat Jan 20 09:51:22 2007 -RRB- .
Low - Cost Flying ; the Chunqiu Airline Experience .
vox
The country 's first civilian - operated airline is headquartered in Shanghai .
The first impression is that the English name is too vulgar , china-sss.com , would anybody be interested in putting this company 's announcement on Jay Leno ?
I heard people saying the ticket prices are cheap .
Then I went online and looked ; there are A and B classes , but no first - class cabin .
Every day a certain number of specially priced seats can be reserved only online .
The ticket prices are certainly the cheapest .
Chunqiu is encouraging online booking with a 30 - yuan discount , which saves on costs .
But paying online in China is extremely complicated ; that 's another story .
The baggage limit is 15 kg , but I see lots of people whose baggage are definitely over that .
I did n't see complete data online for their flight safety record .
The A320 model is one commonly used only on minor routes .
The planes are not as old as the same models in the U. S.
Signs say the life vests are under the seats , but in fact under the seats it 's absolutely empty .
Someone next to me asked the flight attendant , and she was unable to answer .
A male flight attendant then said there were no life vests .
After I got back to the States I hitched a ride on a plane of the same model , and the signs said the seat padding could be used as a flotation device .
That must be correct .
On board , aside from a small bottle of water , no beverages were offered , but they were selling boxed meals , all of them with the same packaging , for 28 a box .
There were also soy - sauce eggs , preserved eggs , peanuts and other snacks .
I do not feel that this is a good approach on brief short - haul passenger flights .
First , they have to remember the passenger 's order and seat number , collect the money -LRB- and check for counterfeits -RRB- . Then heat the meal , deliver the meal ... there 's more than just one type of meal , and the preparation is n't always simple .
It 's all helter - skelter enough .
Many people were still eating just before the plane landed .
Plus they also enthusiastically peddle gifts to earn extra income . Such as model airplanes , dolls ...
I saw one person pay 200 for a model airplane .
In order to reduce the number of empty seats , the plane even has passengers going to different destinations ; after the plane landed at Shanghai , those people stayed on the plane and waited for the cabin to be cleaned and tidied , and only after new passengers were boarded did they continue on their way .
After we landed at Shanghai , an airport bus transferred us ; they did n't use the bridge .
They said this was another cost - saving measure .
In short , the plane was on time , the baggage was delivered quickly , and the service was OK .
This kind of train - like business approach is rather unusual .
--
Dezhou Casino monopoly , rocket calf spur .
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 68.92. -RSB- .
Diagram of this topic : IMG_0782.JPG -LRB- 762259 bytes -RRB-
28 - year - old multimillionaire says : Why am I able to make money ?
forcode -LRB- Weird Ideas Log -RRB-
Author : http://www.donews.net/pangshengdong mail : 200...@gmail.com .
Copyright announcement : May be reproduced at will ; when reproducing , please be sure to hyperlink the original source and the author 's information and this announcement http://www.donews.net/pangshengdong .
Note : I'm 'm really embarrassed if this header is a bit flashy , but there 's no other way ; I hope more media will reproduce this article and let more people see it , so the header needs to attract attention .
The scheme behind this article is just one example ; I want to use it to inform everyone that things should be done with a clear objective , and they need to be thought out clearly beforehand .
What kind of results will this achieve ?
Describe it in detail and write it down .
This way , you'll 'll improve your efficiency in everything you do .
Of course this article does have considerable value ; it 's a summary of my 28 years of living and establishing a business , and what I say in it is not necessarily right , but I 'm confident that it can get you started .
A brief self - introduction .
My name is Pang Shengdong <http://pangshengdong.com/> .
I was born in 1977 into an ordinary peasant household in Tiantai , Zhejiang .
My mother was a peasant and my father was a carpenter ; they were both typical , solid country folk .
I got a job in 1998 ; I first wasted three years working in a public institution , and in 2001 I began setting up my own business ; I got things rolling , and I amassed a considerable amount .
In July of 2005 I invested in and established 51.com , serving as CEO .
51.com would provide a psychological harbor for millions of young Chinese females .
Starting from nothing , in six months ' time 51.com would enter the worldwide top 400 sites ; in 10 months ' time it entered the top 200 sites , and in 12 months ' time it was among the top 100 !
Now there are many risk investment companies expressing their clear intention to invest .
In my early years , I always believed that by relying on my smarts and effort I should eventually be able to live a pretty good life , but I never thought that when I was 28 I 'd be living in a fine home , be driving an Audi , have so many investors in my company , and have more than a hundred employees .
Many people ask me , Why ? Why are you able to make money ?
I ask myself the same question .
I need to sum it all up , to find out the reasons I can make money , to find out which qualities determined today 's achievements , to keep from slowly losing these qualities .
Why am I able to make money ?
Making money means letting other people give you money ; it 's selling things .
I made money because : I sold things to many people .
Why are there so many people who buy my things ?
If I look at it from this angle , and briefly sum it all up , the following are the main reasons :
1. Good character :
People 's outlook is bright ; if your everyday character is such that you are always thinking of other people , your things ca n't be too shoddy .
A good person finds it easier to design good things , and good service models .
I am a good person , I can say that with a clear conscience .
To date , no one has been able to surpass the securities service model I designed four years ago .
I think being a good person is the first reason I am able to make money .
2. Effort , progress , and constant study :
This is the basic quality for success ; there has never been any free lunch in the world , and since I graduated I've worked and studied 14 hours every day .
Pay attention to the concept of constant study ; regardless of what you do , you need to give it careful consideration , and you 'll gain an understanding of it ; any time is study time .
3. Dare to act !
Take no action , then there 's no opportunity for sure !
If you feel you can bear this risk , if you feel you can make do with the resources you have , then get cracking !
4. Luck : luck is also important .
Actually , now you can get the opportunity that this Internet provides , and everybody 's luck has gotten better .
Do n't say that this completely new , revolutionary application , this huge market , which has grown so fast , is entirely taken up by big companies ; do n't say the current situation is so disadvantageous .
Five years from now , when we look back at 2005 , we 'll say that these were good times created by the Internet .
5. Business flair and IQ :
My past business judgments demonstrate that I have a flair for business ; I think my business sense is pretty sharp .
6. Systematic thinking enables you to grasp the key points of any mater .
7. Strong cooperative awareness : nobody can do everything .
You need a team to make up for inadequacies in each person 's ability and experience .
In fact , I previously wrote a similar article , and everybody can search for it on Baidu or Google .
Eventually I may specially rewrite it to describe in detail how to find a business that will make money .
Everyone please note my blog on Donews http://blog.donews.com/pangshengdong .
What I say is not necessarily right , but I am confident that if you read it carefully it should give you a start .
Regarding everyone 's suggestions :
1. What you pay out you will get back .
Thinking more of other people , seeing things from their shoes : before you know it , we may also have the habits of good people , and this will raise our happiness index and our likelihood of succeeding .
Most successful people are good people !
2. People are naturally lazy , but if we want to succeed , if we want to make a lot of money , we need to think positively and make a greater effort !
Everybody has more or less the same IQ ; what can you use to make money ?
Hah ! Really make an effort !
At the same time , make sure you study constantly !
3. Remember : things are possible only when you act !
4. Business opportunities can be analyzed ; this requires a good model of thinking and adequate information .
How to analyze ?
Eventually I will write an article explaining this in detail .
5. Pay attention to teamwork ; one person can not achieve great things .
Always try to acquire friends who have abilities and experiences that complement yours .
If you want to establish a successful business , it 's extremely important to have several good partners .
6. Joining up with a good company is also a shortcut to getting rich ; many new companies are now hiring , and 51.com is currently hiring on a large scale <http://companyads.51job.com/companyads/shanghai/sh/shengdong_060627/i...> .
Everybody can also go read my blog ; that 's also a good opportunity .
You need to seize opportunities immediately , otherwise you may end up kicking yourself .
At the end of 2005 51.com will be listed among the 500 top companies on the Alexa Web site .
7. If you have a chance , interact with those who are actually successful .
Read what those who are really successful have written ; articles like this are hard to come by .
I urge everyone to read the new book written by Li Kaifu , the president of Google China ; the book by Li Jian , the president of Pinsou , is also not bad .
In short : as long as you make an effort , are willing to do it ! And pay attention to your methods , everybody has a chance to succeed !
Everybody has a chance to become a multimillionaire .
If you 're interested , you can contact me by e-mail ; my address is 200...@gmail.com .
QQ  508012651 .
MSN : 200...@gmail.com<MSN%EF%BC%9A200...@gmail.com> .
Personal blog : http://www.pangshengdong.com
Pang Dongsheng <http://pangshengdong.com/> 51.com CEO Confidence and sincerity are what it 's all about !
October 21 , 2005 11:30 p.m. in Pudong 1 , Shanghai .
[] Written at the Tenth Year -LRB- 18 -RRB- .
[] <POSTER> duduyuu
[duduyuu] January 22 , 1997 - January 22 , 2007 .
[duduyuu] Mom came in Summer '99 .
I am very grateful to my parents , because they have given up way too much for me .
[duduyuu] They have done everything they could for my future .
[duduyuu] Thinking about myself , I was really insensible .
[duduyuu] My insensibility has made the whole family pay too much for me .
Thinking about what my parents did and what my family did , what I did was indeed nothing .
[duduyuu] Growing up is painful , growing up lonely is more painful , but the process of growing up is happy , and the result of growing up will also hopefully make all those who love me gratified .
[duduyuu] Actually sometimes we grow up for ourselves , but also for all those who care about and love us .
[duduyuu]
[duduyuu] When I was small , I always thought I was the most wretched person in the world under the greatest stress and felt no one endured more hardships as I did .
[duduyuu] In fact , today 's achievement is the result of many people 's efforts .
[duduyuu] In fact , my parents were also reluctant to send me to the United States , but they needed to endure a lot for me .
Even today , I still feel myself wretched when I am under pressure and work really hard .
[duduyuu] But think about many people around me and many people closest to me , who can also feel my stress and are under stress and enduring [duduyuu] hardships too .
And their stresses and hardships are no less than mine .
[duduyuu] Thank my parents , thank my family , thank my friends , and thank everyone who shares my burdens --
-- [duduyuu] --
[duduyuu] Hard work without talent is a shame , but talent without hard work is a tragedy !
-LRB- are you a shame or a tragedy ?? or maybe a " Shamgerdy ? " -RRB- .
[] <POSTER> slli
[slli] re .
[slli] -LRB- In the master piece of duduyuu -LRB- Xiaobai - not the little dog of Shin - Chan 's , but a pot -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RRB- .
[slli] : January 22 , 1997 - January 22 , 2007
[slli] : Mom came in Summer '99 .
I am very grateful to my parents , because they have given up way too much for me .
They have done [slli] : everything they could for my future .
Thinking about myself , I was really insensible .
My insensibility has made the whole family pay [slli] : too much for me .
Thinking about what my parents did and what my family did , what I did was indeed nothing .
[slli] : Growing up is painful , growing up lonely is more painful , but the process of growing up is happy , and the result of growing up will also hopefully make [slli] : all those who love me gratified .
Actually sometimes we grow up for ourselves , but also for all those who care about and love us .
[slli] : When I was small , I always thought I was the most wretched person in the world under the greatest stress and felt no one endured more hardships as I did .
[slli] : In fact , today 's achievement is the result of many people 's efforts .
In fact , my parents were also reluctant to send me to the United States , but [slli] : they needed to endure a lot for me .
Even today , I still feel myself wretched when I am under pressure and work really hard
New Immigrant Ding Yunhong Sues Federal Government
ARSU
Poster : ARSU -LRB- Unknown -RRB- , Forum : CanadaNews
Title : New Immigrant Ding Yunhong Sues Federal Government
Poster 's Site : mitbbs.com BBS -LRB- Fri Jan 5 13:41:01 2007 -RRB-
Ding Yunhong , who came from mainland China and then immigrated to Windsor , Ontario , by way of the US , will attend the public hearing for judgment on his accusation of the federal government at 10:00 a.m. next Monday -LRB- January 8 -RRB- at the federal appeal court in Toronto .
During Ding Yunhong 's application for citizenship , a CIC official accused him of violating the law such as going to the US without notification , failing to report children upon landing , and attending school while collecting unemployment benefits .
Ding Yunhong gave explanations and responses to these accusations one by one , believing that this government official 's abuse of power had constituted infringement of his rights protected by the Canadian constitution and laws .
After filing complaints with CIC several times with no results , Ding Yunhong filed a complaint against the Canadian government with the federal court in Toronto on July 22 , 2004 .
After receiving the complaint , the civil court prosecuted the case on October 1 , 2004 .
On December 3 of the same year , Ding Yunhong became a Canadian citizen .
However , he believed he had suffered enough humiliation and damage during the application process and therefore further filed his complaint with the federal appeal court to demand justice .
He said that getting involved in the lawsuit with the government and court had subjected him and his family to tremendous pains and that he had suffered long - term depression because of that , but he could not do nothing for any injustice and discrimination imposed on him and will continue to fight .
--
* Source : mitbbs.com BBS , http://mitbbs.com -LSB- FROM : 141.162. -RSB-
What is life ?
Carefree - like
A student in a university philosophy department started pondering the question of what is life .
But he asked everyone around him , and none of his teachers was able to answer him .
So he left the university and went looking for a wise man to ask .
After 10 years , he finally learned of a wise yogi deep in the mountains of India .
He thereupon set out on tortuous roads , crossing over towering mountain peaks , and finally he found this wise man .
The wise man was seated , with his eyes closed .
The student did n't dare startle him , so he simply waited from dawn until dusk , when the wise man opened his eyes slightly .
The student seized his chance and hastened to ask : What is life ?
The wise man 's gaze shifted slightly ; he looked far off into the mountains , and he said profoundly : Life is a river .
The flustered student sprang to his feet :
Right ! I did n't take a university course on philosophical enlightenment and come all this way to hear you say what some little kid might say !
What the hell is life ?
The wise man was greatly surprised ; he too jumped up and said : You mean ... life is n't a river ?
Instead of Fighting among Ourselves , Think of Whether You Have Actual Power to Seek Benefits for Chinese People
zhuxi
Poster : zhuxi -LRB- chairperson -RRB- , Forum : Overseas
Title : Instead of Fighting among Ourselves , Think of Whether You have Actual Power to Seek Benefits for Chinese People
Poster 's Site : mitbbs.com BBS -LRB- Wed Jan 3 00:39:42 2007 -RRB-
At present , Chinese in the US are already an underrepresented group among the underrepresented groups .
Their actual power is far less than Indians ' .
Chinese people 's influence on the US politics and society is almost zero .
It can be said that they are typically subject to excessive humiliation -LRB- I did n't misuse the word , well - known US media can openly humiliate Chinese without having to worry about consequences -RRB- .
Under such circumstances , these self - proclaimed , so - called elites , graduates of China 's " famous " universities -LRB- Note , I mean China 's , there are n't many of those braggarts attending the famous US universities in which their departments are the top ten -RRB- , instead of thinking about how to get united , are getting themselves disabled first .
Assuming that you have achieved the best you have wanted , with only students from your respectful universities left in the US , what would be the result ?
Could things exist with their foundation gone ?
I guess your days would be also numbered .
Indians are waiting to reap profits from your conflict .
If you think I am exaggerating things to scare people , then shut up .
No more wasting your own and other people 's time out of boredom .
Be a student , or a researcher , what ultimately counts is the vision .
Nobel prizes are not given to highest scorers on the college entrance exams , but to those who can clearly point the direction in their chosen field .
Playing little clever tricks on minor issues , but blinded to major issues by trifles are not considered to be elites .
Elites at least should " not be muddle - headed in major affairs . "
Those who want to use abusive words , continue to do so .
Even if I would be drowned in your saliva , I still would like to speak for the Chinese compatriots who want to get united .
To put it impolitely , you people and your name will be both gone , while rivers will flow on forever .
In the end , whoever seeks benefits for the Chinese people will be respected by all .
This is not something that you can get through arguments .
--
* Source : mitbbs.com BBS , http://mitbbs.com -LSB- FROM : 75.80. -RSB-
[] To BPM -LRB- Jiaqi -RRB- -LRB- Jellied bean curd -RRB- and Others Who Find Fault with Country People
[] <POSTER> damit
[damit] There is no problem discussing the cy incident , but do n't expand the target to country people .
[damit] Do n't think you are superior simply because you grew up in a city .
[damit] You were not educated in a countryside environment , but the fact you could have made such uncivilized remark shows that your education background was not that good either .
[damit] I attended college and knew people from the countryside as well as from cities .
I myself grew up in the countryside .
[damit] During each school vacation , most children in the countryside have to go back home to help with farm work .
Their life is typically toiling on the land .
[damit] At such times , what do you city kids do ?
[damit] +Killing time in bars , playing video games , hanging around with girl friends , sightseeing trips , etc .
[damit] Children in the countryside know the hardship of life profoundly , and know their opportunity of attending school in cities are all obtained through their parents ' hard work .
So we especially treasure this opportunity and will not waste our time .
[damit] So if you know nothing about the countryside in China , you 'd better be careful when you talk about country people .
[damit] I will not make further comment on your character since someone has already commented on it in their posts in response to your post .
[] <POSTER> lolo
[lolo] // NOD , if one cy can represent country people , this logic is also extremely ridiculous .
[lolo] -LSB- In the contribution by damit -LRB- cleveland -RRB- , it was mentioned : -RSB-
[lolo] : There is no problem discussing the cy incident , but do n't expand the target to country people .
Do n't think you are superior simply because you grew up in a city .
[lolo] : You were not educated in a countryside environment , but the fact you could have made such uncivilized remark shows that your education background [lolo] : was not that good either .
I attended college and knew people from the countryside as well as from cities .
I myself grew up in the countryside .
During each school vacation , [lolo] : most children in the countryside have to go back home to help with farm work .
Their life is typically toiling on the land .
[lolo] : At such times , what do you city kids do ?
+Killing time in bars , playing video games , hanging around with girl friends , sightseeing trips , etc .
[lolo] : Children in the countryside know the hardship of life profoundly , and know their opportunity of attending school in cities are all obtained through their parents ' hard work .
So [lolo] : we especially treasure this opportunity and will not waste our time .
So if you know nothing about the countryside in China , [lolo] : you 'd better be careful when you talk about country people .
I will not make further comment on your character [lolo] : since someone has already commented on it in their posts in response to your post .
[lolo] We rabbits repeatedly teach everyone : Do not foul your own burrow !
[lolo] Why do some people always fight with us ?
[] <POSTER> yeding
[yeding] I said long time ago that she should take part in rush harvesting and rush planting several times and be re-educated , hehe
[yeding] -LSB- In the contribution by damit -LRB- cleveland -RRB- , it was mentioned : -RSB-
[yeding] : There is no problem discussing the cy incident , but do n't expand the target to country people .
Do n't think you are superior simply because you grew up in a city .
[yeding] : You were not educated in a countryside environment , but the fact you could have made such uncivilized remark shows that your education background [yeding] : was not that good either .
I attended college and knew people from the countryside as well as from cities .
I myself grew up in the countryside .
During each school vacation , [yeding] : most children in the countryside have to go back home to help with farm work .
Their life is typically toiling on the land .
[yeding] : At such times , what do you city kids do ?
+Killing time in bars , playing video games , hanging around with girl friends , sightseeing trips , etc .
[yeding] : Children in the countryside know the hardship of life profoundly , and know their opportunity of attending school in cities are all obtained through their parents ' hard work .
So [yeding] : we especially treasure this opportunity and will not waste our time .
So if you know nothing about the countryside in China , [yeding] : you 'd better be careful when you talk about country people .
I will not make further comment on your character [yeding] : since someone has already commented on it in their posts in response to your post .
[] Selling a Used Car , If You Sell It to Your Own Compatriots
[] <POSTER> ontheway
[ontheway] Of course you do n't know them personally , but they are Chinese , when the to - be - sold car has a problem , do you need to tell them about it ?
[ontheway] When we had the oil changed on our old car , some problems were found , and we felt it was not something that absolutely had to be fixed .
[ontheway] -LRB- But ms is no small matter , which I did n't understand , but the listed price was really startling , and I felt they were murdering us -RRB- .
So I never paid any attention .
[ontheway] On this sort of thing , when selling , if we tell the buyer , will it scare the buyer off ?
[] <POSTER> Andreas
[Andreas] See whether you hd -LRB- hide -RRB- or not --
[Andreas] Anyhow I absolutely dare not look for a " compatriot " to buy a car --
[Andreas] -LSB- in ontheway -LRB- ontheway -RRB- 's article he mentions : -RSB- .
[Andreas] Of course you do n't know them personally , but they are Chinese , when the to - be - sold car has a problem , do you need to tell them about it ?
When our old car had an oil change [Andreas] : some problems were found , and we felt it was not something that absolutely had to be fixed .
-LRB- but ms is no small matter , which I did n't understand , but the listed [Andreas] price was really startling , and I felt they were murdering us -RRB- , so I never paid any attention .
On this sort of thing , when selling , [Andreas] : if we tell the buyer , will it scare the buyer off ?
[] <POSTER> ontheway
[ontheway] Um , that 's the way we think , too ; anyhow when foreigners sell to us , they do n't say anything , if we sell it back to a foreigner , it 's OK not to tell .
[ontheway] -LSB-  Andreas -LRB- God , if you 're again looking for trouble from me , then I will yjtf you -RRB- 's article he mentions : -RSB-
[ontheway] : See whether you hd -LRB- hide -RRB- or not --
[ontheway] Anyhow I absolutely dare not look for a " compatriot " to buy a car --
Frozen Time : Leap - Year Day
Frozen Time
On the 23rd of the twelfth month of the lunar year , we celebrate leap - year day , and the Spring Festival is getting closer and closer .
The two of us are busy doing our makeup and our hair .
Custom has it that you should not get your hair cut in the first month of the lunar year ,
And before the Spring Festival there are more people than usual getting their makeup and hair done .
Abing laughingly allowed me to go on the second day of the second month when the two dragons raise their heads to get my hair cut .
In the evening I had nothing to do , so I decided to look for someone to gamble with .
I called a friend , but he had just moved into a new home .
Today for leap - year day his father - and mother - in - law were gathered with his family at his house to make jiaozi , so it appears we ca n't get together for gambling today !
Tutu and I went home and ate a great meal , I lit some candles , and the two of us celebrated the holiday .
The custom of paying respects to the Kitchen God .
According to traditional custom , every year on the 23rd of the last month of the lunar year , the Kitchen God is supposed to ascend to Heaven and report to the Jade Emperor on this home 's good things and bad for the Jade Emperor to reward or punish .
So when they pray to the Kitchen God , people place sweets , fresh water , black beans , and hay on a table in front of the Kitchen God 's image ; the last three of these are for the horse that the Kitchen God rides to Heaven .
On the evening of the 23rd of the twelfth lunar month , you 're supposed to place a tray of candied melon on the table .
This is because you hope the Kitchen God will eat his fill of sweets and then " tell good things in Heaven and bring good fortune when he returns . "
After you put the candied melon on , you take down the image of the Kitchen God that was hung above the stove the previous year and burn it at the side of the stove ; then you wait until the 30th when you put up the spring couplets and hang a new Kitchen God in the original place , and you hang up a couplet with the first line saying " Ascend to Heaven and tell good things " and the second line reading " Return and bring good fortune , " and the horizontal saying is " Ruler of This Home . "
Then you also put an incense burner there and every time you celebrate a festival you light incense and pray for happiness .
Folk custom says that men do not worship the moon and women do not sacrifice to the Kitchen God , so it is only the men who make these sacrifices to the Kitchen God .
Legend .
A long time ago , there was a well - to - do family named Zhang ; in middle age , they had a son .
The husband and wife gave their son the name Zhang Guisheng , and later people called him Zhang Sheng .
When Zhang Sheng grew up , he liked to eat , was lazy , and he often went gambling , so the old husband and wife decided to marry him off and let their daughter - in - law manage him .
They sent someone to propose this marriage to a comely girl in the village named Guo Dingxiang .
Dingxiang soon came to live with them , but after the marriage Zhang Sheng 's behavior worsened .
Dingxiang persuaded and cajoled , but in the end she was beaten and kicked by Zhang Sheng .
Not long after , the two aggrieved elders passed on .
One day , Dingxiang rolled out a bowlful of long , fine noodles and waited for Zhang Sheng to return to eat , and she took the opportunity to again urge him to change his ways , but Zhang Sheng pushed the bowl away and left .
After this , Zhang Sheng threw out Dingxiang , sold off the family possessions and land , and spent his days living a life of dissipation .
After being thrown out , Dingxiang went to South Mountain .
There she spent her days clearing land and planting crops , and in the evening she wove ; after years of arduous toil , she became a wealthy woman with a hundred mu of fine land .
When Zhang Sheng had sold off all his possessions , he began to beg for a living .
Only then did he repent , and he thought of how worthy Dingxiang was .
One day , Dingxiang saw a beggar enter her courtyard , and she realized it was Zhang Sheng .
Good - hearted Dingxiang took Zhang Sheng into the kitchen and with her own hands gave him a bowl , setting it on the table .
Zhang Sheng saw this bowl of long , thin noodles and knew he had come begging to Dingxiang 's home ; feeling ashamed , he smashed his head into the stove and killed himself .
Later the Jade Emperor made him the Kitchen God and put him above the stove so he could watch other people eat but not eat himself , and told him that was his punishment .
In Terms of Blood Lines , Little Japan Is Closer to China
xiaoge
Poster : xiaoge -LRB- xiaoge -RRB- , Section : ChinaNews .
Topic : In Terms of Blood Lines , Little Japan Is Closer to China
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Thu Feb 1 23:53:45 2007 -RRB- .
Half of the Japanese people are descendants of the Han race -LRB- proved by modern genetics -RRB- , and they inherited their culture from us as well .
More or less they can somehow talk practically and realistically .
Before the year N , most Koreans were the descendants of northwestern nomads ; they were pressured by the Han for N years , and they bear animosity .
If in those years the " Great East Asian Circle of Common Glory " is unfortunately achieved , it should be a bit more bearable than in the Qing Dynasty when the Manchus shaved our heads .
For the long - term , if we let the descendants of the overseas Han come to force the Great East Asian Circle of Glory , it wo n't be as good as if we make it happen ourselves .
Then we 'll send troops to be stationed in Korea and follow the system of the Manchus from those times , setting up a frankpledge system , with the bride spending her wedding night with the lord of the frankpledge .
Restoring those olden days will ensure that everybody on the Korean peninsula is a descendant of the Han race , ^_^ .
--
Source :  BBS Unnamed space station http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 71.79. -RSB- .
.
Setting up an Internet business : What do you need ?
usana - msi
Setting up an Internet business : What do you need ?
Experience in setting up a business : My " boss " dream
Three stages of setting up a business from scratch
The critical path of success
Talking about setting up a business
Now , as the Internet grows , the Internet economy has passed through a " bubble era " and is gradually moving toward a dazzling springtime .
When you look at the IT giants that have sprouted up one after the other on the Internet , do you get excited ?
Are you worried ?
Are you determined ?
Setting up an Internet business is an idea that appeals to people .
Because : 1. Low cost
Unless they are undertaking a very large project , Internet entrepreneurs do not need much capital .
Perhaps one computer + ADSL + a dummy mainframe + a small room and you can get started .
But this is still far , far from success .
Some people may scoff that this ca n't be called setting up a business .
If you have plenty of funds , very sharp thinking , and a classic idea , you do n't need to read what I wrote .
But do n't stick up your nose ; for the time being we 're not talking about the relationship between capital and profit .
You feel that if the cost is insignificant , the profit must not be worth mentioning .
Well , now I 'm telling you you're 're wrong .
This traditional cost - profit relationship just does n't work on the Internet .
Because you 've overlooked one thing , and that 's your own intelligence and ability .
In setting up an Internet business , this holds a more important position .
The Internet is absolutely a place for the daring to be forceful .
If you have the ability , you can hope to succeed .
2. Low start - up cost
Internet communications are now well developed .
It can be said that all you need is broadband , and you 've solved most of your Internet communication problems and can save yourself a lot of telephone charges .
At the same time , you do n't need to go out and rent a storefront and pay exorbitant rents .
Early on , before you 've formally registered the company , you also do n't have to be bothered with lots of petty charges and taxes .
3. Staffing is very simple ; in the early stages many entrepreneurs start from scratch , with one person handling all tasks .
Because one person can basically cope with everything in the early stages , there is no need to incur personnel costs .
4. The risk is low , so if the business fails , you do n't need to be afraid .
Because the initial investment is low , there are greater opportunities for turnover .
Therefore the entrepreneur can give up without fearing the consequences of failure .
5. High profit
If you succeed early on in setting up your business and continue on down the right path of development , then I congratulate you .
Now you can shout it out : " My Web site is making a profit ! "
But do n't let the first bucket of money you make go to your head .
Do n't forget , the higher you climb , the higher you 'll fall .
Remind yourself that now is the time you need to keep a close watch on developments in market trends and among your competitors .
Promptly adjust your growth strategy .
Only then will you be smiling at the end .
Maybe when you read about the advantages of establishing an Internet business above , your heart was racing and you were thinking you 'd really work hard to make it .
Below I 'm going to discuss some of the areas that you need to pay attention to when setting up an Internet business :
1. Use your own unique vision to examine the Internet and look for new ways to make a profit .
Aggressively investigate new projects ; avoid blindly imitating others .
Are there lots of people doing this kind of thing on the Internet ?
If a flashA.com appears on the Net today , tomorrow there will be flashC.com and flashD.com .
If that 's the case , your odds of failing just increased by 30 % .
Remember : If you 're always following on somebody else 's tail , then what you'll get will always be someone else 's trash , picked over , cast aside and unused .
Of course we 're not opposed to imitating , but what we should think about is why is this person taking that route , and not which route is this person taking .
Then we will study the line of thought and the skills he used to solve problems .
So we will gain more than he did .
2. If you 've selected a given project and are carrying it out , then you should definitely carry it through to the end ; avoid switching course in midstream .
Of course when I say see it through to the end , this does not mean to continue blindly , sticking with it even when you know full well it 's hopeless .
What I mean is , do n't be distracted , doing SMS today and selling things tomorrow , with a new approach every day .
You see somebody else doing something that makes money , and you think you want to do that .
Your website is simply the " art of changing your look " like in Sichuan opera .
A new face every day , completely different .
What I recommend is that when you set up your business you should give it careful consideration and fully investigate its feasibility .
Once you set out to do something , you should pursue the goal you set for yourself , sticking with it unless really forced to give up .
3. Use your hands , eyes and brain , be observant and alert , and consider all possibilities .
Avoid acting rashly when you set up your Internet business .
Your mind needs to be sharp ; the Internet offers virtually unlimited business opportunities ; maybe it 's just a small opportunity , but you should seize it .
Then maybe you will succeed .
Otherwise if the opportunity was right in front of you and you did n't seize it .
So ... you need nimble hands .
If you come upon something important , by all means make a note of it , and so on .
Your eyes need to be sharp : you need to spot changes in the IT situation right away and quickly prepare a short - term business plan .
Like right now , many portal sites are seizing the opportunity of the Olympics to considerably increase their traffic .
I think advertising revenues in this area alone will be considerable .
4. Be tough and resilient : avoid the easy route .
Setting up an Internet business is hard labor .
When you 're just setting up your business , it is sometimes hard to avoid feeling completely exhausted .
Sometimes you 'll just feel like throwing in the towel .
Do n't forget : if you were working for someone else , you would n't like it either , and may feel even worse !
5. You need to learn to look for partners .
6. You need to know what Internet marketing is , and learn how to use it .
Are you looking for an already proven , feasible way to increase your sources of income ?
Are you looking for an opportunity to create both free time and financial freedom ?
Do you have dreams or goals that you want to reach ?
http://whymsi.com/awing
http://msi-team.com/awing
QQ : 65146050
Address : usana...@gmail.com .
Yahoo messenger : dzh...@yahoo.com.cn .
China is Capable of withstanding the Impacts Brought to China by US Economic Recession .
buabua
Poster : buabua -LRB- hj -RRB- , Area : BusinessNews .
Title : China is Capable of withstanding the Impacts Brought to China by US Economic Recession .
China is Capable of withstanding the Impacts Brought to China by US Economic Recession .
http://web.wenxuecity.com/BBSViewphp?SubID=currentevent&MsgID=159556 .
Source : changbaishan , Jan 10 , 2007 12:58:27 AM .
China is Capable of withstanding the Impacts Brought to China by US Economic Recession .
Following the recession in 2001 , the US economy has entered into " soft - landing " adjustment after five years of continuous expansion .
Some expect that in 2007 the US economic growth rate will drop to 1.9 - 2.5 percent , the interest rate will drop to 4 percent , and the US dollar will continue to depreciate .
Once the US economy is in recession , will impacts will it bring to China ?
And what measures will China take in response ?
These are questions worth pondering upon .
Pressure brought to China by the US economic recession .
The United States is the powerhouse of the world economy and the largest international market .
The USD$ 800 - billion annual trade deficit indicates global exports are heavily dependent on the US .
The US is our No. 2 trade partner , No. 1 export market , No. 6 import source , and No. 3 technology import source .
China 's total export value was USD $ 875 billion from January to November 2006 , of which 21 % was export to the US .
Plus the portion re-exported from Hong Kong , export to the US accounted for over 35 percent of the total Chinese export value .
Export of Chinese shipping , low - end electronics , furniture , textiles and artware could all be affected should the US experience economic recession .
In addition , other developing countries in Asia are major suppliers in the supply chain centered around China , and the supply chain is driven by the US demand .
As a result , slowdown of the US economy represents a huge pressure for the entire Asia .
Some expect that China 's export growth rate will decrease from 23 percent to 15 percent in 2007 .
If the government sit by and watch , the Chinese economic growth rate will drop 3 - 4 percent .
China is fully capable of withstanding the impacts .
Regardless of the accuracy of various comments , China must be prepared to cope with the US economic recession .
Although some predictions are a little sensational , the author believes the US economic recession this time will not be very severe , with less impacts on China than other countries .
By taking some proactive measures , the Chinese economy is fully capable of withstanding such impacts .
From the current situation , strong domestic investment within China has fully compensated the impact of the decrease in net export .
The appreciation of RMB has not affected export either , and the decrease in volume due to higher prices is offset by increased prices .
Raw materials imported take a large percentage in the costs of the Chinese exports .
The appreciation of RMB could , in the first place , lower costs .
Additionally , in the long term , RMB slowly edging up can encourage firms to use advanced international technology and resources .
The government may support export , especially technological upgrade of exports , by such ways as increasing export rebates , adopting quicker depreciation , removing the super-national treatment to foreign investments .
It can be expected that neither the appreciation of RMB nor the global economic recession will seriously impact Chinese export .
It would be exaggerating to say China is 70 percent dependent on foreign trade .
The statistics has underestimated China 's Gross National Product -LRB- GNP -RRB- , especially that of the tertiary sector .
Converting to US dollar at the exchange rate has also underestimated China 's Gross Domestic Product -LRB- GDP -RRB- .
As more than half of the Chinese foreign trade is processing trade , it would be overestimating the total foreign trade to count import and export repeatedly .
The author estimates that our country actually might be 40 percent dependent on foreign trade .
Therefore , there is no need to magnify China 's dependence on export to the US .
Export - oriented economic growth of China should be cooled down , while the role of domestic demand and import should be promoted .
Our economic growth relies primarily on the domestic market and should be increasingly dependent on the domestic market .
If factors such as the rapid development of the tertiary sector and the appreciation of RMB are taken into consideration , China 's dependence on foreign trade can be controlled at around 50 percent in the long run .
Long - term export of Chinese products at low prices will lead to " impoverished wealth growth , " and we should specially understand the " wealth " as domestic environmental resources .
Foreign - funded processing export consumes domestic electricity and water resources substantially .
The environmental costs in our country account for approximately 30 percent of product costs , but are not incorporated into product prices .
And this is the primary reason why Chinese products are cheap .
It is imperative to remove the environmental subsidies to domestic and foreign consumers , internalize external environmental costs of Chinese products as soon as possible , and increase the prices of most products , including exports , in order to alleviate international trade frictions , reduce the pressure for RMB appreciation , and in particular change the prospect that the Chinese environmental resources will seriously deteriorate .
In addition , the Chinese population is huge and young , which enables the Chinese economy to enjoy the " population dividends . "
However , the percentage of savings is astoundingly high , and according to the hypothesis of macroeconomic balance where savings equal investments , the huge investments have become the source of high - speed economic development .
However , to depress the consumption rate to lower than 40 percent will certainly lead to overproduction , and cheap goods will in turn impact the international market .
If the US economic recession would indeed affect our export , it would not necessarily be a bad thing in the author 's view .
In a sense , domestic demand will not increase unless export decreases .
Over the last 20 years , the world has experienced many economic crashes , affecting countries or regions such as Russia , Arab , Latin America and East Asia .
The US also suffered stock market crash in 2001 .
China is the only one to realize economic emergence for the largest population in the history .
Whenever there is an international economic recession , China would actively expand domestic demand to create market for different countries .
In fact , China has long been a responsible big nation , playing a stabilizing role to the international society .
External pressure is an opportunity for internal restructuring .
Long - term high - speed growth in China has led to significant wealth growth , as well as different kinds of disequilibriums , such as : too much savings and investments and insufficient consumptions ; heavy investment in infrastructure and manufacturing , and insufficient investment in national defense , science and technology , education , health , environment and national reserves ; wider income gap , regional gap and gap between urban and rural areas ; the economy has become dependent on the US market to some extent due to long - term export orientation and trade surplus to the United States ; and environmental resource outflow by way of exporting , so on and so forth .
By now , high - speed growth of the Chinese economy has entered the final acceleration period that will span over a decade .
Beginning 2007 , the economic aggregate is expected to increase sharply by 150 percent , leading to the " historical disequilibrium development " predicted by Soros .
This is also why China is not afraid of a global economic crisis and capable of digesting it .
However , after 2020 , China will be facing the puzzle of population aging , which is sure to witness an economic slowdown .
As an expectation , there will be leading overreactions in financial and real estate areas by around 2015 .
We must complete a series of tasks in this period , including system restructuring , overcoming the financial crisis , improving national defense strength , safeguarding national security , realizing technological upgrade and protecting the environment .
The economic growth in future will be realized primarily through technological advancement and social harmony .
Within these years , the sharply grown wealth of RMB? 40 trillion shall be used effectively in areas including national defense , science and technology , environment , national soil renovation , and adjusting social relations .
It wo n't do to rely solely on the market mechanism and economic strength .
To realize , there should also be a correct strategy , relying upon the comprehensive strength of the culture , the nation and the society .
Various disequilibriums in the rapid growth of China must be adjusted .
From this perspective , the US economic recession imposes external pressure on the economic restructuring , which is also an opportunity .
Whether the impacts brought to China by the US economic recession can be resisted and the impacts on the world economy can be alleviated hinge on whether or not China can truly expand its domestic demand .
The next few years may see the Chinese economy cooling down , a continuous modest rise in RMB , a slowdown in the speed and volume of export growth , a possible decrease in trade surplus , and speculative capital and the real estate bubble in control , which are adjustments from disequilibriums to equilibriums in the economic relations between China and the United States and between China and the world , as well as in the social relations within China .
--
* Source :  BBS Unknown Space http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 72.92. -RSB- .
Peasants blocking roads and clashing with the police : who should reflect on this ?
613305
-LSB- Xinhua , Jiu Taiping -RSB- posted on January 14 , 2007 2:00:25 p.m. -LRB- SMS -RSB- -- -LSB- Outer form -RSB- .
Jiu Taiping
" Rocks were moved onto the road , and several dozen peasants stood in the middle of the road , several hundred cars were backed up , and rocks were thrown at the police .... "
Yesterday morning after 10:00 o'clock , villagers from some 40 households in Zhaojiacun , Xiaojie Township , Chongming County , unhappy with the blasting for road construction that was damaging their homes , crowded onto the section at the 67th kilometer of Kunqu highway now being built , throwing stones and blocking the road for more than four hours , causing a backup of hundreds of cars .
-LRB- January 14 , Capital City News -RRB- .
It is unreasonable to block roads and cut off traffic even if the villagers ' homes were being damaged by the blasting for road construction and the economy was being hurt ; these methods are illegal and harm innocent bystanders ; they are unacceptable .
If there is a problem , they should seek out the concerned departments , that 's all .
However , the villagers ' agitation has its own reasons .
You might say it ca n't be helped .
If they had been able to resolve the problem through regular channels , they would n't have taken such a step .
China 's peasants are simple and decent folk ; quite often when they get the short end of the stick they suffer in silence .
If it is not something that affects their livelihood , they are not easily moved to take action .
They may be simple and decent and may accept bullying , but when someone rides on their backs and dumps on them , they wo n't take it any more , and they explode .
In my view , the concerned parties ' disregard for the people 's interests is the basic reason that brought this on .
At the same time , in this disturbance both the villagers and the police are the victims of bureaucracy .
In the news reports , we clearly felt that the behavior of the police went beyond enforcement of the law ; their behavior infringed on human rights .
For example , when the dustup began between the people and the police , " One policeman took out a camera and photographed me ; I used my hand to block it , and another policeman kicked me in the stomach .
I immediately squatted down , and then they beat me on the face and head , I do n't know who it was ; I wiped my face with my hand , my hand was full of blood , they had broken open my mouth . "
Although the peasants ' blocking the road was against the law , the police can maintain order according to the law ,
but what right do the police have to beat people and even to kick a woman in the stomach ? "
It also might be said that when a mob situation arises the police do n't want to clash with the people ; most often the police are following orders to suppress the mob and help officials restore order .
In life , some local government officials encounter problems of fierce resistance from the people ; instead of thinking of ways to smooth over and resolve the problem , they first think of suppressing it , and they 're accustomed to mobilizing the police force to forcefully carry that out .
In fact the harsher the suppression the more likely there will be a conflict , bringing on even greater feelings of opposition between police and people and between cadres and the masses , which does n't help resolve the problem .
Taking this case as an example , the common folk blocked the road because the local government did not resolve the problem .
If it had resolved it , no one would have broken the law !
Although you can say that blocking the road was illegal , it 's also not a violent act ; the police should have continued directing traffic , and they might not have resorted so quickly to force .
Who brought about the clash between the police and the villagers ?
Who bears responsibility ?!
I believe we should first look into the local government 's nonfeasance in ignoring the interests of the people .
" The interests of the masses are no small matter " is not just a slogan ; it needs to be made real .
Now that there has been this disturbance , the concerned parties need to be vigilant ; they take the initiative and pay compensation for the reinforcement work , sooner rather than later .
The reason is very simple : people 's homes , which were originally unstable , can still be maintained for several more years ; this shock was n't caused by the people , and compensation should be paid .
Moreover , it is useless to quibble further about how much money should be spent on the compensation issue .
I believe there is only one standard : if someone 's house was destroyed , the party who destroyed it should restore it to its original condition , without regard to how much money the damage is worth , afraid to spend one red cent ; just restore it to the original condition .
If the wrangling over the compensation issue goes on forever , then I believe the government is still not sincere in resolving the matter of the people 's interests ; if it drags on and on , it will only intensify the conflict and make the people angry , and history will repeat itself .
Do , keep bullying the peasants ; they have it tough enough !
The peasants have suffered enough !
Give them the means to live !
" Appeal from a Communist " and " Death " Threat to the Reporter .
peirongwang126@gmail.com
" Appeal from a Communist " and " Death " Threat to the Reporter .
An Appeal from a communist at the Fenghua Garden community .
Fenghua Garden residents : .
Weird things have persisted since we moved into the Fenghua Garden .
Over the past years , the media , procuratorate , court and government are all involved in the issue of Fenghua Garden .
Instead of any solutions to the issue , we can vaguely see all sorts of mysteries of politics .
This gives us nothing but confusions and concerns .
How could there be such a weird phenomenon under the communist leadership ?
We are puzzled !
After seeing the remarks of an auditor - general , I am finally a little enlightened on the mysteries of the " Fenghua Garden phenomenon . "
The insightful opinion of this insightful person is indeed penetrating , " there is no law - abiding community association in Xuzhou . "
This is the auditor 's conclusion from the auditor - general after auditing the embezzlement of Fenghua Garden properties by the Community Association , which says there is no law - abiding community association .
Therefore , be it embezzlement or robbery , there 's no surprise .
God ! It really makes you tremble with fear when such words are uttered by a communist official specializing in auditing .
How are the fundamental purposes of the Chinese Communist Party implemented among officials , media , procuratorate , court and government in Xuzhou ?
No wonder the media are afraid of releasing the actual situation at the Fenghua Garden .
You , leaders of the legal and political communities educated by the Party , do n't you feel the severity of the problem ?
The community association is a grass - root organization of the Party , which also hosts the Party Branch .
The community association does not obey the law , and even deliberately break the law , seizing and looting properties of residents and people and beating others in retaliation , coupled with the police 's involvement in beating others .
These have deeply hurt people 's hearts and will lead to a loss of support of people over time .
This is a major issue crucial to the life and death of the Party and the nation , which no communists or righteous Chinese should turn a blind eye to .
Specifically , communists and righteous and integral people at the Fenghua Garden should no longer keep silent .
We appeal to Secretary Xu Ming to address issue of the Fenghua Garden , as well as the issue that " there is no law - abiding community association in Xuzhou " promptly .
If it drags on again without solution , we should appeal to Secretary Li Yuanchao of the Provincial Committee , up to the Central Committee , with liabilities of leaders at various levels investigated .
Everyone is called upon for uniform action .
A communist , January 6 , 2007
Wang Peirong received " death " threat for as long as a week .
Director of the Owner Committee , Wang Peirong , insisted on reporting and revealing publicly the illegal behaviors such as embezzlement and appropriation of public properties of the owners .
The action of Wang Peirong has stood in the way of some people to become rich and smashed the millionaire dream of some people in their attempt to embezzle and appropriate public properties , and so they hate Wang Peirong to the guts .
Recently , wife of Wang Guanghua , Deputy - Secretary of the Community Party Branch , has written more than once on the community notice board such things as " Wang Peirong is on a no - return road , " issuing open " death " threat to Wang Peirong .
Wang Peirong has reported to the police many times since January 4 , but Wang Guanghua 's wife exercised no restraint , and instead she wrote the " death " threat on Wang Peirong 's unit entrance on the 8th .
The fact that Wang Guanghua 's wife had the nerve to issue " death " threat to the reporter Wang Peirong for a week is associated with the public security 's failure to investigate the case that the reporter Wang Peirong was bashed up by four family members of Liu Yongxiu , Director of the Fenghua Garden Community Association .
With the reporter 's rights not guaranteed , law - breakers , criminals and the corrupt have no fear and retaliate upon the reporter .
The evil force is rampant at the Fenghua Garden community , Xuzhou .
With stolen authorities , they have embezzled and appropriated public properties of the owners by hook or crook and sought a protection layer through bribery .
They beat up the reporter and issued " death " threat .
This is not only an open provocation to the reporter Wang Peirong , but also an open provocation to owners at the Fenghua Garden , as well as an open provocation to the social legal system , which serious deteriorate the social atmosphere .
January 8 , 2007 .
Corruption is astounding in Xuzhou , with the corrupt committing all kinds of crimes blatantly .
The struggle against corruption makes little progress as it takes both blood and tears .
Corruption is astounding in Xuzhou , with the corrupt committing all kinds of crimes blatantly .
Amid deep - rooted corruption in Xuzhou , the struggle against corruption makes little progress as it takes both blood and tears .
For details , please see attachments " Crimes Treated Fairly , Auditing Becomes the Measure Of Money - Laundering , " " It is So Difficult to Legally Dismiss the Corrupt and Evil Community Association Director even at the Joint Request of Over 1600 Residents , " " The Reporter Bleeds and Tears , While the Reported Committing All Crimes Still at Large . "
People with the sense of justice , please help report and reveal : .
1. The crimes of Liu Yongxiu , who manipulated the Community Association to evade taxes and issue illegal invoices of  250,000 , embezzle and appropriate over ? 100,000 public revenue of the owners , and retaliate upon the reporter ; .
2. Li Deqing , auditor - general of Quanshan District , among others , is suspected of misconduct , misuse of authority , irregularities for favoritism , and failure to submit criminal cases .
For detailed information , please contact Wang Peirong , Director of the Fenghua Garden Owner Committee , Xuzhou , Jiangsu Province .
Telephone : 0516 - 83884475 , 0516 - 82952393 -LRB- PHS -RRB- ,
E-mail : peirongw...@126.com .
For articles " Crimes Treated Fairly , Auditing Becomes the Measure Of Money - Laundering , " " It is So Difficult to Legally Dismiss the Corrupt and Evil Community Association Director even at the Joint Request of Over 1600 Residents , " " The Reporter Bleeds and Tears , While the Reported Committing All Crimes Still at Large , " please see webpages : .
http://bbs.86516.com/viewthread.php?tid=975363&pid=11981952&page=1&ex ...
or http://bbs.86516.com/viewthread.php?tid=975367&pid=11982001&page=1&ex ...
Having Seen that for Two Days , I Feel Really Fucking Blocked Up at Heart .
nihuai
Poster : nihuai -LRB- DULM -RRB- , Area : Overseas .
Title : Having Seen that for Two Days , I Feel Really Fucking Blocked Up at Heart .
Originating site : BBS Unknown Space -LRB- Sun Jan 21 21:10:52 2007 -RRB- .
In principle , I am already in my thirties and turning forty anyhow , but I am still disgusted upon seeing it .
I am not sure if Cui fucked a minor .
If he was my friend , I will most probably avoid contacting him until he cleans it off .
People have bottom lines after all .
Some things are absolutely unacceptable , like murder , like fucking a minor .
When I was back in China this year , I tutored little girls at two relatives homes , feeling 14 - 17 is a very dangerous age group for girls .
You can see clearly how she considers problems , and she easily opens up her thoughts and emotions to you , .
where the worst is she thinks she understands everything .
Only rascals would harm these people .
You will understand what I mean if you have a daughter .
There are something that I will never understand , for example having sexual impulse for girls between 14 and 17 .
It only makes me feel funny and concerned to know their various naive and innocent thoughts , as well as their virtually groundless admiration for and trust in you .
Who will harm these people ?
When I just met my wife , she was a volunteer at some women 's organizations .
I also went for help and met a lot of single mothers discarded , or even tortured by men .
Many ideas have changed .
People can be very bad , while simultaneously they are decent lawyers , doctors , professors and engineers .
Many people/matters make you hard to believe .
Some people are just like the colleagues and teachers around you , but they have done very contemptible things , which could be said even worse than beasts .
In the past , I always thought many laws and regulations were ridiculous in the United States , but I feel they are quite reasonable after experiencing these .
In order to protect the weak , it is necessary for the powerful to sacrifice some interests or conveniences .
After all , the so - called " sacrifices " are no big deal , while the disasters endured by the weak are much heavier .
Please guard your moral bottom line , even if you do not have a teenage daughter .
--
Territories are conquered , while affections are nurtured ! .
* Reivsion :  nihuai revised the article at Jan 21 21:12:01 2007  -LSB- FROM : 68.189. -RSB-
* Source :  BBS Unknown Space http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 68.189. -RSB-
[buabua] Zhong Dajun : China 's Economy is Very " Heavy "
[buabua] With regard to China 's development , for most workers and farmers , the fruit of economic development is like a black hole .
[buabua] Why has n't there been substantial change in the living conditions of most common people after nearly 30 years of reform ?
Many people are even still living in poverty .
[buabua] Where is the national wealth created by such a high economic growth ?
[buabua] High Economic Growth and Big Wealth Funnel -- Several Obvious Features of the Current Economy of Our Country
[buabua] Zhong Dajun , Beijing Dajun Economic Observation & Research Center
[buabua] The current situation of economic development in our country makes us both happy and worried .
We are happy because we have a government and the people who are greatly interested in GDP and developing economy enthusiastically .
And we are worried because the global division of labor has led to an abnormal industrial structure , and corruption has caused [buabua] the loss of economic development achievements .
[buabua] To sum up , China 's current economy has many features , but today I would like to talk mainly about these four points .
[buabua] I. the large investment scale of 32 trillion
[buabua] The first feature is certainly the high economic growth and large investment scale .
[buabua] Over these years , our country has been a country with unusually high economic growth in the world , and its achievements in construction often surprise the people from developed countries .
[buabua] For example , the construction of the Water Cube Swimming Center of the Beijing Olympic Stadium in today 's news report can be called the world first class .
[buabua] Of course , the high economic growth of our country is mainly driven by high investment .
[buabua] According to the new data announced by statistics department a few days ago , the investment projects under construction have totaled 32 trillion yuan in our country at present , 7 trillion more than last year 's 25 trillion .
[buabua] Thirty - two trillion yuan , converted into US dollars , is around 4 trillion US dollars .
[buabua] When the Japanese journalists had an interview with me a few days ago , I said to them , which country in the world has such a large construction scale at present ?
[buabua] With regard to the issue of the RMB exchange rate , to calculate based on PPP Standards , the total economic value and the construction scale of China should be absolutely far more than this .
[buabua] In the whole year of 2006 , the total investment in fixed assets of our country may reach 10 trillion yuan , increasing by approximately 30 % compared with the previous year .
[buabua] Scenes of booming construction can be seen everywhere in our country at present .
This is something to be happy about .
[buabua] For example , Beijing plans to increase the length of its subway to 550 km by 2020 , which will surpass that of New York , the USA , to become the No. 1 in the world .
However , at least several hundred billion yuan will be needed for this project .
[buabua] A large number of big and small metro projects throughout the country have formed the huge invested construction scale of our country .
[buabua] Currently the investments in our country are mainly spent on three major areas including infrastructure , enterprise facilities and real estate .
From these aspects , this wave of economic construction in our country is far from completion .
[buabua] Let 's look at infrastructure first .
In terms of various indexes such as railway , highway and communications , there is a certain disparity between our country and developed countries .
[buabua] In the example of Beijing Metro I mentioned above , the length of the subway in Beijing is less than 100 km at present , which is still far from 550 km .
[buabua] As for how many metros will be constructed in the whole country , there will be at least ten thousand kilometers .
[buabua] To calculate the cost at 500 million yuan per kilometer , an investment of five or six trillion yuan will be needed .
[buabua] In addition the construction of real estate can hardly cool down within two or three years .
The investment in real estate accounts for about 20 % of the total investment in fixed assets , and the investment amount this year is estimated to reach 18 trillion yuan , increasing by approximately 25 % year - on - year , but it is relatively low compared with other industries .
[buabua] With an annual fund investment of more than one trillion yuan , construction of so many buildings is a piece of good news for improvement of Chinese people 's residence and office conditions .
[buabua] Over the recent years , more than 300 million square meters of building area has been increased each year in our country , and per capita housing average has been increasing .
It is estimated that China can basically step out of the housing bottleneck and enter into oversupply period in a few years .
[buabua] But in the area of enterprises , China has just started to catch up with developed countries .
[buabua] If the industrialization of our country in the 1980s and 1990s was only the industrialization in light industry and household electric appliance industry , then the industrialization in our country has entered into the stage of heavy chemical industry since the 21st century .
[buabua] Development during this stage mainly concentrates on large equipment and machinery industry .
[buabua] These days , TV news is reporting that an enterprise in Shanxi has manufactured a large excavator for coal mining .
This shows that Chinese enterprises are finally starting to tackle large machinery .
[buabua] Some news even said that China has started preparing to manufacture 100,000 - ton aircraft carriers .
In fact , in the field of ship building industry , China has already had the capacity and conditions to manufacture aircraft carriers .
[buabua] Next , China will independently design and manufacture complete sets of equipment for large - scale enterprises in the heavy chemical industry .
[buabua] Only when China is able to produce such large key equipment by itself can China reverse the development mode of mercantilism as well as get rid of the fate of being in the processing trade as the world factory .
[buabua] China is stepping into modernization , and high speed is needed by the development of the country .
As long as the development is reasonable , a growth rate of 10 % is not high .
The key is to understand and solve the following problems .
[buabua] II. China 's economy is very " heavy . "
[buabua] At present the second feature of the economy in our country is " heaviness , " and such situation is caused by two major reasons .
[buabua] Firstly , our country is at the times of hardware construction and must be dealing with materials such as land , wood , steel and cement .
[buabua] Secondly , our country is entering into the stage of heavy chemical industry development .
As we become increasingly competitive , we are competing more successfully for the industries that developed countries were engaged in before , and in the meantime , developed countries are shifting to us the heavy chemical industry that they do not want to be engaged in .
[buabua] Two major sectors , " knowledge - based industry " and " material - based industry , " have emerged during the current world development .
Developed countries are increasingly entering into " knowledge - based industry " while developing countries are mostly entering into " material - based industry . "
[buabua] The knowledge - based industry is weightless , clean and environment - friendly with high added value .
[buabua] The material - based industry is heavy , tangible and pollutant with low added value .
[buabua] Such features make the present economic activities in our country particularly heavy .
[buabua] These years a saying has been circulating in our country that China has consumed 30 % of the steel , 40 % of the cement , and 30 % of the coal in the world but only has produced 4 % of its GDP .
[buabua] Such huge consumption of energy resources and raw materials only created such a small GDP .
It indicates the feature of " heaviness " of our economy .
The volume is heavy , but the value is low .
[buabua] Such feature has also resulted in soaring prices of energies and raw materials in the world in recent years .
[buabua] The international markets have been aware of China 's needs and taken this opportunity to raise prices .
Of course , China will go on with the development anyway , because there is in fact a considerable disparity between developed countries and us .
[buabua] We can see the disparity between our country and the US in hardware construction by giving an example .
[buabua] In the 100 years of the last century , the US produced and consumed 8.4 billion metric tons of steel in total , but it was only 1.8 billion metric tons for our country .
The disparity between the two countries is more than 6 billion metric tons .
[buabua] Both countries cover an area of more than 900 square kilometers , however the reinforced concrete cast in the US land might be several times more than in China in terms of the per capita amount , and it may take China many years to catch up with the infrastructure alone .
[buabua] Even if China produces 500 million metric tons of steel each year in the future , it will still take about 15 - 20 years to fill the gap .
[buabua] In particular , in terms of industrial structure , the developed countries have currently walked out of the stage of heavy chemical industry in succession , the industries in developed countries begin to become " light , " and their heavy chemical industries are gradually shifted to developing countries like China .
[buabua] China is in no position to pick and choose but take over the industries abandoned by others .
This makes the industrial structure of China very " heavy " during the whole process of global division of labor .
[buabua] If China becomes the manufacture workshop of the world 's heavy chemical industry in the next 20 years , the outcome will be quite different from today .
[buabua] At present , most of the import and export trade of our country is in processed products .
[buabua] When heavy chemical industrial products become the main import and export products of our country in the future , a great change will again take place in the economic structure and the import and export trade of our country .
The feature of " heaviness " of economic activities will be very obvious .
[buabua] I recalled the year 2001 when the Internet craze and knowledge - based economy craze appeared at home and abroad , some people getting so excited believed that China could rely on the Internet alone in the future .
[buabua] I could n't help throwing cold water on them by writing an article , saying that China would still stay at the stage of civil construction and steel economy in the future .
[buabua] Now when I look back on it , it becomes clearer .
[buabua] In sum , dealing with material - based economy will be what Chinese people are going to do for a long historical stage in the future .
This , of course , will have to consume a large amount of land resources and environment resources .
[buabua] China will face serious crisis of environment resources .
[buabua] Therefore , China should take a two - way approach in the future by paying attention to both material - based industry and knowledge - based economy .
Never be tricked by the theory of global labor division .
[buabua] III. A relatively large wealth funnel exists in China 's economy .
[buabua] Although the Chinese economy is growing rapidly , the distribution of national wealth is unbalanced , and a large disparity exists in the living conditions of citizens .
[buabua] In particular , when compared internationally , people find that a relatively large wealth funnel exists in the growth of China 's economy .
[buabua] For example , in Japan and South Korea , the rapid economic growth lasted less than 20 years , and their annual growth rates were lower than China 's , but these countries very quickly entered the ranks of the developed countries .
[buabua] In Japan during the period from the 1950s to the 1980s , the annual salary increase rate was 70 % higher than in the US , and the salary level had caught up with the US within less than 30 years .
[buabua] With regard to the development of our country , for most workers and farmers , the achievements of economic development are like a black hole .
[buabua] Why has n't there been substantial change in the living conditions of most common people after nearly 30 years of reform ?
Many people are even still living in poverty .
[buabua] Where is the national wealth created by such a high economic growth ?
[buabua] In spite of the numerous skyscrapers under construction in various large cities today , some of those luxurious facilities have nothing to do with Chinese people .
[buabua] A lot of assets and wealth in China do not belong to Chinese people .
[buabua] At present , the GDP -LRB- gross domestic product -RRB- of our country has reached over 20 trillion , but at least 40 % belongs to foreigners .
[buabua] Thus , the phenomena of the high economic growth , the low income of people , and the large outflow of profits have emerged during the development of China .
[buabua] This situation makes many people question the economic development of our country : where did the achievements of development go ?
[buabua] In my opinion , the wealth funnel in China 's economic development lies in four areas .
[buabua] Firstly , the large amount of exports has resulted in an outflow of resources and national wealth at a low price .
[buabua] Secondly , the large introduction of foreign capital has also resulted in the large outflow of profits .
[buabua] Thirdly , the huge amounts of unreported incomes derived from special rights and corruption are finding their way to foreign countries through diverse channels .
[buabua] Fourthly , the low efficiency and low returns of state - owned enterprises have also wasted a large amount of national wealth .
[buabua] The problems in these four areas have caused the rapid development and quick loss of China 's economy at the same time .
[buabua] Therefore , in a country that only pays attention to economic growth but neglects political reform , the effects of economic development will be questionable in the end .
[buabua] But today , this issue is just being put forward , and it will become clearer and more obvious in the future .
[buabua] Regarding this point , some problems can be explained by providing only one figure .
[buabua] During the period of more than 20 years since the reform and opening - up , the unreported income from property rental has been a huge number .
[buabua] In the 1990s , the economist Hu Heli et al. did the calculation and found that the discrepancies in prices , exchange currencies , and interests as well as other rentals amounted to 456.9 billion yuan in 1988 , accounting for 40 % of the GNP -LRB- 1,173.8 billion yuan -RRB- of that year .
[buabua] Recently , Gao Huiqing et al. of the State Information Center made the calculation and found that in 2004 the amount of rent from property rentals in the whole country reached 4.6 trillion yuan , accounting for 29 % of the GNP of that year , which was equivalent to 1.5 times the national fiscal revenue of that year , and 2.3 times the national salary income of that year .
[buabua] No matter how inaccurate these figures might be , they show a problem : there are a lot of unfair and unequal incomes in our country , and this has enabled a number of people to easily obtain a huge amount of wealth and has also given rise to corruption .
[buabua] Since our country is a backward developing country , those who get rich first are always likely to migrate to developed countries .
[buabua] This has taken away a lot of wealth from our country .
As a result , a regular phenomenon has occurred in our country : development and loss at the same time .
[buabua] This has been the difference between the development of our country and the development of Japan and South Korea : a huge wealth funnel exists in the development of our country , but such funnel is very small in Japan and South Korea .
[buabua] Of course whether my opinion is correct or not will be proved by time , but I must point it out for the citizens of our country , because this is my responsibility .
[buabua] Only after overcoming these problems can China achieve quicker and better development .
[buabua] All in all , achievements are the main trend , but problems should be pointed out and solved .
[buabua] IV. The economic growth will not slow down in a short period .
[buabua] When the year 2006 is coming to the end , people always make various predictions for the next year .
[buabua] At the end of each year , I always have to deal with a large number of questionnaires provided by various news media and research institutions .
[buabua] Speaking about the speed of economy , I believe that China 's economy will not slow down in a short period .
[buabua] In 2007 , China 's economy will continue with the momentum of 2006 with an economic growth rate of no less than 9 % .
[buabua] For China , opportunities and challenges will coexist in 2007 .
[buabua] From the perspective of the world economy , the economy tends to be less active in some countries , providing an opportunity as well as a challenge to China .
[buabua] The world development is unbalanced today , just like in the 1930s , when the capitalist countries in Europe and America were in the Great Depression , it was the time for great economic development of the Soviet Union .
[buabua] China should grasp the opportunity and lose no time carrying out development .
[buabua] When energy prices are too high , causing some countries to slow down their economic growth , it might be the great time for the development of China .
[buabua] But in the new year , the trend of economic structure adjustment in our country will arrive inevitably .
[buabua] For China 's economy , the largest challenge is to adjust the " strategy of earning foreign exchange " which was established at the beginning of reform and opening - up more than 20 years ago , correct the inordinate development mode of mercantilism , and lay emphasis on domestic development .
[buabua] Currently , what needs adjustment most is the export - oriented economy structure .
[buabua] Such structure has brought prosperity to China but also has produced negative effects on China 's economy .
[buabua] At present , the foreign exchange reserve of our country has reached over one trillion US dollars .
Such development mode is the typical mode of development based on foreign loans .
If such development strategy is adopted for a long term , a huge international risk will exist in the foreign exchange reserve ; on the other hand , the living standard of Chinese people can hardly be improved .
[buabua] Therefore , putting forth great efforts to correct the development mode of our country after 2007 has become an important issue for the future .
[buabua] The year 2007 should be a key year for China 's economic development .
[buabua] The high economic growth starting from 2003 is entering into the year 2007 , which will be a harvesting year for appraisal of achievements .
[buabua] In this year , a lot of projects that were initiated some years ago will be completed and put into operation , and many other projects are winding up .
So the year 2007 will be a connecting link between the preceding and the following years .
[buabua] China must ensure the stable economic development in 2007 in order to harvest the fruit of economic development .
[buabua] 2007 is also the year in which China 's economy will enter into a new stage .
[buabua] In the new year , new great goals will be implemented .
[buabua] Plans such as the long - expected 3G Plan may all be initiated in 2007 .
[buabua] Therefore , 2007 is a year for assurance .
Whether from the macroscopic and long - term perspective or from the short - term perspective of the 2008 Olympic Games , 2007 should be a year for assurance .
[buabua] At this moment , the Chinese government and enterprises should keep calm to deal with various changes appearing in international markets and grasp all kinds of favorable opportunities promptly and with no lessened efforts .
[buabua] The Chinese government and enterprises must realize that the campaign to turn around China 's economy has just started , and commanders at all levels must spare no effort in winning each local battle .
[buabua] Only with dedication and perseverance can we catch up with the advancing world .
Guo Kai 's Economics Notes : Six Cachets !
Guo Kai 's Economics Notes
I took the subway to meet someone at the railway station today and found a red header document posted everywhere inside the subway station .
A closer look told me it was the notice about public transportation price adjustment in Beijing .
I did n't care about the details because the news had been heard for a while .
What attracted me was the six red cachets below the notice , respectively Development and Reform Commission , Education Commission , Social Security Bureau , Financial Bureau , Traffic Commission and Transportation Administrative Bureau .
I know roughly the reason why the cachets of the former four organizations are required .
Development and Reform Commission is the organization in charge of prices .
Education Commission and Social Security Bureau correspond to the population on whom this policy may have relatively greater impact on .
Financial Bureau is the organization providing the fund .
I do n't know what kind of organizations Traffic Commission and Transportation Administrative Bureau are .
I even do n't know why these two organizations are not a single organization - Judging from the name , it seems that Transportation Administrative Bureau could be a division of Traffic Commission definitely .
However , now that the subway does have something to do with traffic and transportation , there is nothing strange with the appearance of the cachets of these two departments .
Then , what surprised me ?
When I saw these six cachets , my first reaction is that it is absolutely hopeless to rely on the government itself to control institutional thickening .
There must be a reason for a bloated government .
Look , I found out the reason for these six cachets with the slightest effort .
However , I am totally an outlier .
It is much easier for these governmental departments to find an excuse for their existence , is n't it ?
And their excuses are always affirmative , and always for the interests of the common people .
The existence of governmental departments is different from the existence of private institutions .
Private institutions spend their own money , and too much expansion will make them suffer loss .
What governmental departments spend is taxpayers ' money .
Regardless how much is spent , as long as the amount is not ridiculously large , they will never face the risk of loss and closing down
They themselves can find excuses for thickening without worrying about the problem of money .
What kind of excuses governmental institutions have will prevent thickening ?
I can hardly figure it out .
Of course , I do n't have any objections against this downward adjustment of public transportation prices , but those six cachets are really too striking .
Does Zhang Weiying 's misinterpretation of revolution harbor malicious intent ?
613305
-LSB- Lingtai Shanyin -RSB- .
In an interview with Professor Zhang Weiying that I read recently , when I read Professor Zhang 's understanding of revolution , I felt deeply worried - deeply worried for Beijing University , deeply worried for some outstanding contemporary youth , and deeply worried for the future of the country .
Some people oppose the whole class struggle thing , some people deny Mao Zedong Thought , but today , with democracy making progress , some people have the nerve to talk about revolution !!!
So as not to take his words out of context , I will insofar as possible cite Professor Zhang 's explanation of revolution :
" In reality , ' the way ' - or we can call it ' reason ' - has quite a complex relationship with the law .
What we call ' reason ' involves looking at what you do to see whether it creates value for society .
' Reason ' is above ' law ' : reasonable things have a natural validity ; lawmaking should be carried out according to the demands of reason ; unreasonable laws are not correct .
But in China , both in the past and now , there are many reversals of the natural order between law and reason ; thus making it hard to judge if a so - called " illegal " thing is also unreasonable .
For example , when there was a revolution in the past , it was precisely the most idealistic people who were willing to sacrifice their lives .
Why sacrifice their lives ?
Because it was illegal .
Or take bribery for example .
When someone is being blackmailed , he hands over the money , and that is a form of bribery .
But you ca n't say that his doing that is wrong : at least he deserves our empathy . "
1. In human history , there is a clear standard for good and evil , righteousness and iniquity , advances and reversals , glory and shame , progress and reaction , etc .
This standard is :
Things that are for the majority , for the masses of people , for altruism are good , righteous , progressive , glorious , advanced .
Things that are for the minority , against the people and self - serving are bad , unrighteous , shameful , reactionary .
Revolution is clearly a thing for the majority , for the masses of people , and altruistic ; therefore revolution is good , righteous , progressive , glorious and advanced !
2. Law has a clear class character ; bourgeois reason makes no sense for proletarian law .
And proletarian reason makes no sense for bourgeois law !
On major issues of principle , lawmaking starts with the protection of the interests of a particular class ; it is not that ' reason ' tops ' law ' : rational things have a natural validity ; so the making of laws should be carried out according to the requirements of reason , and irrational laws are wrong . "
This kind of so - called " reason " ignores the class nature of law , and in terms of the great theoretician Professor Zhang 's , this is a classic example of malicious intent .
What is Professor Zhang 's purpose in his misinterpretation of revolution and his ignoring the class nature of law ?
1. He misinterprets revolution in order to confuse good and evil , righteousness and iniquity , advances and reversals , glory and shame , progress and reaction , and to advance some unnamable theories .
2. He ignores the class nature of law in order to enact laws that harm the interests of the masses of workers and peasants .
Unfortunately , Professor Zhang may have greatly miscalculated .
What shoes to wear for badminton -LSB- ZT -RSB- .
Smash
Poster : Smash -LRB- Simaxie~Ball killer -RRB- , Section : Badminton .
Topic : What shoes to wear for badminton -LSB- ZT -RSB- .
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Thu Jan 11 15:37:50 2007 -RRB- .
Select and buy according to the following : .
Internal support characteristics .
Multidirectional movement during aerobic exercise requires extremely solid shoes .
Each manufacturer provides different internal support characteristics .
Some manufacturers use a molded midsole , so that the foot can land just right inside the shoe ; fibers going all around the shoes can also provide support .
In order to increase shoe flexibility , some manufacturers add a fiberboard padding only at the heel .
External support .
A firm , resistant heel support can greatly reduce heel displacement .
The wider part of the outsole is called the heel fixed strip .
It is made of plastic and spreads all the way around the foot , attached to the heel support .
Many shoes now use a fixed frame ; the fixed frame is a polymer part that is used as support and is distributed longitudinally around the outside of the shoe .
Other stability characteristics include a plastic support strip -LRB- generally connected to the eyelets -RRB- , Velcro hook , middle uppers can also provide side support characteristics .
Shock absorption .
Repeated impacts during aerobic exercise produces unique pressures that generally correspond to five times your body weight .
Therefore good shock - absorbing performance is essential .
The midsole helps to disperse these impacts .
A good midsole is made from extruded EVA or polyurethane .
The various manufacturers have come up with various technologies to further increase the midsole 's shock absorption .
If you are someone with insufficient downward tilting , or engage in intense exercise , you may require greater shock absorption than people with excess downward tilting .
Replaceable insoles .
The insole also has a certain shock - absorbing function , but at the same time it is the easiest to ruin .
As for replacing the insole when the shoe is halfway through its life , there is a basic principle involved ; after 150 hours of aerobic exercise , the insole may lose its bounce , and this is when it should be replaced .
-LRB- This varies according to the person and the type of training . -RRB-
Elasticity .
A shoe 's elasticity is determined by how you feel when your feet move .
Shoes with just a fiberboard pad at the heel have better flexibility than athletic shoes using a complete fiberboard design .
Athletic shoes with low uppers can also improve flexibility .
Fit .
Your feet may swell when they are under pressure and engaging in aerobic exercise .
The heat produced by intense exercise may cause the feet to swell by half a size .
At the same time , when you buy shoes they should not be too tight ; there should be a space as wide as a thumbnail between the tip of the shoe and your longest toe to ensure that your toes can move freely , and it should fit properly at the heel .
In addition , you should regularly measure the length of your feet , because increasing age and injuries can change the size of your feet .
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 70.62. -RSB- .
Smash
Poster : Smash -LRB- Simaxie~Ball killer -RRB- , Section : Badminton
Topic : Re : What shoes to wear for badminton -LSB- ZT -RSB- .
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Thu Jan 11 15:40:06 2007 -RRB- .
" In addition , you should regularly measure the length of your feet , because increasing age and injuries can change the size of your feet . "
That 's too much !
Will the feet turn into three - inch " Golden Lotuses " from one day to the next !
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 70.62. -RSB- .
yinduasan
Poster : yinduasan -LRB- Mutouasan -RRB- , Section : Badminton .
Topic : Re : What shoes to wear for badminton -LSB- ZT -RSB- .
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Mon Jan 15 05:15:41 2007 -RRB- .
After 150 hours of aerobic exercise , insoles may lose their elasticity , that is when they should be replaced .
This is too dogmatic !
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 144.32. -RSB- .
Smash
Poster : Smash -LRB- Simaxie~Ball killer -RRB- , Section : Badminton .
Topic : Re : What shoes to wear for badminton -LSB- ZT -RSB- .
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Mon Jan 15 09:00:15 2007 -RRB- .
I reckon this refers to domestically produced shoes .
But after you add an insole , the impact on the knee joints is much less .
The kind of heel insoles on the Wal - Mart pharmacy shelves are OK .
 in yinduasan -LRB- Mutouasan -RRB- 's article : .
After 150 hours of aerobic exercise , insoles may lose their elasticity , that is when they should be replaced .
This is too dogmatic !
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station http://mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 70.62. -RSB- .
A Skin Care Nut - Whitening .
Beauty lover
In terms of whitening , I prefer the essence in the NeoTime gift set .
The bottle of essence itself is merely a kind of moisturizing lotion , but it comes with a complimentary bottle of L - Ascorbic acid dry powder .
My way is to take a small bottle of 25 ml to pour the essence in , add a little L - Ascorbic acid dry powder , and shake well .
The homemade whitening lotion like this will be consumed in about a week , and the same method is used to make more .
I have read relevant information that L - Ascorbic acid oxidizes easily after it dissolves in the water .
It will lose the whitening effect once oxidized .
So , make - and - consume can ensure what I use are the unoxidized whitening contents , which are pretty effective .
What 's more , this is a very cheap way of use .
NeoTime sells for over 300 a set , including day cream , night cream and essence , of which a bottle of essence lasts for two to three months if used my way .
It is a bit more affordable than the Vitamin C whitening products that cost several hundred .
Actually , I have used SKII products .
If I 'm not financially constrained , I like to use SKII goddess fluid .
The skin was in a good state after use .
However , I heard recently that some contents in SKII do harm to the skin over time , and so I dare not use any more after a second thought .
Anyway , my skin now is very good without using it .
I do n't like wearing makeup , facing the sky everyday with bare skin .
This is because my former boyfriend said he liked me because I did n't wear makeup .
Upon hearing this , I suddenly realized it turned out no men liked their girlfriend wearing makeup .
Therefore , I practically do n't buy any makeups and never use blush or eyeshadow , apart from buying some lightening makeup base for use as sun screen .
I do n't know if everyone agrees with this .
Anyway , I feel very easy on the face without makeup , no need to be careful everywhere .
I feel uncomfortable with lip color , which makes me careful even if I 'm just drinking water .
Click for more detailed information : www.120zy.com .
[] Also Speaking a Word for the Main Theme of the State Administration of Radio Film and Television .
[wmkj2006] Recently , at the annual meeting of the Capital TV Program Production Association , a person in charge from the State Administration of Radio Film and Television put forward requirements for this year 's TV drama market : " The quantity of TV dramas produced should be controlled , with the slogan of the year of quality for TV dramas being proposed .
There will be certain requirements on prime time programs on satellite channels across the country , which is programs at various places should primarily revolve around the main theme . "
[wmkj2006] Once the news is released , it aroused a debate on the Internet .
[wmkj2006] The focuses of the debate are : the requirement of the State Administration of Radio Film and Television that various places should broadcast TV dramas revolving around the main theme is a restriction on the freedom of radio and television , as well as interference with public entertainment orientation using the administrative power ; what on earth are the subjects that belong to the main theme , and what the main theme should represent .
[wmkj2006] Currently , the programs of many TV channels are increasingly vulgar , and there are poor taste entertainment programs , such as variety shows and competition shows , that come one after another like following the trend ; [wmkj2006] the screen is saturated with pornography , violence and murders in TV dramas ; Kong Fu dramas are recast one after another , [wmkj2006] dramas about feudal royal families and anecdotes are absurd and far - fetched , [wmkj2006] and Hong Kong and Taiwanese romantic dramas are characterized by weeping and arguing .
[wmkj2006] Can the voluminous broadcast of such TV dramas on TV channels bring pleasant visual enjoyment and spiritual nurture to viewers ?
[wmkj2006] The result could only be huge waste of human and financial resources , as well as destruction of environmental resources .
[wmkj2006] Looking back on some excellent TV dramas shown in recent years , for example : military TV dramas including Long March , the Eight Route Army and Drawing Sword , and modern - theme TV dramas that reflect rural reform , kinship and friendship including Hometown , My Family Tree and Mother , are much popular among viewers .
[wmkj2006] Now , at the mentioning of the main theme , people tend to equalize only those about revolutions and history to the main theme .
As a matter of fact , the main theme is reflected in different aspects of society .
[wmkj2006] For example : those that reflect the socialist ideological and ethical progress and the democratic and legal progress ; those that encourage and motivate people to work hard and innovate for the national prosperity , people 's happiness and social advancement ; those that help people to tell right from wrong , insisting on anything true , kind and beautiful and resisting anything fake , evil and ugly ; and those that depict national unification , ethnic solidarity , pleasant people , and stable society and politics etc. are what the main theme represents .
[wmkj2006] It does not follow that the main theme would be eulogizing a specific political party or group .
It is fundamentally decided by people 's value orientation , where main theme is what people welcome and people like .
[wmkj2006] I believe the regulation released by the State Administration of Radio Film and Television is appropriate and at the right time , in that it will help to prevent the degradation of the current TV programs , advocate good social atmosphere and right values among people , and establish a correct direction of public opinion .
[] <POSTER> goodegg
[goodegg] Poster : goodegg -LRB- Which came first , the eggs or the chicks ? That is a question -RRB- , Area : ChinaNews .
[goodegg] go away .
[goodegg] -LSB- In the master piece of wmkj2006 -LRB- Sahara -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RSB-
[] <POSTER> bingladen
[bingladen] Poster : bingladen -LRB- sssssr -RRB- , Area : ChinaNews .
[bingladen] Title : Re : Also Speaking a Word for the Main Theme of the State Administration of Radio Film and Television .
[bingladen] suck more d*ck .
[bingladen] -LSB- In the master piece of wmkj2006 -LRB- Sahara -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RSB-
[bingladen] : Recently , at the annual meeting of the Capital TV Program Production Association , a person in charge from the State Administration of Radio Film and Television put forward requirements for this year 's TV drama market : [bingladen] : , The quantity of TV dramas produced should be controlled , with the slogan of the year of quality for TV dramas being proposed .
There will be certain requirements on prime time programs on satellite channels across the country , [bingladen] : which is programs at various places should primarily revolve around the main theme . "
Once the news is released , it aroused [bingladen] : a debate on the Internet .
The focuses of the debate are : the requirement of the State Administration of Radio Film and Television that various places should broadcast [bingladen] : TV dramas revolving around the main theme is a restriction on the freedom of radio and television , as well as interference with public entertainment orientation using the administrative power ; what on earth are the subjects [bingladen] : that belong to the main theme , and what the main theme should represent .
[bingladen] : Currently , the programs of many TV channels are increasingly vulgar , and there are poor taste entertainment programs , such as variety shows and competition [bingladen] : shows , that come one after another like following the trend ; the screen is saturated with pornography , violence and murders in TV dramas ; Kong Fu dramas are recast one after [bingladen] : another , dramas about feudal royal families and anecdotes are absurd and far - fetched , and Hong Kong and Taiwanese romantic dramas are characterized by weeping and arguing .
Can the voluminous broadcast of such TV dramas on TV channels [bingladen] : bring pleasant visual enjoyment and spiritual nurture to viewers ?
The result could only be huge waste of human and financial resources , as well as [bingladen] : ...................
[] <POSTER> seahome
[seahome] Poster : seahome -LRB- going for Buddhist scriptures -RRB- , Area : ChinaNews .
[seahome] Title : Re : Also Speaking a Word for the Main Theme of the State Administration of Radio Film and Television .
[seahome] Very good comments .
[seahome] Look at those so - called blockbuster movies these years , such as The Promise , Curse of ... and The Banquet , plus the TV dramas like a pile of rubbish .
[seahome] Look at the response among people of the two - million yuan Crazy Stone , as well as the Silent Witness that boasts no famous director or cast .
The art should originally come from the reality .
[seahome] I support the view of the State Administration of Radio Film and Television .
Let those big - shot directors rest aside and my strong support for those TV dramas close to reality and life , good ones like the Silent Witness and Vertical Strike .
[seahome] -LSB- In the master piece of wmkj2006 -LRB- Sahara -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RSB-
[seahome] : Recently , at the annual meeting of the Capital TV Program Production Association , a person in charge from the State Administration of Radio Film and Television put forward requirements for this year 's TV drama market : [seahome] : , The quantity of TV dramas produced should be controlled , with the slogan of the year of quality for TV dramas being proposed .
There will be certain requirements on prime time programs on satellite channels across the country , [seahome] : which is programs at various places should primarily revolve around the main theme . "
Once the news is released , it aroused [seahome] : a debate on the Internet .
The focuses of the debate are : the requirement of the State Administration of Radio Film and Television that various places should broadcast [seahome] : TV dramas revolving around the main theme is a restriction on the freedom of radio and television , as well as interference with public entertainment orientation using the administrative power ; what on earth are the subjects [seahome] : that belong to the main theme , and what the main theme should represent .
[seahome] : Currently , the programs of many TV channels are increasingly vulgar , and there are poor taste entertainment programs , such as variety shows and competition [seahome] : shows , that come one after another like following the trend ; the screen is saturated with pornography , violence and murders in TV dramas ; Kong Fu dramas are recast one after [seahome] : another , dramas about feudal royal families and anecdotes are absurd and far - fetched , and Hong Kong and Taiwanese romantic dramas are characterized by weeping and arguing .
Can the voluminous broadcast of such TV dramas on TV channels [seahome] : bring pleasant visual enjoyment and spiritual nurture to viewers ?
The result could only be huge waste of human and financial resources , as well as [seahome] : ...................
[] <POSTER> catalase
[catalase] Poster : catalase , Area : ChinaNews
[catalase] Title : Re : Also speaking a word for the main theme of the State Administration of Radio Film and Television
[catalase] Originating site : BBS Unknown Space -LRB- Tue Jan 23 234027 2007 -RRB-
[catalase] Welcome to the site to publicize the main theme
[catalase] -LSB- In the master piece of wmkj2006 -LRB- Sahara -RRB- , it is mentioned : -RSB-
[catalase] : Recently , at the annual meeting of the Capital TV Program Production Association , a person in charge from the State Administration of Radio Film and Television put forward requirements for this year 's TV drama market : [catalase] : , The quantity of TV dramas produced should be controlled , with the slogan of the year of quality for TV dramas being proposed .
There will be certain requirements on prime time programs on satellite channels across the country , [catalase] : which is programs at various places should primarily revolve around the main theme . "
Once the news is released , it aroused [catalase] : a debate on the Internet .
The focuses of the debate are : the requirement of the State Administration of Radio Film and Television that various places should broadcast [catalase] : TV dramas revolving around the main theme is a restriction on the freedom of radio and television , as well as interference with public entertainment orientation using the administrative power ; what on earth are the subjects [catalase] : that belong to the main theme , and what the main theme should represent .
[catalase] : Currently , the programs of many TV channels are increasingly vulgar , and there are poor taste entertainment programs , such as variety shows and competition [catalase] : shows , that come one after another like following the trend ; the screen is saturated with pornography , violence and murders in TV dramas ; Kong Fu dramas are recast one after [catalase] : another , dramas about feudal royal families and anecdotes are absurd and far - fetched , and Hong Kong and Taiwanese romantic dramas are characterized by weeping and arguing .
Can the voluminous broadcast of such TV dramas on TV channels [catalase] : bring pleasant visual enjoyment and spiritual nurture to viewers ?
The result could only be huge waste of human and financial resources , as well as [catalase] : ...................
[] How Come My Hubby has n't been Able to Find a Job in My Place , What can I Do ?
[] <POSTER> Dreamer
[Dreamer] My hubby and I live in two places .
I am -- the company I work for now is applying green cards for both of us .
He works in a very stingy company , so , [Dreamer] I hope my hubby can find a job in the city where I am .
My hubby is somewhat like a kid , thoughtless , and fond of playing , [Dreamer] and does not like to study .
He has been looking for a job for more than half a year .
He got one onsite and five phone interviews but he blew up every one of them .
[Dreamer] Hubby also said he was trying hard , but more than half a year has gone by , and there are still grammatical errors in his cover letter , several [Dreamer] times , the emails he forwarded to me also contained grammatical errors and were not relevant to the topics , etc .
I told him that while looking for jobs , many people [Dreamer] were putting forth a lot of efforts , but he never searched data on the Internet or found out how other people were looking for jobs .
Once [Dreamer] I went to see him and he happened to be on a phone interview .
He did not even find out in advance what that company does .
[Dreamer] When he was asked whether he had any questions , he asked them , what does your company do ?
They had to explain it to him .
[Dreamer] He asked them : Does n't it sound like it 's illegal !
[Dreamer] I asked hubby whether he wants to change his job at all to be with me .
Hubby says , yes , ah , and I 've been working hard on it .
In addition , [Dreamer] he likes kids very much and really hopes that I can get pregnant in the second half of this year .
I said if you want me to be pregnant , you 've got to be here with me .
[Dreamer] He says , I am working on it , ah .
[Dreamer] I do n't know what to say .
To force him , I think he is also quite pitiable .
Not to force him , I think the mistakes he made [Dreamer] were all too simple , purely because of his carelessness ; besides , he is n't a top expert technology - wise .
I really do n't know when [Dreamer] we can be together .
Both sides are lonely ; both paying the rent and large cell phone bills .
I could n't think of any life more depressing than this !
[] <POSTER> Dreamer
[Dreamer] divorce
[Dreamer] -LSB- In the contribution by Dreamer -LRB- Do n't ask me where I came from -RRB- , it was mentioned : -RSB-
: [Dreamer] :
[Dreamer] : My hubby and I live in two places .
I am -- the company I work for now is applying green cards for both of us .
He works in a very stingy company , so , [Dreamer] : I hope my hubby can find a job in the city where I am .
My hubby is somewhat like a kid , thoughtless , and fond of playing , [Dreamer] : and does not like to study .
He has been looking for a job for more than half a year .
He got one onsite and five phone interviews but he blew up every one of them .
[Dreamer] : Hubby also said he was trying hard , but more than half a year has gone by , and there are still grammatical errors in his cover letter , several [Dreamer] : times , the emails he forwarded to me also contained grammatical errors and were not relevant to the topics , etc .
I told him that while looking for jobs , many people [Dreamer] : were putting forth a lot of efforts , but he never searched data on the Internet or found out how other people were looking for jobs .
Once [Dreamer] : I went to see him and he happened to be on a phone interview .
He did not even find out in advance what that company does .
[Dreamer] : When he was asked whether he had any questions , he asked them , what does your company do ?
They had to explain it to him .
[Dreamer] : He asked them : Does n't it sound like it 's illegal !
[Dreamer] : I asked hubby whether he wants to change his job at all to be with me .
Hubby says , yes , ah , and I 've been working hard on it .
In addition , [Dreamer] : he likes kids very much and really hopes that I can get pregnant in the second half of this year .
I said if you want me to be pregnant , you 've got to be here with me .
[Dreamer] : He says , I am working on it , ah .
: [Dreamer] :
[Dreamer] : I do n't know what to say .
To force him , I think he is also quite pitiable .
Not to force him , I think the mistakes he made [Dreamer] : were all too simple , purely because of his carelessness ; besides , he is n't a top expert technology - wise .
I really do n't know when [Dreamer] : we can be together .
Both sides are lonely ; both paying the rent and large cell phone bills .
I could n't think of any life more depressing than this !
[] <POSTER> Dreamer
[Dreamer] Give him a shock by pretending you are having an affair .
If that still does n't work , do it for real and get out for fun .
[Dreamer] -LSB- In the contribution by Dreamer -LRB- Do n't ask me where I came from -RRB- , it was mentioned : -RSB-
[Dreamer] : My hubby and I live in two places .
I am -- the company I work for now is applying green cards for both of us .
He works in a very stingy company , so , [Dreamer] : I hope my hubby can find a job in the city where I am .
My hubby is somewhat like a kid , thoughtless , and fond of playing , [Dreamer] : and does not like to study .
He has been looking for a job for more than half a year .
He got one onsite and five phone interviews but he blew up every one of them .
[Dreamer] : Hubby also said he was trying hard , but more than half a year has gone by , and there are still grammatical errors in his cover letter , several [Dreamer] : times , the emails he forwarded to me also contained grammatical errors and were not relevant to the topics , etc .
I told him that while looking for jobs , many people [Dreamer] : were putting forth a lot of efforts , but he never searched data on the Internet or found out how other people were looking for jobs .
Once [Dreamer] : I went to see him and he happened to be on a phone interview .
He did not even find out in advance what that company does .
[Dreamer] : When he was asked whether he had any questions , he asked them , what does your company do ?
They had to explain it to him .
[Dreamer] : He asked them : Does n't it sound like it 's illegal !
Freezing the moments : Days When We are Busy Gathering .
Freezing the moments
Seeing the Year of the Dog going by one day after another and the Spring Festival approaching , we are busy greeting the advent of the " golden pig " and busy gathering with colleagues , friends and schoolmates .
We two have had no time virtually to have a quiet dinner at home ever since last week .
It was often deep night when we were back home !
Tutu went to a regular monthly gathering at the club again today .
I learned from his call that many people were there this time and even some of Hali 's friends went .
Brother Jia will go back to Germany on Friday .
They say we should be really high , and it seems god knows when we will be back home !
I can not be idle either and directly went to the department store to enjoy myself !
LYSH will be off on his/her home leave from tomorrow and wo n't be back until after the Spring Festival .
He/She can rest for more than a month altogether .
How envious I am !
I would laugh to death if I could have such long vacation each year !
No Soap in the Morning .
Michael Zhou
Every morning when we wash face for Yaya -LRB- especially when kid 's mother does that -RRB- , Yaya would remind us not to use any face wash .
The little one has always remembered what I once said about a TV program , which documented people going to Tibet .
They would n't wash their faces in the morning in order to retain the grease that coped with the strong sunlight and ultraviolet radiation and would only wash off the dusts with soap at night .
Thoughts on Ethnic Conflict and the Policy of Consideration for Minorities
winneragain
Poster : winneragain -LRB- Eternal Gratitude -RRB- , Section : ChinaNews .
Topic : Thoughts on Ethnic Conflict and the Policy of Consideration for Minorities
Posting station : BBS Unnamed space station -LRB- Mon Jan 29 14:57:49 2007 -RRB- , at the station .
This article was originally written in response to a Muslim Club question ; if its tone is excessive in spots , please excuse .
What you said is right : many of these are individual clashes .
It is very difficult for one person 's ethnic or religious status to shape a person 's behavior .
If one individual in an ethnic group or religion does something bad , you can only say that that person 's character has an essentially evil side to it .
If he does good , then certainly a large part of his character is good .
If we reverse this logic , no religion or ethnic group in the world is without blame .
The Han have a longer history than the Hui and a greater population ; who knows how many clashes there have been historically with the peripheral minorities ?
So can we say that the Han are such and such ?
With regard to certain clashes involving local ethnic groups or territories , it does n't say anything about whether that ethnic group is bad or good ; rather it 's a tragedy brought on by a sort of " security crisis " and " misinterpreted information . "
Most of all , it 's basically a matter of the political system and of trust .
Regardless of whether it 's the Han or the Hui , when friction first crops up , their lack of faith in the government and law -LRB- this is a characteristic of many autarchies -RRB- makes people believe that the government can not fairly and effectively handle the situation .
This gives both sides the illusion they 're in a state of anarchy .
More often than not they resort to using the strength of their own villages or ethnic group to protect their security .
This " civic conflict " gets turned into an " ethnic conflict . "
And when one side mobilizes its own village to respond to the security threat -LRB- not just physical safety but also moral safety - protecting their own way of life -RRB- that they see as coming from another village , the other side obviously will not stand idly by but will also mobilize and prepare .
In this way the impressions of the first group will be validated , and so on , with both sides falling into the vicious cycle of " security crisis " just as when a war breaks out in international politics ; the clash is unavoidable .
Add to this the fact that both sides include some people who , because they have been regularly bullied , or the village headman or sheikh wants to use this as an opportunity to gain some political advantage and increase his own influence , seizing the chance to fan the flames and inciting people to fight .
Some governments -LRB- the Manchu Qing -RRB- even adopted a policy of " using the barbarians to control the barbarians , " stirring up conflict , using the Hui to control the Han and the Han to control the Hui .
There are some people who make an uproar over Hui - Han clashes who take a one - sided view ; they see only the clash , but they overlook how many times these types of clashes have been settled , how many times there has been cooperation between the two groups .
Some people claim to be involved in academic research , then the first thing that should be done is to list all the interactions between the two groups in history and in the present : clashes , peaceful coexistence , cooperation .
In this way you get at least three variables , and only then can you analyze the causal relationship .
Some people 's resulting variables do not change , or there is only one value : clashes .
What kind of " scientific research " result can people like this achieve ?
Changes in variables should also be considered in terms of consideration .
You look at the many policies of minority consideration , but you should also look at how , in a majority - Han society , in a society that stresses uniformity and looks down on individuality , there are just as many mechanisms and opportunities for discrimination against minorities , if not more .
Did you know that in interviews some people are rejected just because they have a northwest accent ?
Do you know how distressed Muslims are in a unit or company where there is no halal canteen ?
Have you ever heard a Mongol father cry because his son has to start studying Chinese in first grade ?
Do you understand how development of the West has plundered so many resources and left the local minorities just as needy as they ever were ?
This lack of consideration is most often not obvious , but it is everywhere .
Of course these forms of discrimination very seldom come from the whole " Han race " as an abstract ; most often they come from the system - a form of ethnic rule that combines centralized authority + representatives of local minorities .
It can not be denied ; minorities have many faults as well .
However , the vast majority of the people at the lower levels of society are blameless , just as the vast majority of our Han compatriots at the lower levels of society are blameless .
Those who should be blamed are the cadres in the upper echelons of the Party , the so - called ethnic cadres and the influential capitalists in league with them .
In the past when the local tyrants and despots among the minorities were overthrown , the masses of minorities and the Han were equally happy .
But today they find that the cadres and capitalists from those years are now standing together , and the Han people of the same class from those years are beginning to suppress them .
Of course some people say that the Communist Party and most Han cadres have made many contributions to the construction of border and minority areas , and have sacrificed so much .
Right , the minorities should be grateful and remember the contributions of the Han cadres , and this proves that any two ethnic groups can live peacefully together .
However , it can also be said that the Party and the country have a duty to provide basic infrastructure and improve economic development ,
because since you govern this land , and you collect taxes , do you really want to wipe your ass and leave ?
More importantly , the so - called " preferential policy " can only be given by a powerful ethnic group or force .
This should be common knowledge - the people who can give are always higher - ups .
And the weaker ethnic groups can only accept it passively .
But let 's not mention on what basis the Communist Party divided 55 ethnic groups into " minorities " !!??
The essence of our Party 's ethnic preferential policies is to permanently institute this strong - weak relationship between the Han race and its fraternal ethnic groups -LRB- the relationship between the center and the fringe , the governing and the governed .
Let the Han race -LRB- mainly meaning the inner bureaucracy -RRB- act like the emperor , doling out to the " minority " here and there .
And the " minorities " can only feel deeply grateful , how will they dare discuss equality !!
People who are given consideration are in mainstream eyes the weak ; as time goes by , the " minorities " who are given consideration also get accustomed to this arrangement and believe that they are the weak ones and should be dominated , as if they were inferior !!!!
Do n't you see it ,
but whenever there is some event like National Day or May First , all the ethnic groups get together in Tiananmen Square , and people dress as " minorities , " wear their costumes , their traditional folk dress , even if they have never worn such outfits in their daily lives .
While the Han leaders and representatives are wearing Western suits and leather shoes .
What does this explain ?
It perfectly reflects this strong - weak relationship : the Han are contemporary , and the minorities are backward , stuck in the past and abnormal !!!!
This is the price to pay for being considered !!!
What need is even there to talk of abuse !!??
All ethnic groups have been enslaved .
What else is there ?
The result of receiving consideration is the degeneration of these ethnic groups , with no hope of progress .
Do n't we really know where those people got their sour grapes ?
--
* Source :  BBS Unnamed space station mitbbs.com  -LSB- FROM : 67.177. -RSB- .
She started out three years ago directly under the minister ; but by the end , the department 's website showed her hived off to the side .
If China , India , Russia , et all can hobble our economic engine -LRB- today 's report , GDP grew 4.9 % -RRB- , they 'll be relatively better off - I do n't think absoulutely better off , but they wo n't be so far behind at least .
wrote : Sony has applied for a patent to hitch its DualShock or SIXAXIS controllers to the PSP as a sort of dock , allowing for wired or even wireless control of the PSP .
Actually , it 's a demand that you manage somehow to hitch your exegesis to the text , at least in some minor way .
Being forced to repay $ 100,000 , $ 200,000 or more could hobble the city 's economic development programs in the near future .
To make it easier to hoist the sail between the lazyjacks you have to hang the lazyjacks about one foot from the mast to the spreaders and then point the boat straight into the wind when hoistin the sail .
As luck would have it , Ira 's parents happened to be driving to Golden the next day , so I hitched a ride with them .
It 's amazing that certain people would go out of their way to hobble that ability in their own minds for political reasons .
I was lucky in that I managed to remain vertical and was able to hobble the rest of the way to the curb quickly
Have you ever tried to hoist a dog into a back seat ?
Perhaps I could meet someone in that area and hitch a ride the rest of the way to NEMBA fest ?
I can tell because he told me he was from Atlanta , and was trying to hitch a ride to a train station .
A foolish consistency hobbles goblins , so & quot ; spee-sees & quot ; but & quot ; speh-shuhl & quot ; , even though they are cousins .
If you hoisted it 30 feet in the air , the horizon would be about 8 miles away , and less likely to be obstructed -LRB- except at the far end -RRB- .
However , I 'm not sure I can hoist him long enough to get him out of the house , and get him into the SUV .
The reason the connection got so much attention was that the administration wanted to hitch the Iraq expedition to the war on terror and the threat the American public feared most , thereby capitalizing on the country 's militant post-911 mood .
As his home was near where we were going , he hitched a ride with us .
Nitin , if I want to hitch a ride with you will sms you -LRB- if there is place in the car -RRB- .
He had slung the rope over a branch at an early age , poor man , and then hoisted himself all the way up to the Supreme Court .
Hermione hitched it up out of sight .
Note that & quot ; donkey & quot ; is a poker term , to echo & quot ; tells & quot ; : -RRB- I do n't even think a donkey would hitch with AJT843 in dummy .
Leaving his rifle with the other Bandits , Spickler again moved into position near Carley , he dashed towards him , dropping to a low craw when the NVA fired on him and then rolling near Carley , he was able to hoist Carley on his back and quickly dragged him towards the side of the trail .
Yes , I understand the points you make , but to finish your inquiry , I hitched my wagon to that quote , it was the only counter point for Ric 's & quot ; Heh heh & quot ; that was available .
Advised to leave the country by any means possible , she spent a night in the Beijing Toronto hotel - where , the next morning , bullet holes were found in the building 's walls - and managed to hitch a lift to the airport in the US embassy bus .
I would love to hitch a ride from the hotel to PreParty Wednesay -LRB- today -RRB- .
I then came out to Hinson and hobbled through a 50K and vowed to make Hinson a main event during my '07 calendar .
Fortunately , it was only the brand new Sta-SetX spinnaker halyard , which had the side which hoists the sail brought around -LRB- and then under -RRB- the furler , and then thrown around the spreader , rather than having both the hoist and pull ends of it on one side of the genoa .
Me , I 'll just hitch a ride with my E.T .
Third , it is n't corporations you 're trying to hobble ; it 's business , period .
He hobbles back into the examining room .
It took three firefighters to hoist the flamingo 's crate up and out of the turnstile , he said .
Miraculously , he managed to reach his friend , hoisted him onto his shoulder and brought him back to their company 's trench .
Jarno Trulli barges Heikki Kovalainen into a spin at the hairpin : the Finn pits for repairs at the end of the lap , Trulli hobbles in to retire .
Bin Laden 's support , which took the form of money and weapons , continued when the Armed Islamic Group hived off from FIS because of internal differences .
Chittagong , Cox 's Bazar , Noakhali , Feni , Laxmipur , Chandpur and their offshore islands were asked to hoist great danger signal-9 .
I had been wondering that if any one was headed up that way , if I could hitch a ride .
If I need 1000 cubic feet of payload space , I 'll hitch up my Featherlight .
Pressing his arms into the carpet , he hoists up his head , neck , and trunk in a mini-push-up .
She was heading to one such surf spot in the same direction I was going , so I hitched a ride with her and got back on the road .
I asked a friend where the ' subway ' was a few years back , and his answer was clear : go out the door , turn right , hitch a ride for 5,000 kilometres east until you get to Toronto , then buy a ticket at Kennedy Station That 's when I understood that the only way out of the party was to call a taxi .
I had no money and even as I hitched my way to the ferry terminal on the other side of Scotland I was convinced she would tell me to come back .
And he hobbled out of the Saloon , watched by the pitying eyes of the two children .
The Opposition is so fractured that it is still trying to hobble into the stall .
He was smart enough to reject the mormonism they tried to hoist on him , and at least he received an education , which was harder for natives to find at the time on the rez .
Two of their sons hitched rides farther north to Sidon ; the rest of the family has n't heard from them .
It is a dangerous abuse if a government hoists the flag of national security and deploys the Official Secrets Act when all it is really trying to do is protect itself from embarrassment .
Well , that straw man has taken about a dozen bullets to the chest already and the votes in January to hoist him up to by the neck will be 100-0 and 40-0 .
You do n't have to follow them , but unless you have them , you hive chaos .
When the boy insisted , though , the man hobbled to the cemetery .
This is not quite as crass as the behaviour of the late Robert Maxwell , who put his arm around the Queen , but Maxwell was not trying to hitch his daughter to the second in line the throne .
They 're offered just so that you can hoist yourself up by your own petard -LRB- which is a good definition of delusion , is n't it ? -RRB- .apparently ,
As he hobbled about the yard , he said & quot ; I am going to keep young just as long as I can & quot ; The day he died , I went to see him again .
It seems that the old Republican party has been there all along , but it just hitched its caboose to the heady Reagan conservatism that was pulling the party .
Skype wo n't be SIP-compliant because it would hobble up their excellent service too much .
I hope you 're able to hobble over for a day , and then run around all of it next year !
So I went to the road that ran alongside the highway , but was told by yet another cop that I could n't hitch in town limits .
I 'd wait for the WiMax model , but given their awful history of turning off features that come with every smartphone , Sellular companies can not be trusted to not hobble up the WiMax version of the N800 coming out in 2008 .
He hobbled after the guy as fast as he could but fortunantly was unable to catch him .
Grateful for the silence , Jayne gave her some water , hoisted her up on his shoulder , and started back to the town .
& quot ; Hoist him up and let 's have a look at him .
After the match , just for fun , AJ hoisted Bradley on his shoulders and hit the F5 .
last year hived off the textiles divison.The company has given a return of 55 % in past week .
Biju Patnaik tried to hoist Kalinga but did not succeed .
At the time , we were sitting in our golf carts waiting for victims -- I mean passengers -- to come along and hitch a ride .
I had been using this truck as a hand-hold to hoist myself out of the bosuns chair onto the yard .
And let 's not get started on recent experiences with BC Ferries , which was't really privatised but hived off into a corporation that 's not responsible to either government or shareholders .
Sony has applied for a patent to hitch its DualShock or SIXAXIS controllers to the PSP as a sort of dock , allowing for wired or even wireless control of the PSP .
The star of 1980 's & quot ; Caddyshack & quot ; said he was in Stockholm last month to play in a pro-am golf tournament , and hitched a ride to a post-event party in a golf cart .
He came to a halt at Badger 's empty desk and hitched his hip over the side , leaning there with an air of command .
I could hobble to the elevator and that was good enough for me .
Let me rephrase that , the computer models on which the Warmies base all of their alarmism , and for which they want us to hobble our economy forever , did one of those predict the past 10 years of reality ?
Used to hitch rides on the back end of the trolley car that ran in front of our house , drop off a few blocks away and wait for a trolley going in the opposite direction for a free ride home .
Then they hoisted the foresail to the wind and made for the beach .
Does equally well as it is on the west side of our home and there are no trees next door to shade it .
He shamed his uniform and the Corps .
One hundred years ago , the men in this country did not believe that the four of you who are female were capable of holding office , and in fact you were not allowed to vote. You proved they were right , as they shamed you into terminating Steve Stanton for his right to be himself .
The Prowler hit the ship and its impact sheared off the top of the aircraft .
I see no reason why , in fact , although HvK did get around to some Mahler at the end , after everyone else had done it and almost shamed him into it .
They shamed our constitutional system .
The T84 tranny , which is notoriously weak , piled up , and jammed so suddenly that the momentum of the vehicle sheared off the front U-joint. & quot ;
Shame the UK ca n't keep up : - -LRB- On 26907 02:17 , Rob wrote : I live on the coast so the handset might have been picking up a French signal ?
I 've begun to wonder if the zoos shear the alpacas and llamas in the late spring .
The documentaries shamed the region 's most prominent doctors .
, i 've spoken to a dealer who suggested waiting until the car cools down a little , or trying to shade the windscreen area and try it again as the sunlight might be affecting it in some way , i 'll try that later on .
Shame the HDi has been around since '98 - a '99 Synergie could be either 1.9TD or 2.0HDi .
An excellent wife is the crown of her husband , But she who shames him is as rottenness in his bones -LRB- 12:4 -RRB- .
sheared the dowel pin on the camshaft .
wrote : Lots of herbivores will eat tubers , but the tubers evolved so that the top shears off .
Our Rabbis teach us that committing a crime in the name of God shames the Jewish people , dishonors the Torah , and desecrates the Name of God .
We shamed our history , our culture , our very humanity .
In this poem , it is the speaker who shames the addressee , not the other way round ?
There was at least one case where The Sun named and shamed people that had done absoluelty nothing wrong and they were hounded out of their home and towm by shithead mobs .
Well , the Harvard Law School Admission Office is known to shade the truth to soften the blow of non-admission to worthy applicants like yourself .
It shames me to admit that , now , but growing up in a Catholic home with parents for whom transgender issues did not exist and were not discussed , it was all I had the ability to understand .
Hey Deckard , Can you shade a light on all this ?
Deckard -LRB- or & quot ; Superman & quot ; as you like to call yourself -RRB- , Can you shade a light on this ?
I shamed ya bad. .
They were nice scopes - I liked them better than the HPs - and they were easier to service than the Teks -LRB- those tiny push-button switches on the Teks were too easy to shear off in the hands of the military apes that used them .
It shames the notion of a & quot ; government of the people , by the people , for the people. & quot ;
The US Supreme Court shamed us .
Sent : Friday , June 03 , 2005 9:14 AM Subject : Re : -LSB- Hushspace -RSB- LOL Shame the archive is n't there any more .
When that happens , the flywheel keeps going , and shears the soft flywheel key .
But I guess I 've always been the type to think in terms of curved paths , aesthetically pleasing asymmetries , one part raised a bit higher than the next , etc. I guess what I 'm saying is that if you 've dealt with the obvious things , like slope if any and what would shade what , I 'm not thinking of a lot of considerations other than aesthetics in terms of making the decision .
As a British citizen the actions of a group of residents in Ashtead saddens and shames me and I feel that I do n't want to be regarded as belonging to the same country as these people .
I probably would not have taken him to obedience classes at this time if that was not such a difficult issue , and if people here had not essentially shamed me into doing so .
Dickau I think he did it because Tony , Steve and Ron went to his office and shamed him !
I went to a great deal of trouble to un-stick a Ford flattie in a Universal Carrier , and got it unstuck alright , but the oil pump was full of trash , and it sheared off the drive gear on the back of the camshaft .
Shame it 's so hard to find a good one anymore .
You can shade it to one side or the other of the magnet stop position , this will make it more accurate .
The temptation to shade a bit on the selection or transformation process , and then to shade a bit more on the results can be very strong , but any such & quot ; shading & quot ; invalidates the entire process .
Lots of herbivores will eat tubers , but the tubers evolved so that the top shears off .
This will help shade and out-compete weeds , and you can till it in -LRB- or trim and put in the compost , if you are of the no-till philosophy -RRB- in the spring .
wrote : & quot ; You can shear a sheep a hundred times , It 's probably a lot less than a hundred times .
The Octalink spines sheared off and the Shimano engineers did not recognize that it was not for long enough spline teeth that it failed but because it unscrewed and disengaged the spline to a point where it WAS too weak and sheared off .
Anyway , I settled on the & quot ; shade your eyes , your viewfinder , and your lens & quot ; baseball hat as it seemed to me to be the most usable by anyone anytime .
The tree on the left shades it most of the day , the tree on the right shades it later in the afternoon .
These last megabinges shamed Mr. Zevon and angered some of his new friends .
Most mistakes I can put down to experience , but that little episode shames me and I want it to continue shaming me so that I do n't forget .
Shame it 's such a big country , they 're probably closer to me here in the UK than where I 'm likely to be next time I 'm in Canada .
Andy Ex-Pat Andy wrote : As a British citizen the actions of a group of residents in Ashtead saddens and shames me and I feel that I do n't want to be regarded as belonging to the same country as these people .
I left the area while I was quite worried , and walked - when I reached an area called Qarn ath-Tha'alib , I raised my head to the sky and noticed a cloud that shaded me .
Shame the toolkits still do n't use it directly .
After I sent electrochrome the above compilation and shamed him for being such a deadbeat , he did deliver the disks about two weeks later , so it was actually ELEVEN LONG MONTHS that he & quot ; kept me on the line & quot ; .
You see , checker , I saw a Mormon go into a usenet group -LRB- I WILL say that it was the first time I had ever seen such a thing , and it shamed me right down to my toes -RRB- and attack the beliefs of the religion the group was devoted to discussing .
His hat shaded his face face and hazel eyes , and he had an identical body to to that of Cody , except he was a little shorter .
So they still shear the slit , as in the old steel dip-pen days , and then cut the pellet ?
Really , are you trying to heap a bunch of guilt on the innocent , when AMDs present predicament is ALL AMD 's management fault ? ?
One thing may be true , or another , for all me ; but , just because I believe Ruth Sullivan , I 'm not going to believe , right and left , all the stories in Cotton Mather , and all that anybody can hawk up to tell .
Now machined tool parts are not very easy to hawk in a coin or pawn shop , in fact unless you have a use for it , it is no good .
But they still heap criticism on Bush and his Iraq strategy , which promises to be a prominent issue in next year 's presidential election .
So it is up to the pious to harmonize these two accounts .
The frail Pandithan , 67 , who was once an ardent critic of Samy Vellu , yesterday heaped praise and welcome on the MIC president .
Last week , every member of the Patriots heaped praise on the Buffalo Bills , with Belichick going so far as to say that Buffalo was so good , he was glad they got two weeks to prepare .
& quot ; If I were you , I would n't heap devastating blame on myself for this ; on the other hand , the experience should redouble your conviction that alcohol has no permanent value as a pain-killer. & quot ;
They show no disposition to harmonize with him .
Adam Smith , along with many 18th - and 19th-century economists , identifies the root error as misidentification of money and wealth : & quot ; A rich country , in the same manner as a rich man , is supposed to be a country abounding in money ; and to heap up gold and silver in any country is supposed to be the best way to enrich it. & quot ;
Howard was always a good indicator of something worth reading ; Alan Lothian is too , not only for the quality of the opprobrium , vitriol and scorn he can heap on people , but for the sense he can cram into a post .
Sorry - but there 's no reason to argue with people who just want to heap personal abuse .
According to Grant in an interview after her sentencing hearing this morning , the judge heaped plenty of conditions upon her , including a fine of $ 30,315.00 and 15 years of probation .
He would hawk The Berkeley Barb and The Oracle on the corner of Haight and Masonic .
Just go to ARN and look at all the junk that they hawk .
She heaped praise on Wairarapa 's voters : & quot ; They are salt-of-the-earth , upfront , honest people who have a strong bond and a sense of reliance on each other in times of hardship , & quot ; she said .
Here , take these Legos and make a furnace out of ' em , then try and hawk it to Mrs. Quiddley-Forester down the hall .
But the former comparison harmonizes better with the rest of the passage , and that is , that the land was now stripped of all its fruit , as it is after the harvest and the vintage .
In fact , most of these countries are seeing their emissions rising faster than those in the U.S. Pro-Kyoto Protocol activists and the media continue to heap praise on the treaty for its carbon-emissions goals , but they rarely explore the obvious question of whether these goals are actually being met .
A rock band that harmonizes , imagine that ?
Sure , a lot of them still mess up and talk about creationism and ID when they hawk the new scam , but the perps know that they have to get a pristine batch of rubes to run the new scam or it too will fail .
What I 'm not about to do is take a panel out of the door and hawk it around .
I heaped your vandalizing these last months into one , and was actually referring to the previous time when you mucked up this newsgroup for a couple of months before suddenly disappearing again .
It came only after the plan to heap all the blame on the indeed blameworthy local Democrats failed to lift Mr. Bush 's own record-low poll numbers .
He is a man of honor , and if our characters could not be made to harmonize , it was probably because we both had defects that were irreconcilable .
Taken one way OSGi could be considered the same sort of bloat and complexity that folk like to heap criticism on Sun for about the JDK -LRB- which has after all had to provide an extraordinarily high level of compatibility for 10 years -RRB- .
In this case you are assuming that the missing details will harmonize the two accounts .
Look at the company in Arizone , I think , that would hawk $ 100,000 retail value of coins and sell the lots for $ 3000 - $ 4000 , when the bulk of the coins would be cerified by NTC , PCI , or the like .
Then you have me , and by now , you should realise that I 'll either heap abuse or exploit people for comic material-especially people like krl , who are such a rich source of comedy .
If this book just heaps on more of the same , it would n't surprise me .
Get down to something that works , and then slowly heap the frills on until you find the error again .
Now , it seemed , the seed had taken root for Marie , and the group heaped praise on her for the change .
wrote He received lengthy and warm applause as he arrived for a joint session of the Senate and the House of Representatives , and his address was met by several standing ovations as he heaped praise on the United States .
On Sunday , speaker of the Iranian parliament Ali Haddad Adel was the latest senior official to heap praise on the IGRC , calling it an effective defender of the Islamic revolution .
Many people purposely heaped flak on Gambon just because their & quot ; image & quot ; of Dumbledore was disturbed , and this was only two films into the series .
Nobody could harmonize at all. . and it was painful to listen to at times .
Some storestaff members embrace PS3 to hawk in the entrance , but no one wants to buy it .
I feel like a total fraud when I hear the kindnesses you heap upon me , and so much less the deserving recipient of good will .
items there is almost always a pile of underwear and bras heaped up in the bedroom .
Midrasch Tillim says the same thing , and that Scripture in that passage , speaking of the enemy , means the evil leaven ; and that , in giving him that bread and that water , we heap coals of fire on his head .
maybe it was the idea that they would heap up. .
There 's an effort to heap all the blame on the Bully Boy .
If the birthdate of Shakespeare is correct , that he had a Venus Neptune conjunction , then the VenusNeptune trine at the beginning of May , should help HLAS to harmonize with the Stratford Sat Guru .
The breeze rustles through the trees .
I think DTV may be riding out what ever contract for the POS - R15 and other DVRs Uncle Ruppert saddled them with before announcing a new TiVO based DVR .
But in the case at hand , a small backyard operation , it is important to scarify to increase rate of germination .
wrote : folks , saddle up to the bar and order the drink of your choice as long as it is a well , this may be a long session and i do n't know if i can afford premiums .
One only hopes that the last few microstates , like Niue or the Cook Islands , can rustle up a correspondent to test the integrity of the UN 's rules .
as traders we have to saddle up right next to them .
the program , if it ever came to pass , would just scavenge the derelictmobiles .
For reasons that were n't made clear to Mr. Kugelman , the bank opted to saddle him with only a portion of the loss , $ 5,950 , the amount of the third order .
Just because there 's no government does n't mean there wo n't be any factories , just that they 'll be able to operate without all of the insane edicts the government saddles them with today .
And then , the following day , his son tried to saddle and ride one of the wild horses , was thrown , and broke his leg .
itellitlikeitis wrote : EVERYONE knows how Jr. sandbagged during the early part of the year , when he and his siblings were sooo unsuccessful in the attempt to wrest control of DEI from Teresa .
& quot ; - see if you ca n't rustle up Jayne , & quot ; Mal finished .
Mom would boil the ribs briefly and then we 'd sauce them and keep saucing them every ten minutes or so until the bone began to show .
I was using it as an example of how you can sauce money .
I thought , as she rustled through the door and took me aside .
Do n't saddle them with thinking that what you 're going through is OK , since that wo n't help them when it comes time for them to have relationships of their own .
After all , reconquering it would saddle them with a devastated region that was a lot poorer than the US to start with .
I 'd go with a family name , but I did n't want to saddle the poor soul with my grandpa 's name , Toshisharu .
so the competition really begins : - -RRB- We saddled back up and I took them through a series of twists and turns through what is the remnants of an old Xmas tree farm that used to occupy the backside of our property and ultimately into the thick twisty TST in the more heavily wooded areas for the next 30 minutes or so .
It pays to scavenge a little bit .
I 'm sure that one could rustle up a few more Living Gods by trawling the Ashrams of India .
Priest even rustles up a few quotes that downplay the political war between the White House and the anti-Bush cabal within the intelligence agency .
I 'm not about to scavenge through binaries looking for this thing .
Selenoproteins and their antioxidant products scavenge cell-damaging free radicals .
I know I have little admiration for him or any of those who tried to saddle us with a virtually unlimited central government from the beginning .
I 'm sure we can rustle up a couple of panhandelers for ya .
Sorry with all the questions , I 've never had an iMac before believe it or not , Powermacs , powerbooks , Macbooks , Minis , yes , but never an iMac , I 'm tempted just because of that and they are lovely but I may need to sell a couple of Powermacs to rustle up the cash .
So , he saddled up and prepared to ride out of town .
And it is exactly the plan Mitt Romney saddled us with in Massachusetts .
Yes , we scarified blood and money , the blood of innocent soldier , who were not asked for consent , the money of taxpayers for the enrichment of the corporate oligarchy .
you 're out of your leaugue when it comes to putting Plate Tectonics over on us if that 's all you can manage -LRB- about troll bait -RRB- See if you can rustle up the big hill-buildie , . . see
The guards spoke a few words to Gunter in what sounded like Dutch , and that was that , the guards saddled up and drove off .
Because they do n't BELIEVE in VICTORY for the TROOPS and want to saddle the Republicans with an ALBATROSS LOSS .
Long saddled with foreign debt , it has paid off its foreign creditors and accumulated reserves of about $ 50 billion , according to the World Bank .
You might be able to scavenge something .
EVERYONE knows how Jr. sandbagged during the early part of the year , when he and his siblings were sooo unsuccessful in the attempt to wrest control of DEI from Teresa .
Since his candidature is ruled out , it is a shame that the UPA could not rustle up anyone better than Pratibha Patil .
Posted via a free Usenet account from http : www.teranews.com nunya wrote : folks , saddle up to the bar and order the drink of your choice as long as it is a well , this may be a long session and i do n't know if i can afford premiums .
It is a recorded fact that if someone heard that bugle and it was n't & quot ; on time , & quot ; it meant that the stage was in trouble and if people wanted their mail and relatives , they 'd better saddle up in a hurry .
You do know this is just the plan Mitt Romney saddled Massachusetts with , right ?
They are quick to rumple their nose and curl their lip when dished up something that does n't meet their expectations .
And are you saying it is better to saddle ouryour grandchildren with dept for Iraq ?
My tastes might again change , bur right now , I do n't sauce my ribs at all .
At MaKenny 's Homeplace Ranch , riding is always on the menu and with his patient wranglers and careful instruction , it may be the best place for a greenhorn to saddle up for a riding and ranch vacation .
& quot ; ' Tis not in thee to scant my sizes. & quot ;
I inquired about the money that ive been getting -LRB- note : I dont really do anything for the company , it was a tax break for my dad and a college fund for me -RRB- they said that the checks were gone , or put back into the company ...
The paladin inquired what all this might be .
When you inquire what the job was , you 're explained that there has been a retina scanner added to your car to ensure that you will be the only person driving it .
I called the Senator 's office and inquired about this claim .
I inquired about Viagra one time and he said & quot ; It 's all in your mind. & quot ;
He inquired of the king of her situation and offered to save her in exchange for her hand in marriage .
Even if you see someone already writing what you 'd like to write , you are welcome to inquire with samples of your own .
I would recommend to anyone using MapMarker 13.0 that you inquire with MapInfo about the replacement .exe for this release so you do n't introduce geocoding errors into your data .
He inquired , reaching down and removing the nipple clamps .
I think you should inquire of the Court Clerk .
When asked to contribute to the poor on Christmas Eve , he inquired if the workhouses and the prisons were still operating .
ACP -LRB- 9mm Kurz -RRB- in the pistol would be considered a clue , but you were wise to inquire since the design was also offered in 7.65mm Browning .
They get a little flustered when we inquire if they should perhaps see a paleontologist the next time they have a toothache .
We invest time and money on you so please , only people that are willing to work 10 hours a week or more need to inquire .
In this case we have a lot of smoke , including a Republican Senator calling a USA to inquire about an investigation of his political opponents .
He inquires about the health of Silent 's wife and daughter and about the progress of William , his son at Oxford .
I heard the head of the urology department at the local Mayo Hospital tell a man who inquired about soreness that he was overdoing it .
As we were picking the fruits , I had a slightly extended version of the standard where-am-I-from conversation with the couple , and in return , I inquired about their livelihood and what happens to the fruit .
she inquired , putting down the book .
if I may take the liberty to inquire .
Slowly but surely ... I 'm gon na inquire again about Lac Leamy to see if they 're on the same sched .
Virtually all that is offered is assurance to those who do n't want such things to be true that they need n't worry , and need inquire no further .
Watch Peta could be watching so you may want to inquire about the Veggie plate .
When I inquired about this , he told me his wife did most of the sewing and made the bags one at a time .
I inquired of him the names of these men , and he informed me that he was under a promise of secrecy not to divulge them to any one but Gov. Cumming ; but that he -LSB- intended -RSB- to tell him who they were .
So she went to inquire of the LORD .
He also inquired about the Department 's ability to monitor the actions of foreign students once in the country , and whether there is proper coordination between all of the responsible federal agencies on cases of this nature .
Hoyle inquired , and nobody not knowing what to look for would have noted his relief .
I had heard there were g-vernment grants for getting homes but I do n't know for sure or how one would inquire about it .
when you get there , you will see how to inquire about getting the referral link on the site .
Of course I want to do the smart thing , which is why I inquired here , but that little devil on my shoulder wants to try something new instead of being boring .
The Lord asked a question of Job in relation to this matter : He inquires , & quot ; Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth ?
Interestingly enough , I already had a diagnostic test run by a local service center before going to the dealer and they were able to tell me within an hour that the PCM was the problem , but they were unable to fix the problem so I had it towed to the dealership -LRB- I did n't inquire as to why I just took the guy at his word that he could n't do the repair -RRB- .
This means that it is rude to inquire as to someone 's actual identity if they choose to use a pseudonym .
Again , defense is not likely to take that proffer at face value , and they are fully entitled by law to inquire further , to see whether you are lying or exaggerating .
This is to remind all you people who inquired and requested for a second batch of PHP CONCEPT ENHANCER course , that the screening test for the same is tomorrow , ie on sunday 04th Feb , 2007 .
When I inquired about the vehicle at the local dealership they knew nothing about it .
They do n't want you to call them to inquire , everything is done by e-mail - slowly .
So , if I inquire about an interest rate from a company I can get phone calls and I can not stop them .
Bianca , who had great difficulty in comprehending the strong Warwickshire dialect , signified she would be glad to stay there , and , at the direction of the guard , paid the first week 's rent in advance ; on which the woman began to have a better opinion of the speculation , asked her to sit by her fire down stairs , and inquired what she would like to eat .
I am still in occassional contact with him and may inquire to double check .
I want to inquire from you if you can handle this transaction for mutual benefitslife opportunity for you and me .
When I inquired , I was told that he had not bought or sold any horses this year and was now using them to round up and heard the cattle .
You can call or write to inquire about the status of a request .
I decided to called my vet to inquire about the cost of the meds .
Did you pick then all up and inquire if they happenned to belong to the couple ?
Grace inquires & quot ; Not a good idea Ma .
But since Kennedy is a sitting senator - dually elected by the people of Massachusetts - and he has every right to inquire into the actions of the current administration and the actions of the Attorney General .
I was going to post here and ask if that was in fact what it indicates , and inquire whether it would work with the RST-443 intercom .
Out of interest I inquired about the cost and was flabbergasted to discover that it was ten times more expensive than what I could have bought it !
His father inquires , & quot ; What kind of job could you have in the army ? & quot ;
Mr. Spacey inquired of the bartender .
When one man inquired why he was doing this , the Baba threw a rock at him .
LOLOL diana from indiana And yes , I inquired about the system , too .
Five minutes later , Montgomery says , Louisiana state troopers arrived on the scene , inquired about the incident and then asked him for directions on & quot ; how they could get out of the city. & quot ;
As he gained a little more courage , he then inquired of her , & quot ; When I asked if you would marry me , did you say Yes or did you say No ? & quot ; He was delighted to hear her say , & quot ; Why , I said , Yes , yes I will and I meant it with all my heart. & quot ;
If you have doubts about any seller on this group , you can make a separate posting and inquire about their standing in the group and other people 's experience with them .
His Holiness Swami Gaurangapada : Bhagavatam says that human life is not just to make money , but to inquire about the Lord .
Therefore , Lord , I am reluctant to go to that good man to inquire about his illness. & quot ;
I wrote that I agreed with a commenter who inquired What are the Democrats waiting for ?
But , I will know next time to inquire how much the orienteering points are worth .
You shall do very well Montano , to say thus , I knew the gentleman , or know his father , To inquire the manner of his life , As thus ; being amongst his acquaintance , You may say , you saw him at such a time , marke you mee , At game , or drincking , swearing , or drabbing , You may go so farre .
As he inquired after the woman 's health , the muttawa arrived , and arrested Mr. Lawal and the three women .
When I inquire at the FDA , I 'm sure they will say this is an approved treatment .
People from other parts of New England may want to inquire about area accommodations to make it an overnighter .
When I inquired of management & quot ; what was going on ? & quot ;
When I further inquired , she indicated that as the show was not selling well we might not even have to pay for the tickets at all .
Just as he was about to fly off , he made a buzzing noise , and inquired of the Bull if he would like him to go .
Chancelor of what , if I may inquire , not that it matters to my prayers .
Kucinich then inquired about the involvement of the Rendon Group , a public relations firm that has previously contracted with the Department of Defense and the CIA in overseas propaganda efforts .
When I inquired for the third time , he simply said , ' Allah and His Prophet -LRB- Sallallaho alaihe wasallam -RRB- know best . '
Finally , a word for all of you who have been kind enough to inquire about my personal financial situation .
The clerk was instructed to inquire if they had a prescription .
People can be divided into two classes : those who go ahead and do something , and those who sit still and inquire , why was n't it done the other way ?
A couple of years ago I inquired with NOAA about a project I was working on , using nautical chart data , and was informed there was no problem at all. -LRB-
Confused , the man turned back toward the farmer and inquired , & quot ; Why did n't you tell me that when I asked you ? & quot ;
A State Convention in Massachusetts in 1828 saw the establishment of a committee & quot ; to inquire how far Freemasonry and French Illuminism are connected. & quot ;
I think it 's probably common for people to inquire about large , general purpose libraries such as Prototype , JQuery , Dojo , YUI , etc. because those are the only ones they 're familiar with because of the & quot ; press & quot ; they receive .
I was in a hurry yesterday , but I will inquire about this tomorrow .
I had mine on a run when she was a pup , but I fenced in my entire back yard for her when she grew up .
Between now and then , I anticipate the Senate and House of Representatives will be holding all sorts of hearings to ferret out the origins of this conflict , as well as many other questionable decisions you 've made to subvert the U.S. Constitution .
Officials believe that one also had been used to ferry undocumented people into the country from south of the border , according to ICE .
Madame Mim wrote : Is there a tool to ferret out meshes that no longer have clothingobjects attached to them .
And , I 'd like to see the alternative folks do more on their own to ferret out the charlatans among them .
It ferried busloads of people from all over the State , particularly from Shimoga , the Chief Minister 's home district , to watch the event .
In a GOOSE of three years , there may be a formation of the underbody feathers into a sort-of defined keel right down the center of her true keel .
Charon ferried souls across the Styx and if they could n't pay them , they were wandering on the banks of the Styx .
He complains that such a move would federalize , even socialize , health care .
Actually I find it a bit of a pia when mt , have to feather the pedal or the rears will turn on dry pavement .
We 'll have to ferret out more mavericks like ourselves to grow .
They also told police that friends and family had access to the car while they were away - and that it was used to ferry relatives to and from Faro .
I wish I could find me a handy boatman To ferry me over to my love and die .
By the shore he meets Urshanabi who had been the steersman of Utnapishtim 's boat , and commands him to ferry him across the waters of death .
-LRB- maybe he 's worried that the & quot ; liberal weenies & quot ; -LRB- which is his word for & quot ; anyone who 's not a fanatical Bush-worshipper & quot ; -RRB- will tar and feather him and run him out of town on a rail . -RRB-
And then I actually fenced in the tournament , it was most amusing .
There are experimental results , however , that have been designed to ferret out the difference between little balls banging on little balls and something else going on , and it is clear that there is something else that is going on .
Moreover , Osama bin Laden 's diamond courier who fenced West African diamonds into the Hassidim-run Hatton Garden , London diamond district went by the very non-Muslim-sounding name of & quot ; Cyril Jacob. & quot ;
I was talking to the doc as he ferreted around near my ileum -LRB- which was actually removed several years ago , but you know what I mean -RRB- .
With more than a million illegal immigrants entering the U.S. each year , we need to federalize our southern border .
He managed to get out in 1978 , but plans to safely ferry his family out of the country were hampered .
The first record should have & quot ; Do n't Fence Me In & quot ; & amp ; & quot ; It Makes No Difference Now. & quot ;
With events taking place at Rothbury , Thropton , Harbottle , and Barrowburn , visitors will have the opportunity to travel by vintage buses that will ferry folk from one venue to the next and back to Rothbury .
At the same time , he has repeatedly obsessed about & quot ; cyberstalkers & quot ; who seek to ferret out others ' secrets .
While he was doing that , the canoes lined the upper third of the drop on the right , then ferried across to the left side .
My 2004 BMW 6 is quoted at doing 26mpg too , but in reality it does much less , like 19mpg , no matter how much I try to feather the gas .
He also said it would be impossible for Publix to ferret out cheaters because rBST is undetectable in milk .
And , it takes a very sophisticated knowledge of nutrition and biochemphysiology , and epidemiology -LRB- as a last resort -RRB- to ferret this stuff out .
The mayor of Sinjar , Dakheel Qassim Hasoun said US aircraft were helping to ferry the wounded to hospitals .
My recollection , and I could be wrong , is that Kennedy federalized them when they were somewhere else , not there , and used them to keep peace at the school .
Four guards would ferry her there and there was an elevator at the other end of the hallway in the opposite direction they would take her .
You also need to feather back the sanded area a very long way into the area that 's still got paint on it .
As in the case of my wife , consciousness that engenders detectable behaviour is a different thing altogether , which , I suppose , is why philosophers fenced off the aspect of consciousness that is called & quot ; private & quot ; .
But it 's easy enough to ferret him out of his little hidey hole of lies .
Is there a tool to ferret out meshes that no longer have clothingobjects attached to them .
I would n't ferry his new computer home for him until he walked across the street to buy a can of chain lube .
There are some barricades on both sides if you take certain route to the bridge , but I welcome them as they fenced the cars off .
The root cause is that they spend too many years in office and the temptation to steal and feather their own nests becomes too great for most .
I 'll have time to ferret around on Friday and see what I can find out .
If it wants to ferret out their identity , it will too .
And that can be used to ferret out the FSB .
I get to ferry it back home tomorrow evening. .
Etta Thorick wrote : Jeanie wrote : Madame Mim wrote : Is there a tool to ferret out meshes that no longer have clothingobjects attached to them .
I suspect that he has his own ability to ferret out who it is who deserves being deaded .
We also fenced 10 percent of their money .
There was a little black boy we knowed , and he would hold our hands and ferry us up there .
It does not always work in the way the politically-correct would prefer -- as they rev up their 4x4s to ferry their offspring to the most expensive schools they can afford .
de la Guardia of the International Committee of the Red Cross said relief teams were still being denied authorisation to ferry in relief to the camp .
You have repeatedly stated that going to Iraq to ferret out WMD was a bad idea because there were no WMD .
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , along with many states , is funding creation of school-based Multi-Disciplinary Teams -LRB- SBMDT 's -RRB- trained to enter schools and ferret out & quot ; abusing families. & quot ;
All of which leads to a question : You 're a helo pilot , a slim and short one , an ex-jockey or something , and you have to ferry a supersized giant of a man to somewhere for a stomach-stapling operation .
I think if you really wanted to pursue it , you could ferret out the owner of the 900 numbers .
I 'm on 13 acres , but I fenced off a manageable chunk of that surrounding the back of the house .
If we really are at a point where we decide as a polity to federalize these events from the beginning , let 's do it and place full blame on the federal government when things aren ' up to snuff .
BTW , Gauri leached the samples of salt before grain-size analysis as clearly stated on page 197 of Gauri & amp ; Bandyopadhyay -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , there is no salt flocculation present .
A word about wood ash , do n't apply it to early if using it as a fertiliser -LRB- it has good % potassium and some phosphorous -RRB- as it leaches easily .
The culm extends somewhat like a radio antennae and in about a month or so it reaches it 's full height and leafs out .
If any of the iron leached out , you 'd just be getting a boost in needed minerals .
If ebony wants to move , you could laminate it to half-inch guage plate and it would still shift .
Lurk and leach for a while and get to know the group .
David & quot ; The CDN Hamster & quot ; Malone I was hoping you would leaf that alone .
I 'm not sure what they did about the blue water , but I did learn that not all crust is bad , and if you 're working on old lead pipes , do n't scrape all the crust off the inside , or it may start to leach into your water Rhiannon ------- It is n't pollution that 's harming the environment .
The lining of the nose and mouth are the first to liquefy .
Or you can make up your own , laminate it and stick it to the driver 's door frame somewhere .
the store could arrange with vendor or mrf rep to laminate to the display a copy of the instructoins , but i ca n't recall ever seeing that .
But in fact , the cost-plus-award method is an extremely common arrangement throughout the defense-contracting industry ; one can leaf through the pages of Defense Daily and see many hundreds of contracts handled on the same basis .
I do n't understand why we 'd localize something like templates .
But if it vaporlocks past that point , on top of the engine in the fuel rails , you just have to wait for the fuel to cool and liquefy again or purge it out through the injectors .
Now he leafs through the classified ads each morning and walks the streets .
The plastic in the bottle leaches into the water .
I think I 'd be inclined to laminate the print if you are trying to obtain long term protection .
There are teeny little holes in the casing of the tablet that allow a small amount of the med to leach out at a time and that is what makes it extended release .
It might be a good idea to leaf through the copy you are planning to buy to make certain it is complete and in good shape .
If it does n't leach lead into your tea , it 's not a problem .
First and most important , you do n't have to liquefy the air .
Also , the toxins and radioactive goo began to leach out of the water and top soil .
This listbox should be next to the coursor so I need to localize this point .
Have you leached the soil ?
Thank you , Manish , I 've been searching high and low for a machine to laminate my website !
I 'm also not sure why you would try to localize the filenames .
For instance , I picked up the Taschen reprint of & quot ; Description de l'Egypte & quot ; -LRB- large numbers of detailed drawings of the tombs , temples , pyramids etc done by Napolean 's army during their time in Egypt -RRB- , and that 's been pleasant to leaf through when I 've got nothing else to do .
It 's not uncommon for chemicals to leach out of plastics , especially when they 're heated .
This used to be a river bottom , so the soil is n't bad , but it rains so much I think a lot of nutrients leach out quickly .
2 . You wo n't have to leaf through a pile of issues to find that article you want to look at again .
Lurk and leach for a while and get to know the group before posting to abawa .
If at all possible , I would want to laminate those battens into place , making a wood-glass-wood-glass-wood sandwich bolted and epoxied together .
The evil angel acted like he did n't even know about the shots , and leafed through a clipboard .
You heat it up , catch the vapour that emanates , and cool that vapour down until it liquefies .
wrote Well , what I was actually asking is if I could laminate the two pieces to take the curve in the wing .
One thing that has occurred to me -- and this really has nothing to do with the issue at hand , but I 'm mentioning it anyway -- is that taking discussion elsewhere leaches from the group .
Did you laminate several thicknesses of card ?
There are a variety of strategies that can be used to localize this type of problem .
They will probably have to liquefy the hydrogen which would require people that actually know what they are doing to fill up the vehicles and that will increase the cost to the consumer .
Also , I suspect the Japanese companies would n't have much of a clue of what to market in the US -LRB- or Europe or whatever -RRB- show-wise , that would end up being worth their time and money to localize -LRB- well , barring things like Naruto -- but there are only so many of these shows to sell -RRB- .
Also , you do not have to use expensive Sitka Spruce , and if you do , you can cut up smaller -LRB- cheaper-no waste -RRB- pieces , and splice them , and laminate them , to get all of the grain going in the right direction .
The trouble with Boric AcidGlycol solutions is that they leach back out .
I know I can get most of these titles through Amazon , but I like to leaf through a book first to see if the level of detail and general style is to my liking - something which you ca n't do on a website .
I leafed through the files in etcX11xdm , but to no avail , and unfortunately , the xdm manpage is written in some remote klingon slang .
Either the basalt , with rain , leached the airborne CO2 out into bicarbonate or it did n't .
-LRB- You can laminate it and have the students use it as a placemat ! -RRB-
It was also found that , there are chances of effluents to leach and reach the aquifer , thereby contaminating the ground water .
& quot ; I think you 're a vampire , Jayne , I think you circled around your prey and waited until there was a weakness so you could swoop in and leach it dry .
You ca n't leaf through it , because it 's in a glass case , but it 's open to a page full of annotations that lets you see firsthand what the fuss is about .
-LRB- Uranium , for example , was used to color & quot ; vaseline & quot ; glass -- but it is n't well-regarded in this nuclear age to include this in tableware , although the radioactive -LRB- and fluorescing -RRB- element is probably well-sealed in the glass and is unlikely to leach out . -RRB-
Sinks to the bottom of my tank just fine , and it does n't leach any metals out into the water .
Even though we can decide to liquefy wheatgrass into a juice we still can not benefit from it .
I had a chance to leaf through but not read the new article in the new BQ and was pleased to see a discussion of the statistics .
If you want a sign you have to print and laminate a sign .
It does n't leach out of Teflon-coated surfaces , nor does the article say that it does , though the article is bad enough .
Measurement localizes the photon 's momenergy .
And they do it on land that has all the trace minerals leached out of it long ago .
I really do n't know how much copper leaches out in something like that .
Well , what I was actually asking is if I could laminate the two pieces to take the curve in the wing .
I do n't remember all of the more technical aspects , but the final explanation for the blue water also explains one reason that lead pipes do n't leach into the water .
It 's not unusual for severely damaged trees like this to start to leaf in the spring , using resources already present in the branches , but if the trees are as severely girdled as you describe , the new growth will soon shrivel and die .
that 's why my mind gravitates to what that must have been like for them .
That had happened before , but this time I gravitated down into the cellar where it was dark .
Seem to always gravitate back to it .
First , what I am saying is that people will tend to gravitate toward the advice that they are predisposed to want to hear , That 's likely true .
If your consultant can tell you what you 've got and what it 's worth , then you know you are not gouging the customer , they know you 're not out to gouge them and will be less likely to try to get a price drop -LRB- because the price is not in the stratosphere -RRB- , and they will come back -LRB- and may bring friends also -RRB- periodically to see if you 've gotten more .
I think they tend to gouge you on those things .
& quot ; Money is naturally going to gravitate toward dollar-based assets because of the strength of our economy , & quot ; the Treasury secretary , Henry M. Paulson Jr. , said in an interview .
I gravitated toward them , and I love them .
Another bullet grazed a finger of the sarpanch , Bhagaban Baramba , who was accompanying Sidhu .
Trying to gouge those who do n't know how to fix their systems themselves , is what I would expect from an obvious spammer .
An elderly uncle who refused to flee was kidnapped and found hanging from a tree , his eyes gouged out and genitals cut off , Koul said .
But some say IOLAUS cut off Eurystheus ' head and Alcmene then gouged out his eyes with a spike .
This is why I gravitate to a pantheistic approach .
Is it only a matter of time I gravitate to 9-5 ?
It 's also the color I just gravitate toward .
The & quot ; rent-to-own & quot ; chain which gouges the poorest of the poor ?
We 're not going to be allowed to graze in Elysian fields with the sun on our backs . '
Keep it where it belongs , and allow individuals to gravitate .
It 's very easy to gravitate into relationships that mirror those in which we grew up , for men as well as women .
In the meantime , the reason we both gravitate to a boating newsgroup is to discuss a common interest - and that 's a good thing .
He terrorfies them in their hopes to gouge the world with high prices .
It 's been watered down too much , the lines of transmission gouged out as much as possible without allowing them to break .
I do n't try to gouge people .
but it seems to me like I gravitated towards 1-tooth diffs at the upper end ...
Politicians from the undivided Janata Dal who gravitated to the Congress were pushing for a JD -LRB- S -RRB- -Congress coalition .
And there are plenty of people that would be happy to grass you up if they did hear of you blocking up a bat roost .
And we rode on it , flat , just enough to gouge the sidewalls .
Kirksville was one of the very few places in MO that day that did not use the event as an excuse to gouge the drivers .
Eventually he moved to the U.S. As a man of color , he ran into that relentlessly conservative whites-only straights-only atmosphere in NASCAR , so he gravitated towards the more liberal road-racing scene .
And I think people gravitate to that , and I did .
It would be interesting to see if people will be more willing to graze in the music field at 10p a listen rather than 70p an MP3 .
& quot ; The people do n't want them , but when they do n't have any other options , they may gravitate to what 's there , & quot ; Perry said in Monday 's Los Angeles Times .
People gravitated to her like a river that leads to the ocean .
It is not the sort of thing I gravitate toward and did n't initially like it .
Everything gravitates there .
Hello Are you supposed to apply the sealant remover directly onto the existing sealant or are you supposed to gouge out as much of the old sealant as possible before applying the sealant remover ?
Horses do much better when they are allowed to come and go as they wish , and it is much better for them to be able to graze ad lib .
& quot ; And I 've seen people nailed in the head , cut in half with saws , their eyes gouged out with bare hands , & quot ; he added .
They must gouge as much as possible from your soul .
There is a sense that the sectarian violence in Iraq is out of control and will gravitate towards any outside influence that is willing to aid the various factions .
Newsgroup trolls seem to gravitate here .
But there were very few carbs to make it rise , so it gravitated towards normal .
She 's wonderful , but I think people will gravitate to Sabra and Jamie will be out in the cold .
if you 've ever seen the inside of a piece of bamboo , you 'd know how hard it would be to try to gouge out the walls with a big blunt machete .
I guess he 's got ta be to survive , but I gravitated to the local Performance shop after dealing with him a couple of times .
I would think a tech could quote an estimated price before he started but then again as RK has stated , sometimes there is fretboard repair to be done if someone has superglued the fret in and removing it gouges the fretboard .
' When he was younger , he always gravitated to the wrong crowd , Criss said .
In other words , if the human is the only show in town , the cat will gravitate to the human .
It has absolulely nothing to do with demand , the rule of thumb is and always has been , & quot ; Gouge the consumer as much as possible & quot ; .
Love seems to be the orb by which we gravitate .
& quot ; The more applications , the more value to the user and the more people gravitate to our platform. & quot ;
Because they did n't have uncontrolled fires burning and they did n't have chunks of the WTC 1 and 2 buildings gouge chunks out of them .
& quot ; They just stood out , and people gravitated to them. & quot ;
Why does it always have to gravitate back to PV ?
Simply put , I 'm not trying to gouge money out of everyone .
Now which do you think people will gravitate to ?
The oil gravitates to the top and lubricates .
But , unless you just graze the guy with the .45 or .44 , he is going down hard .
I do n't get to Washington very often , but when I do I gravitate to three monuments .
If all it can do is gravitate , does it really matter what it is ?
These moonbats tend to gravitate toward the non-traditional professions .
People gravitate to him , and he 's got such a strong life force .
I 've done business with them in the past , they 're a good shop and are not in business to gouge customers .
There are even a few stations that really gouge you for it , charging the same price as for high-test .
And as for promotional systems , we tend to gravitate to things put together by other podcasters , or at least by people who understand it clearly .
Of course , the nerd stigma is one of the things that got me to gravitate away from RPGs as high school went on .
Advanced-generation macrolides , and in particular azithromycin , are highly concentrated within polymorphonuclear leucocytes , which gravitate by chemotactic mechanisms to sites of infection .
wrote : Do n't know if it 'll be that high , but as they 've shown in the past , they 'll take any chance at all to gouge .
It will be a footnote to the dynasty , a funny story like when some guy from the 1967 Packers talks about how they gouged each other 's genitalia at the bottom of the fumble pile .
It was out of date and had a green mouldy bit on the edge that I had to gouge out with a knife , but do you think that put me off !
Typically she gravitates to the airweight snub nose .38s .
I wish He had a donkey so that we would look after the donkey , and the donkey would graze all this grass .
if anyone ever does carry that threat out I hope law enforcement uses it as an occasion to roust you : - You seem to be a willing part of a criminal conspiracy .
If you must get into an overlap situation , choose to overlap with the user having the weakest signal .
On the other hand in Arizona with a CCW permit one can legally carry a concealed class III suppressed and / or full auto firearm if it has proper Federal registration and taxes paid .
This also stretches the budget as well , and I also add a very small amount to the plant bases after cleanings it tends to settle thru the gravel to help carry more fresh nutrients to the roots .
: You can however choose if you equip your infantry with 20 Kgs of : gear , or 60 Kgs .
Most of them carry inscriptions invoking Allah and the Prophet , quoting the Quran and giving details of when , how and by whom they were constructed .
Go to the page of the video you require , copy the URL from the address bar and paste it into the box on the site , then choose your desired format and you 're off .
Some isp's like mine wo nt carry the message if it has an attachment .
The EU has said its emissions trading scheme will carry on beyond 2012 in any case , but that is cold comfort for environmentalists who see the need for urgent and effective action beyond trying to trade their way out of trouble .
May you wisely choose to be hungry instead .
Simply go online to tailor - make your perfect Hilton Theatre Break : choose your favourite show from a classic thriller or comedy to the family - friendly spectacle of the " Lord of the Rings , " then select your preferred dates , and start looking forward to your evening of entertainment and relaxation !
Help me choose my new toy !
Such logic shall carry you on your ship of fools well , since it has already carried you this far , huh .
Still there 's a question which live cd to choose !
Solution : Please choose Technical Support in the Hogwasher menu and include the error code , a description of what you were doing when the error occurred , and the Technical Support information see above .
What professions did you choose ?
It 's interesting you 've finally had to descend to jacobsOn 's level in pathetic attempt to carry your poor scholarship and skewed views forward .
That 's a lot of cases , and no one doubts the heavy load child welfare workers must carry .
Browse our Products We carry hundreds of magnets in many sizes and shapes , great deals on magnet wire , plus a variety of new and antique experimental science books , magnet science tools , supplies , and test equipment , and hard - to - find components for the Renewable Energy enthusiast .
Basically , semi-custom means that we 'll add a logo to one or more spots on a tri-top with an existing pattern and choose colors .
But to choose the surest bait , and then to bring back no fish , is unforgivable .
And , of course , they have a truly massive landscape to choose their battlefields from , and they insist on a non-scientific , non-evidence - based approach .
Do n't be like Sweet Stick , choose an avenue you can walk on yourself and you will profit the most from it .
To the extent that we , your followers , carry forward this dual mission of preaching and becoming pure , to that extent we can successfully assist you in fullling your mission .
Is there anything in the works to either a allow for the creation of sub-categories of starred items , or b just carry over the folders categories that each post is already in ?
This is a season when your decisions carry extraordinary significance .
May be required to work Alternative Work Schedule and must carry a communication device company provided .
One of the ways many people choose to celebrate Sweetest Day is by sending flowers to those they love and appreciate .
Why not choose the safer alternatives ?
Pick and choose your battles .
Thanks Some of the parts vendors carry original - style key blanks ...
But at the very least , the strains should carry accurate labels , such as " souring lactobacillus " or some such .
may still spill milk and choose the wrong answer on your drivers license test , or even misunderstand what another says to you , but you will not be divided within yourself and go against your conscience because God lives in your heart and gives you power and grace to avoid and overcome ALL temptation , within and without , to do what you know to be wrong .
I decided I needed to break this down into understandable categories and choose the subjects that might be applicable most for my online marketing and virtual assistant web site .
The results of the SAY meetings will help local groups carry out health programs & projects in the local area and be used to create a national strategy that will result in better health for all Americans .
The creative commons does a great job of providing a pick and choose format for copyright .
My suggestion is to carry several memory cards , and change them when they are approaching but not at full capacity .
In the interests of customer service we 'd like to offer you the ability to end your contractual commitment without any penalty should you choose to ... "
A strong mental outlook will carry you through until the results begin to appear .
I know entire stores that carry nothing but outdated computer books .
I 'm not sure what kind of warped female or drag queen could carry these off but I had to share .
Analogous statements made against other beliefs do not carry criminal penalties ; in some cases , they might even be considered virtuous .
2. Do n't chew gum , carry knives or key rings in your pockets etc. while skating .
You can for analog channels choose what format EyeTV uses .
Those who choose debt consolidation need to realize that it will not make your debt disappear .
No one here has ever said you are not free to worship as you please or to follow the religious path you choose .
For instance should experts or web links carry more weight ?
Stand out from the crowd and always carry good business cards with you , and do n't be shy about handing them out .
Certainly , you can install any instruments you choose in your aircraft licensed in the Experimental category .
But the loader still had to physically choose the round called for by the tank commander , turn and present it to the breech , and shove it in to complete the loading cycle when the cartridge rim tripped a cam that activated the closing of the breech .
The firsts on this mission include : The first launch of an Air Force payload on an Atlas V ; The first flight of an EELV Secondary Payload Adaptor ; The first Air Force mission with six unique spacecraft ; The first dedicated EELV mission for the Department of Defense Space Test Program ; and The first Atlas V mission to carry multiple satellites to two distinctly different low - Earth orbits .
And here 's the worst part : The diagnostics carry the unspoken message that people with Down syndrome are " bad outcomes , " people whose lives are not worth living .
Crash Lander I 'm in Ireland so ca n't help you choose insurers in Oz .
Knowing the setting , simply look up the tech level chart in the " Campaigns " book of the Basic Set and choose one that approximates the level of technology of the setting .
Panelists may also choose to pay homage to the works of Professor Owomoyela as a possible approach to their presentation .
Some brands can carry 3 different version of DOT approved brake fluid .
If the coaches decide to carry a sixth receiver , it should be sixth - round draft choice Courtney Taylor . "
That tends to indicate that he had planned his actions , since I doubt many driver carry a spray bottle of ammonia under normal circumstances .
Novel protein - based systems that require a threshold of at least 1000 specifically arranged amino acid residues will not be able to evolve from any gene pool you choose in existence today even given trillions of years of time .
Here 's how I do my ornaments : 1. Stitch design for front and choose appropriate fabric for back .
items woman carry in their bags .
But in testing to see whether the gene had been effectively silenced , they made a fortuitous discovery : A very small number of cats carry a mutant gene that produces a modified protein , far less likely to induce allergies .
Just how ignorant are you about matters you choose to pontificate on ?
7. Consistency : People choose to read an email based on the ' From ' line vs ' Subject ' line .
No KM station is yet on the air in Hawaii but its mainland TV stations carry programming from America One Network , My Network TV and the CW .
Although the decision faculty is not bound by the laws of cause and effect , it has an innate tendency to choose sin .
If the GOP was so big on Civil Rights how could they then choose Goldwater ?
From the book : ' if we come to the conclusion that the second law of thermodynamics is fundamentally based on a conceptual illusion , it would be just as logical to admit the same possibility for the other physical laws , in which case the theory of the reversibility of the universe would almost carry with it its own retaliation , since the reversible physical laws are the foundation of that theory .
There 's also something very noble and stately about the way gulls carry themselves - until they open their mouths or get close to another gull , that is .
In later flights we 'd carry bombs , 2.75 inch FFARs , 20 mm cannon ammo , or mixes of the above .
Whichever way stations choose to implement digital radio , the result will be a better service for listeners and advertisers . "
Similarly , those who plan their weddings for the summer months may choose ' like Debra Messing ' to carry calla lilies , or they may choose sunflowers , roses or even brightly colored zinnias .
Most women I know carry Coach purses a fairly expensive designer brand that they have purchased at garage sales for about $ 5.00 but they would be hard pressed to " find two nickels to rub together " .
In the context of the alterations Benson did carry out , de Grazia asks : ' If Benson had wished to CENSURE homoerotic love , why did he not omit the notoriously titillating master - mistress sonnet 20 ?
We also carry Mustang apparel , other Classic CAR , NASCAR apparel and racing collectibles .
We carry the soft ranger .
With a warranteed professional coating in 1000 colors to choose from these antiques are a hot item to bring a bathroom compliment for many years .
So , why did Suzuki choose oil , instead of water for a cooling medium ?
Customers might be given the opportunity to select a free product from the online store or choose from steep discounts on other merchandise .
I am all for letting the market decide when we 're talking about manufactured goods , because if most people choose lower quality for increased quantity , the risks are less than when we are talking about education .
Even though I overpaid on one of those , the two of those amps together still cost me less than one new Roccaforte amp .
To help you out our printer expert , M. David Stone , has put together a handy guide that lays out everything you need to know about printer ink , from whose is best to how much a particular printer will cost you per page printed .
But American retailers argue that sharp limits on low - cost imports could cost US consumers $ 6 billion in higher clothing bills annually .
This may result in assets being given to people called beneficiaries or guardianship of children other than as intended by the Testator Part 2 will cover Basic Clauses of a Will and will be published in Al-Akhbar on November 23rd , 2007 and November 30th , 2007 .
During the trip , Carol was not in the least ashamed to be seen in shorts or swimming attire although her artificial leg covered her stump to just below the hip .
Myth 4 : Tankless water heating systems cost more to operate .
In fact , it is often said that a high cohesion correlates with high test coverage , because a single test will touch on multiple facets of the module , and hence multiple tests will cover the facets multiple times .
His treatments focus on prevention and longevity but also cover common ailments such as hypertension , insomnia , and arthritis .
Single - day tickets cost $ 30 while four - day tickets cost $ 99 .
3 years in Korea cost us 40,000 dead soldiers , 54 years of keeping troops stationed there and all we have is a cease fire with an increasingly dangerous enemy .
It covers webs sites and even MSN Messenger conversations .
I 'm tired of making up lies to cover my bruises ... . .
The Prince is told : " According to what the Vietnamese side told our ambassador in Hanoi , the armistice in Vietnam does not cover Cambodia and Laos .
All important entities in Nature wear makeup to cover their true Natures .
Ethical questions about New Jersey Sen. Robert Menendez could mean a possible Republican pick-up , while Virginia Sen. George Allen 's racially insensitive remarks could cost the GOP that seat .
wrote : A new main relay should cost a bit less than that .
Meaning a 3 minute 5 second call will cost you 6 minutes .
The spreadsheet does cover wear and tear costs like engine reserve .
Her fade cost her the votes of those who would vote for a kid as long as they perceive them as being close to the best .
It barely cover-ed her crotch .
They already cover desktop to mainframe , what more could they want that owning VMS would give them ?
Enough to make it worth your while and cover your online time , and incentive payments as you help your channel grow .
Stock options were being used to reward managers richly , the food industry 's rapid consolidation pushed down workers ' pay and the introduction of new machinery improved productivity but cost many jobs .
I also remember some companies that would pay whatever your existing contract rental would cost if you transferred to them .
cities not only encourage further lawbreaking by offering refuge to illegal immigrants , but also contribute to unfunded mandates to cover the resulting hospital , incarceration and educational costs .
, or telephone the Highways Agency information line on 08457 50 40 30 Calls from BT landlines to 0845 numbers will cost no more than 4p per minute ; mobile calls usually cost more .
Checked the valve cover seal today , seemed fine , no imperfections .
Otherwise the sticker in Jonas 's paper might cover some pretty bowls .
This accounting error remains on the books as did a non-existent $ 47 fee in 2005 that cost me 18 months of angst and cost you 10 grand - wo n't you folks ever learn ?
They cover everyone , irrespective of ability to pay , and for US legislators and the executive it 's gold - plated for life .
Point systems and money lists cover only tournament play , where liability is limited , one form of poker predominates , and playing more goes a long way toward improving a player 's standing .
So OPEC gets paid in less valuable US $ but buys things from countries whose prices in local currencies now cost more $ US than before .
It 's not an expensive maintenance item ; should cost under $ 75 total even at the dealer , I figure .
I cover three topics : the timing and nature of Jewish accomplishment , focusing on the arts and sciences ; elevated Jewish IQ as an explanation for that accomplishment ; and current theories about how the Jews acquired their elevated IQ .
Kits cost about 400 or so new so if it looks purpose made and not thrown together from B & Q off-cuts then worth trying to take it off with the components intact .
Even I , Hawaiian Wayne , could n't help but use a little humor to cover what little puritan morals were making me slightly embarrassed to even write about it !!!
-- Sue The last height corrector I got was from ECP last week and it cost 92 Vat it is held on by 3 Torx screws and 4 pipes it takes less than an hour to change .
The regulations went on to specify that a visit to a brothel would cost 2 marks for which 1.5 marks would be kept by the SS and 0.5 marks would be used for " expenses . "
IOW web and domain services cost me less the price of one beer a week .
Many PRIVATE auto insurance policies ALSO FULLY cover rental cars .
A trip to Chennai which cost less than 300 rupees then , now cost you 20,000 rupees .
They only cover folks actually getting unemployment , & do not include those that do n't qualify for it , have stopped getting it , or have never applied among a myirad of others like myself .
Does it cover bathroom stuff ?
32 inch LCD tv cost around 340 - i would love to be able to pay that for a PC screen .
At least the pearls you cast before him cost you nothing !
But if you think about it , September 11th , besides the 3,000 lives , cost this country hundreds of billions of dollars .
Ben Bova 's " Return to Mars " and Clarke - Lee 's " Rama 2 " cover that in depth .
wrote : This is n't as good a deal , but it 's still worth bringing up : if you use a Discover card , you can redeem your cashback as $ 25 Borders gift cards which cost you $ 20 in cashback .
It pretty much covers hurricane related stuff .
If one of Mack 10 's speakers cost 7 dollars , how much do 4 cost .
wrote : How much does a run - of - the - mill brown - case 1930s Smith 's Westminster chime Napoleon hat type thing or similar mantle clock of the Smith 's ilk actually cost trade in England , Andy ?
You can usually cover your RV under your regular automobile insurance policy ; yet , vehicles used for recreation such as RVs carry more risks than regular automobiles .
Several women and men going through a sex change had urged that New Hampshire join California and Washington as the only states to fully cover hormone treatments .
we 'll cover gonzales ' crimes quickly and then i 'm off to bed .
Central Texans used to cover vents and hunker down for at least two months of real winter , January and February .
These cost $ 14.99 at Target .
Therefore , it was announced that the champion would not cover any mares that year , for " undisclosed reasons . "
The EU and / or many National Governments have reciprocal arrangements to cover emergency medical treatment in the USA .
Not only do uninsured drivers add an estimated 30 to every motor policy premium of honest motorists , they can also cost insured drivers thousands if they are involved in an accident with them . "
Lots of half-million dollar motorhomes towing trailers that cost close to what my house cost .
So , how much of the SW US do you think the radiation cloud will cover , genius ?
I would not assume that running my functional vectors with timing would cover any interesting timing cases .
Oil and gas imports cost the country Rs 120,000 crore Rs 1,200 billion annually and the cost of high oil prices for this year is yet to be estimated .
The little rubber seal only cost 50 or so cents .
It 's possible that inns and meals cost much more outside of London , but I would n't count on it .
I cover them with powdered sugar , and pretend they 're little tiny donuts .
But , according to WWF , the areas proposed by Spain for Natura 2000 designation do not cover all critical lynx territory .
I went into a diabetic coma which almost cost me my life .
It cost thirty dollars give or take five bucks .
The demolition cost would be comparatively trivial , and it would cost a builder about $ 600,000 to replace it with a " new , upscale house " of 3,000 square feet .
We have a large park in west Texas called Big Bend , it covers about 1100 square miles , and it sits along the migratory paths of a huge number of bird species .
On my first lap in second qualifying , I had traffic in the first sector and that cost me three tenths ' enough to get through to the super-pole session .
I think Kiev itself will cover 2 - 3 days .
Cornered enemies who suspect they 're going to die anyway might do it out of spite : " If I 'm going down , it 'll cost you 25,000 gp for your friend ! "
Bring foil around pie to loosely cover .
The programme will cover fundraising and sources of funding available , working with venues , marketing , how to develop a great production plan and making sure you are ready for the long - term !
Oranges generally cost more then the free market price due to gvt growing orders .
They reportedly cost Chrysler over $ 100,000 to build admittedly the work is outsourced .
The original bridge was probably rectangular , and had two pearl dots flanking the bridge pins - these actually cover bolts .
MZ I do n't believe that an extended warranty would cover leather .
But the speech does not spell out which provincially set standards it 's referring to , nor whether they will specifically prohibit discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity .
But please learn to spell people 's names before you try to take me on , okay ?
It used to be that the Sawx sucked and the Pats sucked and it was the Celtics that brought home the brass , stolen out of the hands of the likes of the Lakers .
Miraculously , it actually slides in perfectly , sucks it up and I never see it again .
Guest : you suck BlogWarBot : You 're projecting .
Oh , man , this sucks for Riley .
In a stunning , but not - too - surprising , display by a ' Judy ' supporter , we see a two word post with 100 % of the words incorrectly spelled .
Blogger sucks the big one since Google took it over , and you ca n't even solve a simple problem such as blog searches not working if the user , like myself , has the temerity to put his blogs in subdirectories of a server , rather than all in the root .
-LRB- It 's all spelled out in Honda 's service ops manual or HSB 82 - 003 . -RRB-
Is there any better way to spell conflict of interest than a father and son " medical - legal " team publishing studies that support their own work and then using those studies and " evidence " in a court of law ?
wrote : At least the Wollkook managed to spell his last name right .
There 's nothing in Bolling 's biography that he has any marketable skills or trade to make money any other way than to be a career office - seeker who capitalizes on his position to suck money out of the economy .
Many supplements are trend - driven , so if 300m westerners suddenly decide an Amazonian plant is the ticket to shiny hair , it could spell ecological disaster .
I sure like how Google did their IPO , auction style , cutting out the middle men who suck off a lot of money during offerings .
You can go back and google him but I forget exactly how he spelled it .
Unfortunately , the lack of awareness spells disaster .
Bill Wright wrote : I 'd call you Zoe but I ca n't spell umlaut .
It sucked as a day fighter , but was useful as a night fighter .
F. Flowers are bad in hospital rooms because they suck oxygen out of air .
This group sucks and is very selfish in their ways only due to the fact they have no other life than the internets companionship .
I guess it would particularly suck to have a doctor who ignores you while you die . '
John Deere tractors spell freedom and wickedness to me , because when I was a kid and forbidden to start any tractors , we could start it WITHOUT A KEY just by turning the flywheel .
Like , say , ' Those who believe in poltergeists , believe that Cubism sucks , in fact they reject all post-modern art ' ?
The law of the bible clearly spells out that the wages of sin is death .
Also , Sandra Anracht -LRB- I think that 's how you spell her name has some information about Chinese textiles .
This group sucked in 1996 .
Kids learn to read and write and spell at various ages .
As far as it goes , the title of Mr. Craig 's article spells the surname Botetourt without an " e . "
Here 's program you can run -LRB- once or twice , do n't suck my server dry -RRB- that will generate a xml file with polygon data by zip code -LRB- ZCTA -RRB- .
The quality will suck , but some people do it .
i 'm the only one that 's 21 in my hall , it sucks .
Weird like prison love or weird like you spelled video ?
Instead , seven GOP senators gladly endorsed a terrible deal that spells certain defeat for a number of President Bush 's judicial nominees and the rest of his agenda .
The entire country of Canada ca n't spell ?
Then , you click on the highlighted text and it 'll give you correctly spelled options to choose from .
The record is placed on a special machine -LRB- like a big turntable -RRB- a special arm tracks the record whilst it injects a cleaning liquid -LRB- fluid -RRB- into the groove , agitates the dirt within the groove and then sucks all the crap out with a power vacuum , each groove is clean as the arm continues to track .
Being a true Cajun , we love to suck out the remaining mixture and flavor from the outside of the shell .
Further the constitution is a limit on government power which spells out what the government is empowered to do .
For really stubborn styrene you can soak the file in lacquer thinner or acetone overnight .
Just wanted you to know my little boy used the none leaking cups , which he took to very well as they still like to suck at 9 months rather than sip !
It must suck to be unable to turn away when you 're starting to look stupid .
Will you be able to spell then ?
-LRB- or 480i , I think -RRB- Is there any way around this or do I have to suck it up and live with the delay ?
Can you spell Antonov by any chance ?
Put a tablespoon of bleach in a glass of water and soak your NTI in it .
Desires spell disaster , fulfilled or frustrated .
Dear Info , Sorry life sucks for you right now .
Assuming she is nursing well now , and you are not in pain when she sucks ; all you do is move your hand back towards your chest -LRB- not towards her mouth -RRB- .
I 've seen it spelled both ways .
And as my momma used to say , you ca n't spell " US of A " without US !
A partnership , OTOH exists any time 2 or more persons get together for a business venture , whether or not they spell out their rights and duties vs. each other in writing , and whether or not it is intended to be a permanent bond -LRB- like a marriage -RRB- or a one - time joint venture for a particular project .
But in the primary , an impression that Obama wants to invade Pakistan could spell disaster .
They both suck in our cars .
Typing must suck and I bet it 's gon na impact your gripwork in Judo for some time .
Those kind of loans will spell trouble later this year when some borrowers face skyrocketing payments , said Bob Walter , chief economist of Michigan - based Quicken Loans .
In short , IE6 requires widths for the list items -LRB- which sucks . -RRB-
-LRB- Newsprint really sucks .
You of course know that to be true , but you are pretending not to know it because knowing it would spell the end of your ideology , which is much more important to you than truth .
if you are not sure what you can and ca n't send , our site spells out the legal dos and don'ts and gives you the chance to put your views to us .
One that will suck for human inhabitation , that 's for sure .
Theft - proof phones spell disaster for the huge criminal industry that has profited from mobile theft for too long .
Your use of the English language and your ability to spell and construct a sentence is of 2nd grade level .
I need to look into the headers that are being generated at some point , I may have to try and spell out that it 's giving utf8 .
Surely that is all just a yaboo sucks argument from those who oppose the nuclear deterrent at all costs ?
i can spell .
cuz it would totally suck if we died and didnt have to go thru this ...
Even so , you 'll sometimes get an aide on the phone who does n't know anything about the issue so you may have to spell names for them and repeat the message so they get it down clearly -RRB- .
Bottom line : Though the shift could lead to a drop - off in global worms , it still spells trouble .
I always wonder -- is n't the lemonade going to suck if life does n't give you any
The Ogburns used a particular style of rhetoric in ' Star of England ' that is calculated to suck your brains out .
4 . Suck up to the big bloggers .
For some -LRB- you -RRB- , it 's perfectly okay to suck at it !
The DJ -LRB- today GLR told me it was David Hepworth -RRB- had a " rock star spelling competition " -LRB- how do you spell Shakespear 's Sister ? -RRB- , no trouble there .
After Mayer Rothschild died on September 19 , 1812 , his will spelled out specific guidelines that were to be maintained by his descendants : 1 -RRB- All important posts were to be held by only family members , and only male members were to be involved on the business end .
and i am not aware of any other options ' at this time ' except to suck it up and get ready in week 3 to start looking at college talent .
God , but it must suck to be you .
He spells out how Americans -LRB- and Iraqis and Afghanis -RRB- have been screwed by 911 .
wrote : That does suck , but in the case of the chainstays , I wonder if it 'd actually ever be an issue in practice .
It can start by having Alessandro spell his last name right .
Check to see if they 've stuck you in the new search , which seriously sucks .
The basic design of a heat - pipe is very simple : Heat boils a volatile liquid at one end , and it 's condensed at the other .
Only they tripped .
Frankly , I think Raymoan 's notoriously weak writing skills tripped her up again .
Socialism boils down to government 's forcible extraction of assets from earners for redistribution among non-earners -LRB- or to whom - ever officials feel can be persuaded to return the favor via the ballot - box -RRB- .
Take 8 - 10 tulsi leaves , 1 - 2 cloves of garlic , 12 inch piece ginger crushed and 3 - 4 black pepper cones , boil it in 1 cup of water .
Bring broth , potatoes , and bay leaf to boil in large saucepan over medium - high heat .
The drunken idiot tripped over the step .
That 's the dopey mistake that tripped up an Upper East Side accountant charged with stealing $ 4.1 million from a Midtown clothing importer he worked for , authorities say .
On July 26th , two RHR service water pumps tripped on low suction pressure , and Progress Energy declared that loop of the system inoperable .
BTW , though I do n't believe a small engine such as ours could practically boil much water -- that last degree to flash to steam is a killer -- it seems a good idea to distill water drawn from the hot water tank , gaining a good bit of the required BTUs for free .
Twenty years ago he said , " While out fishing I was trying to bring in the net which was quite heavy with fish and I tripped on some rope lying on the deck and fell overboard .
The Cufflink lowers blood pressure , the Wristwatch hard boils an egg if you put one the loop of the band , etc. There are about 100 such Objects .
I tripped watching those guys run off into the sunset .
wrote : I tripped across this load of cabinets in my browsing .
I tripped upon this in my Ebay wanderings .
wrote : ButlerCellars wrote : Chlorine boils off well before water , so I would n't worry too much about that in your tap water .
And in May 1997 the whole of the Labor election manifesto boiled down to : " Things can only get better " .
Alternatively , a stuck caliber could cause the brake on one wheel to drag and so boil the brake fluid after some distance .
You tripped the shutter and the lenses spun .
my blood boiled then I -LSB- ... . -RSB-
What is the 2 element in the monoid M ? I do n't think it should work to substitute an integer if not all integers can be substituted -- it boils down to violating coercion rules .
I think the distinction probably boils down to horsepower and intended use .
I even accidentally tripped it when I locked the car with the window open .
Could it be that the thermal fuse tripped and then reset itself ?
12 days ago the dear boy tripped over my shoes in the front doorway and has been hobbling around ever since .
I was doing my fast walk the other day and started looking at a big bird overhead and tripped over a curb and went down like I 'd been pole axed !
Two similar names tripped me up .
AAA gave me a generic , mumbo - jumbo explanation for the increase which basically boils down to " the rate increase is NOT related to your personal factors ; we are raising everyone 's rates , because of blah blah . "
UPDATE : Jeffrey Feldman boils down the White House perspective : Islamofascism - Bad !
Heat the half cup of maple syrup until it boils and simmer for 5 minutes .
In the post which apparently tripped your trigger , I was merely responding to a poster who asked what was the breach of netiquette in the original post , which I had ignored .
Trip the shutter as you are moving around a bit , like moving the camera left to right because you are talking to your model .
I boiled 'em in beer first and now they 're in a Nesco with butter and more beer and some onions .
My first laptop I tripped on the cable within the 1st 5 minutes I owned it and yanked it off a table and shattered the case .
I was surprised a couple of times when I noticed rather juicy arcs before the input circuit breaker tripped .
I want to simply boil seawater into steam in heat exchangers running off hot exhaust gasses and engine coolant .... making
You say spot diameter dist to moon x wavelength of light mirror size Your formula boils down to spot size lambda / theta , the cone angle .
Water boiled with basil leaves should be taken as a drink , and also used as a gargle to relieve a sore throat Sore Throat remedy using Kantakari -LRB- herbal plant -RRB- The herb kantakari is a valuable in sore throat remedy .
I 'm not prone to foolish assumptions in my genealogical research , being careful to think of things in terms of " balance of probabilities " ; but even I tripped myself up once because of not getting a certificate .
Never try to trim a guinea pig 's teeth yourself !
To make a warding wash , simply boil distilled water into which you have placed a tea ball or cheesecloth full of dried herbs such as basil , rue , cinnamon , or bay , which are known to have protective energies .
The squirrel got into a Hydro substation by squeezing through a fence , climbed onto a piece of equipment , received a severe electric shock and tripped a breaker , said Hydro spokeswoman Elisha Moreno .
Gail landed a forearm blow , then tagged in Young , who worked on Roode until Brooks tripped Young from behind .
- Eat boiled seasonal vegetables , fruits , fruit juices and lemon juice .
It seems to imply that Genesis is compatible with theistic evolution , in which case you statement boils down to Genesis -LRB- particularly the claim that God created the world -RRB- is incompatible with atheism , which would be -LRB- near ? -RRB-
It boils down to skillful stock picking and sectoral allocation .
The idea is to trim the code to the bone and still have it demonstrate the problem .
Actually , though , even this would only happen in a few unusual cases ; the heavy short - circuit current would have immediately blown the fuse or tripped the breaker as the broken wire touched grounded metal .
She tripped over a square root protruding from the erf , and tumbled headlong down a steep gradient .
And there 's no indication that anyone else 's breakers tripped .
It boils down to storing parentid of a response , like Rik explained , using recursive logic .
We shared few classes , and our schedules were different enough for the first three months we hardly tripped over each other running to and from lectures .
Probably cuz it 's finally started to leak freon , and the low pressure switch tripped out .
I never bother to boil or steam veggies on the stove .
Later that day the auto protection tripped again , shutting TXb off .
Boil the lentils for about 20 minutes .
I tripped over it while trying to prep my five - year - old daughter for a visit so that she 'd have a little bit of background of what she was looking at besides wood buildings and a fancy bridge ...
Tell it to Gore , he tried to make a comeback on it till he tripped over his hypocrisy .
wrote : which actually boils down to resolving the killing - your - own - grandpa paradox .
oil 1 teaspoon cardamon powder 1 teaspoon hydrogenated oil -LRB- ghee -RRB- Method : Wash gram dal and boil this with half tea sp. salt and water till it is very soft .
Two years ago when walking Devon alone in the forest , I tripped on uneven ground , which had a stone on it , and fell again and fractured my foot .
They were beaten with clubs , shoved , tripped and generally roughed up by the IOF .
I tripped across this one on the auction site : item 110074404275 He says it " does n't power up " .
So at shut down , without a radiator pressure cap , the engine coolant will easily boil .
He tripped and fell onto the photographer .
In a similar matter it boils down to " free software " vs. " open source " - to the outsider it appears the same , but for the insider ...
They advised Stumpy to boil the sauce again .
This boils down to calculus , so calculus ought to work really well in SAGE .
Someone tripped over the extension cord unplugging the system loosing all data .
OOPS -- tripped myself up in my syntax .
No , that should n't be it , though unfortunately it 's often what creative writing workshops boil down to , mutual ass - kissing .
Makes about 4 - 5 pints of applesauce Shaker Applesauce -LRB- with fresh apples -RRB- 4 pounds apples , peeled and sliced thick 13 gallon cider , boiled down from 1 gallon fresh cider .
The instructions are tie up the fabic with the cords , you can use plain string or rubber bands to isolate colors more or complexify the pattern if you wish , and drop it into simmering salted water then boil covered for half an hour .
The longest English word and other curious words The longest English word : The question of determining the longest English word inevitably boils down to defining what is acceptable as a word , since prefixes / suffixes can be adjoined to words to make longer words and because medical / chemical terms can get arbitrarily long .
young faired well against both 3D members but it came to a screeching halt when Devon tripped Young from the floor and Ray leveled him .
Tried running one of my 60 volt DC motors -LRB- I thought they were 90 volt motors -RRB- with a variac and my setup tripped the breaker in my power bar .
Never tripped that breaker , not even when switching the system on for the first time each fall when the boiler and circulators kick on .
This time motor overloads tripped , quite rightly .
One - pan project except I separately boiled the spuds .
I used guns because this boils down neatly into the gun control debate .
From an old post I wrote back before I mellowed out : The idea of Oxford-as-Shakespeare is driven by the image of what Oxfordians think the writer must have been like .
It mellows me out !
;- -RRB- MCPD I 've tried to mellow a bit .
Finally , I decided that I 'd no longer think that , and that under no circumstances would I ever lull myself into believing it would happen .
He 's going to try to do things to lull you to sleep , so you know you have to stay focused at all times. & quot ;
In essence , this approach makes it much more difficult to localize problems quickly as well as to ensure that all problems related to a change are taken care of .
advertisement Miroslaw Micor , a spokesman for Lodz police , said : & quot ; He studied the trams and the tracks for a long time and then built a device that looked like a TV remote control and used it to manoeuvre the trams and the tracks .
I 'm not sure if it mellows out over the winter , but I do n't think so .
The escaped getting tossed at the last moment and melded back into the crowd. & lt ;
There 's no time to sit and lull on the last game .
Hopefully he mellows out soon in the next couple months .
There are -LRB- I think -RRB- no tunnels , the route is far less congested , and it would mean they would not have to manoeuvre through all the choke points at Southampton Central and Eastleigh .
They expect to have other offices around the world in order to localize the service and launch it globally , he said .
They just do n't meld into the white sauce as well as Velveeta .
I know from experience you can not meld all of these under one roof and expect it to fly .
That is , since the United States was propping up the governments of Egypt , Israel , Jordan , Saudi Arabia , etc. , all of which al-Qaeda wanted to overthrow so as to meld them into a single , Islamic super-state , then it would hit the United States first .
I do n't know that the core of him has changed but most people do mellow out a bit with age .
You started with a high SG so this is probably going to take a while to mellow out .
Leave for a while for the flavours to meld .
He let the steady rise and fall of her breathing lull him off to sleep .
It does tend to mellow out , but it may be a while .
They subconsciously use the more acceptable physicality of the security-forces to lull this sense of repulsion in the public .
Uhhhh , tell us if it mellowed in 10 years or so .
However , I will say , he turned out to be a great dog , and typically mellow like a Golden .
TR Well , I enjoy the different personalities of everyone who 's been on this newsgroup since I 've been here -LRB- except for jollyrogers , who I hope will mellow out after a few years -RRB- , though it is definitely hard to find the time to read long or obscure posts .
Lay back in your stupidity Frayer , luxuriate in it , and ignore the snickers .
And I 'm beginning to get a bit nervous about that , because I 've spent the best part of a sunny day trying to localize an app that ca n't handle localization in a normal way .
And I 've noticed a tendency to meld the adverts into the programmes so it 's difficult to know where one ends and the other begins .
It was through the school 's gay-straight alliance -LRB- GSA -RRB- , now melded into Highland 's social-justice club , that Cara found a home .
But lately , he 's seemed to mellow a bit , and the other day , I actually got to approach him , although he did n't actually let me touch him .
In this way , one can localize the interaction and then apply the causality principle to factor the S-matrix .
The Mahabharata says the gods manoeuvred the nymph Urvashi into trying to seduce Arjuna .
Domestically , the Bushies favor a form of it that melds it with plutocracy .
Or , I could just boil the barley in the beef stock for the alloted 10-12 minutes and add it to the casserole at the end , but I 'd prefer to bake it all together so that the flavors can meld together .
With Russell out of the picture , and no way to meld his three quarterbacks into a single Andrew McCulpepper , Kiffin is looking for a man who can stay away from turnovers .
Another brick in the firewall never hurts -LRB- if it is n't too inconvenient for you personally -RRB- , as long as you do n't allow it to lull you into a false sense of security .
cheers , Niki Niki Kovacs schrieb : Hi , Anyone knows how to localize Seamonkey globally for all users ?
Neutering may mellow him out some in this regard , although there are no guarantees .
Along with other independent types , Simon thought , watching Mal carefully manoeuvre the chair around so he could reach another array of cold-stored vials that he proceeded to poke through .
The escaped getting tossed at the last moment and melded back into the crowd .
When I first discovered the book , I enjoyed how it melds the two in a way that 's new to me .
I 'm not sure how it will age , I 'd say it 'll mellow but that 's just a guess .
Nolan 's big on the experience thing , but do n't forget that Walsh brought in a lot of veterans as well as rookies and he melded them into good teams .
I 'll go take a valium and mellow out now .
This country has to be brought down before they can meld it into the rest of the world .
The source of the buzzing may be difficult to localize .
Only speak to him in public -- and do n't let public charmingness lull you into thinking he 's over it -- if you confront him about his behavior , he may decide to really teach you a lesson , and he may be willing to wait for his chance .
They hired experts to localize the source of the smell , they examined the sewers and I do n't know what .
I 'm still too east coast for many of the folks I deal with , but have been forced to mellow a bit to be accepted in the west .
You 'll mellow out after you 've been here a year or so .
If that were the case , do you think it is better to lull them into a sense of false security , and let them get run-down willy-nilly , or is it better that they stay out of harm 's way until the streets are restored as both desirable safe places to be ? ? ?
Robomoderation is a cop-out to try to lull people into thinking it is not moderation .
Way too many variables to make a sensible judegement , Seems that I felt it mellowed a bit with perhaps a touch of HF rolloff .
I have n't bothered to localize this exactly , but I know from & quot ; strace & quot ; that many processes do a fair bit of locale-checking on their way to execution .
But , with a reliable home sauna opc , one can get value as well as be able to luxuriate in the home .
We 'll see how it mellows .
She mellowed with age and became cuddlier for the second half of her life , which was really nice .
It is going to take some serious time for them to mellow out if they ever do .
They generally rely on the foreign market to localize the properrties .
Then we should manoeuvre and allow him to define his own position , and reject a settlement on the basis of a compromise solution .
There 's no time for the flavors to meld .
But he just melded with everybody .
I 'm getting an education , which I think is important , but I 'll try to mellow out about it .
Not sure if I totally subscribe to Diehl as the LT , you can , make a case that the running game definitely lulled following Luke 's injury , but by the end of the year it had returned if not improved .
When you localize STDOUT , you break that linkage , and so whatever is done to Perl 's STDOUT does n't affect C 's stdout .
However , in seriousness , we will have to get rid of one of 2 or 3 if we ca n't get 2 to mellow out .
The chances of rescuing the squopped wink are low , and the probability that the opposition will be able to manoeuvre themselves into a winning position is high .
The new strings were just beginning to mellow , so it was still a little peaky .
He said ultimately they 're going to have to improve the wages and working conditions to attract legal workers , as well as to mechanize parts of their farming operations .
People worked hard to get things to the way that they are -LRB- and not so long ago -RRB- -- and there is enough growth to lull us into thinking that we 're making a difference .
My kids sleep to the rythm of the road , and they love the sound of the old 6.9 , as it lulls them to sleep .
I ca n't wait til she mellows .
Some people like to mellow their IPAs by letting them sit but IMHO it 's defeating the whole idea of making an IPA .
Of course , if they leave negociation for a month or two , feelings might mellow .
This may not be your problem but it 's something to keep in mind if you are unable to localize the problem using techniques suggested by others .
Invasion melded into occupation ; it was hard to tell the difference , and no one would have known where one ended and the other began if Bush had n't made his trip to the USS Abraham Lincoln .
And now that I 'm back from the dog park , I 'm going to meld with the couch , order from my favorite Italian restaurant and watch football .
Somebody posted this , for instance , related to the recent threads here about & quot ; sieh & quot ; in the monument inscription : & quot ; Note the word & quot ; SIEH & quot ; : most people glide by this and simply say & quot ; sith & quot ; or & quot ; since & quot ; - but that is plainly not the word used , and it is difficult to believe it is a mistake .
& quot ; Toe-kee-o & quot ; Ought to be & quot ; toe-kyoe & quot ; , where both syllables rhyme and have a long vowel -LRB- which is technically & quot ; oh-oo & quot ; but glided together -RRB- ... at
But what happens when it glides to the side of the road ?
That wayne line is a thousand times better than & quot ; I use the microphone like a plummer use a tool & quot ; or & quot ; though I was a donut you tried to glaze me & quot ; but aint nobody trying to call schoolly d or rakim wack .
A driver goads the horses , A driver goads the hero , A driver alerts to danger .
Unfortunately I have to keep selling it every time I find a nice piece , but eventually I 'm going to keep some of it - I like the organic colors , the matte glazes , the & quot ; feel & quot ; of them , and they just look so darn good !
The revelations offered by the New York Times regarding Bush 's pre-invasion decision to go to war no matter what , and his decision to goad Iraq into a war whether or not they posed a threat , passed through the waters of the mainstream media with nary a ripple .
Or perhaps I can use an existing synchronizeable event , but to be blunt the docs for events make my eyes glaze over -- I do n't understand what half of the event types are for .
Santhosh George said it was an exciting experience to glide inside the G-Force vehicle with the co-travellers .
You want to read about the Transat -LRB- another Canadian airline -RRB- Flight 236 which ran out of fuel over the Atlantic , and managed to glide to the only bit of rock poking out of the water - the Azores .
I 'm not looking to gouge anybody , or make a fortune , I 'd just like to get an idea of what a fair garage-sale price would be .
The only reason there 's a problem is because you goad him .
Olive oil not only makes it easier for the blade to glide over your face or legs , but it moisturizes your skin as well .
She felt the fabric of her clothes glide back and forth across her skin as she walked towards him , and imagined they were his hands upon her .
------------------------------- Travis Lake N3094P PWK Hey , if you 're worried , go rent a plane that will glide in a similar manner , and take a good instructor too .
We encourage all of you to continue to glide with pride , be good and responsible Segway citizens , find opportunities to glide with your friends , and continue a long and successful life in the Segway community .
It really reduced the amount of wear on the nib and it glides over the surface .
Quite regularly , & quot ; my eyes glaze over & quot ; when I read polysyllabic discourse on the themes of poststructuralism and postmodernism ; what I understand is largely truism or error , but that is only a fraction of the total word count .
House Democrats set their strategy as Adm. Michael Mullen , President Bush 's choice to become the next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , glided through his confirmation hearing at the Senate Armed Services Committee .
That 's $ 6725 BEFORE the dealer gouges you .
He pointed out that if I was to suffer an engine failure at any time after passing the numbers downwind and not be able to glide to the runway , if I did n't die in the crash he 'd kill me for embarrassing him !
As Northeastern glided like a giant pedagogical battleship toward the end of its second century , there came a sneak attack from the employment sector .
Her eyes gleamed .
If your tool work is good , you do n't need a finish as it will gleam like a mirror just from the rubbing of the bevel .
What I can find is that the pilot must make a very fast determination on whether to attempt to enter an auto-rotation state , or attempt to glide to a landing .
The door in the next room is closed , but when he pushes it , it glides open .
I 'm not trying to goad you into an argument , just curious about it .
Bigfoot never left tracks in the mud and glided across the groung .
I was watching the movie Winged Migration the other night and was surprised to find that Swans do n't glide -LRB- except for landing -RRB- .
But markets took some heart from the warning signs , hoping that they would goad the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates more .
I have an old cradle , actually a glider because it does n't rock , it glides back and forth .
Sometimes I like to mention myself in the third person , to underscore the attitude of greatness Mostly , though , the self-mockery is too much of a personal joke , so I stick to trying to goad you .
Unfortunately there are a lot of books that seem to just glide over these important design fundermentals .
And I glad to see that for once you let those trvths glide by without comment .
So one might be tempted to conclude that the airplane may be able to glide father , which is why I suspect you asked the question in the first place .
Yes , these can be complicated issues that lead to tune-out , what TV producers call the ' Mego Effect & quot ; -- & quot ; my eyes glaze over. & quot ;
It was fun to watch him glide back up through the field to be able to fight the HMS teams after the yallar line penalty .
What do you mean that it Glides ?
cool or it 'll glaze and you 'll have to have it re-hatched .
the last time he was driving home with his trailer in tow when he just glided to a stop .
course , we know that in this world , that job of warrior will never be done - as the postwar period ever glides seamlessly into the new prewar period . -RRB-
Engine failure in the gyro : You glide down in an autorotation and land .
It 's like the clipped-wing Cubs -- does n't glide very well .
With the other candidates marginalized the two of them will glide through most of the primaries with plenty of money ready to do real damage in the general election .
It is part of my pysche that people are differant all over the world , and that we should ' live and let live ' and celebrate these differances , so it goads me somewhat to witness what is almost hate speech , from anybody to anybody else , hence Ian the nature of my reply to you .
They are n't supporting whatever as much as trying to goad me , but it 's as close as the nutter will ever get to support . The irony of life is that , by the time you 're old enough to know your way around , you 're not going anywhere .
He points to the power-driven metal stretcher that glides out at an incline .
Unlike the hardworking staff of Texas Instruments we are rather simple bunnies and and our eyes glaze over in the full glare of techno babble .
Needless to say , this means that Richardson is still , after 5 years , sitting on his hands waiting for someone else to do his work for him , while shamelesasly trying to goad others into this by preposterous bluster .
If your point is that it was done to goad Japan into declaring war , you might be right , but the proximate cause was Japan 's invasion of French Indochina , followed by the random slaughter of all the civilians they could get their hands on .
There would be a charioteer , and he , in those ancient times , in order to goad the horses to pull the chariot , would make a sound like ra .
Truth is a torch that gleams through the fog without dispelling it .
I suppose one consolation is that a not-insignificant number of people do n't understand the difference between million and billion anyway , so any story that has big number in it just makes their eyes glaze over .
The aircraft would be able to hold altitude on two engines and even if all four failed , the aircraft will glide .
The V-22 ca n't glide as well as an airplane , and it ca n't hover as well as a helicopter .
There 's only so many times one can through a piece of work of one 's own without having one 's eyes glaze over or vomiting .
Their ability to glide makes it easier to find what they need .
I would like the page to glide into a new position .
No ? I 'm just guessing here , but is n't the point behind the downward slope to the cylinder to keep pilots who are below the floor from having to glide all the way to the airport to get a finish ?
She stood up and glided toward the door , turning only once she was there .
Last year , he goaded Bill Clinton into an angry outburst during a discussion of Osama bin Laden .
So , in order to get the film they want , all the Arabs have to do is goad some teenager and then film his reaction .
The pilot was attempting to glide to the FDL runway .
You can actually throw the thing and it will glide right out of the box with no ballast .
Yes , these can be complicated issues that lead to tune-out , what TV producers call the ' Mego Effect -- my eyes glaze over .
That 's a difference of $ 7195 BEFORE the dealer gouges you .
But they would have to be patient as Iain Hume 's long-range effort glided over the bar minutes after the restart .
And even so , if you refinish it , do n't get carried away and make it gleam like a mirror .
If you know the terrain , it 's obvious that you can glide around the mountain and land in the notch on the other side .
They just glaze over and the night will end up rather subued .
At length , however , the lid was raised , but just as she was about to replace the parchment in the chest , a figure glided silently from a dark corner of the window-seat and confronted her .
With a series of approaching bangs , the slack is pulled out of the couplers between the cars , and the car begins to glide -- surprisingly noiselessly -- away from the passenger platform .
The tragedy would be that in the end , the U.S. may goad Iran in to a real nuclear weapons program .
Henare goaded Mallard , Mallard gave him a bit of a push or a slap or the like .
Also said to fertilize it opne time a month .
& quot ; In order to actually have an effect on the atmospheric concentration of CO2 , the results suggest a future need to fertilize vast areas , & quot ; Oren said .
One called JB Weld is very good for this -- it flexes just a bit .
The key to the Max Flite and the Ritchey Steem are the rail attachment points that allow for the saddle to flex about 10-20mm .
Wait until they show the first signs of growth , and then only fertilize very lightly for the first year of growth , Bag the bagworms If you have any narrow-leaf evergreens such as Junipers , check them for bagworm pouches .
You 'd see the tubes , and they would have to flex to get to the lid .
So what is the best way to do this , how much of the schedule is predetermined and not subject to any flexibility , and how much is allowed to flex on the fly , with an effort to result in the best outcome for all , as much as that can be determined ?
Mechanics who helped hot-wire any car that could be found to ferry people out of the City .
In spring and summer you might fertilize more often , but once a month is fine right now .
You could also flex things carefully and see if there are differences between the right and left side while doing so .
As mentioned previously , the ADL has been around for some time , it has exposed itself in the past , when it was found guilty of defamation in a case involving a couple that allegedly cast some anti-Semitic aspersions on a Jew that had nothing to do with the organization , the ADL flexed its muscle and went after the couple , smearing them and attacking their reputations .
It looks like he 's just trying to flex his muscles , for the purpose of his own political survival .
At least then there is some strength in the car and it is less likely to flex .
though they fixated on political hook-ups .
Whatever you decide to do with it , remember that the roots on the keiki need to be watered and fertilized the same as the entire plant .
The productivity is caused by the amount of minerals in the water -LRB- which fertilizes the algae , which is eaten by plankton , which feeds the fish ... and
It flexes , but ca n't be bent to a fixed angle .
I 'm referring to a genre of Mexican cinema in the 40s50s which fixated on the Mexico City aristocracyhigh bourgeoisie during the Porfiriato , complete with corsets and happy darker skinned servants , just like in the European modes of the time .
I do n't care how the chain looks as long as it still flexes freely and does what it should do .
Why do you expect a government to value human life and to inculcate a sense of value for human life at home , when that same givernment exterminates hundreds of thousands simply to flex political muscles ?
Allegedly , it flexes to reduce the amount of air going under the car , reducing the downforce and drag from the aero package at high speeds .
-LRB- And the person who came up with that & quot ; Betta in a vase & quot ; thing should be shot -- Betta supposedly eats the plant roots and the Betta waste fertilizes the plant in a closed cycle .
Fertilize it , and cut the watering back to not much more than once a week .
It was n't really until the 1980s that the history began to be re-invented , so if only we 'd let Sylvester Stallone flex his muscles , we could have gone back and won the war .
try to relax and not fixate on her .
Next is the rectus abdominis , which flexes the spine .
But i suspect that you will be able to flex them better .
I had planned to fertilize her ovaries .
I appretiate anyone who can flex , simply because I want us to have as many players as we can !
You do n't want a board to flex all the time .
Now it 's Ritha who ferries passengers back and forth across the river , past the ruins of bridges that used to be heavy with traffic .
The Soviet Union also flexed its anti-satellite capabilities in the 1980s .
In such a situation , I fixate on the rear wheel of the guy ahead of me , and I WILL IT to come back to me .
If you can use the car with the pcb accessible , then gently flex the board in various directions to see if you can make the fault come and go .
I also need to fertilize it as well .
This is probably the most important time of year to fertilize a lawn -LRB- most grass roots continue to grow throughout the winter . -RRB-
I used to fixate on certain things and it was explained to me that , because I show certain symptoms of OCD -LRB- there is also a big family of history of OCD -RRB- , even though it is not sufficient to warrant a diagnosis and meds , the hypermania will tend to aggravate it .
The only drawback is that it flexes a bit in torsion , requiring an impact wrench to reseat the rod .
One of the worst things a shy person can do is fixate on one person .
Personally , I 'd like to see America flex her freedom muscles , her economic-rights-for-all biceps and her justice-for-all pects , you know ?
Five years later it 's starting to hurt when she flexes her hand .
Only the most OCD would fixate on that issue .
A sheriff 's van was even used to ferry police officers to the scene from the Criminal Justice Center , where they had been testifying in other cases .
Desperate to feed their families , they could not afford to let their land lie fallow or to fertilize it .
Step 1 would be to bounce up and down on the plywood and see if it flexes in the middle .
like to get another year out of my set , I really like it , but the lines at the top are starting to bother me as I seem to fixate on it , and have made it my mission to resolve myself .
The other thing that can be done is to put the header under stress and warm up the pipes near the engine one by one to a red heat and that will cause them to flex a bit and take a new shape .
The female leads a string of eggs as the male fertilizes them from above .
Conversely , if the ovum is lower , the faster chromosome will reach the ovum before the slower one and it will have a chance to fertilize the egg .
And while he flexed his military muscles in the Middle East , Bush made it clear that he had no intention of a entering into a military conflict with North Korea , famously cutting America 's troop presence in South Korea and pulling troops back from the border with North Korea .
It 's unlikely to fail at the midsection , and if it is able to flex there , is less likely to fail at the elbow .
and it flexes between your teeth before you push through , and into it , the inside ho , and quite gooey .
Wind flexes wing , which also flexes fuselages , erg --- cracks .
If you must fertilize it , wait til next year .
I 've seen EZs fly with only 2s on the stock motor and the wing still flexes like crazy .
IIRC - he fixated -LRB- as did others -RRB- on the increased prob of landfalling hurricanes in the US .
Nick Spalding All of which leads to a question : You 're a helo pilot , a slim and short one , an ex-jockey or something , and you have to ferry a supersized giant of a man to somewhere for a stomach-stapling operation .
Just the other day a neighbor wanted to know if the tree was & quot ; plastic & quot ; ; -RRB- I told him & quot ; no & quot ; , I just watered it alot and fertilized the soil .
The workout flexed every muscle in my body , and for the first time in my life , I felt extraordinary .
As someone who has been writing about theocratic politics for many years , I can say that no one has ever done anything remotely like this and that I think its long overdue for the blogopshere to flex its muscles more knowledgeably , articulately and collectively in response to the theocratic politics of our time .
Methinks that the headline news piece here is that Pelosi wants a military aircraft or Air Force Two with which to ferry her around .
In the past , besides killing her mates when they tried to fertilize , she 's also eaten all the eggs .
they mow the grass and fertilize at the same time , only problem is if you dont watch it , you can step in their droppings .
The creature flexes its muscles obliterating the bandages .
Because there is a small moment due to the off-axis pushrod , the arm itself could flex .
He never ceases writing that he is overthrowing thrones and altars , that he fertilizes the peoples , that he is the prophet of humanitarianism ... & quot ;
This time , he fertilized as well , but it was no use : they all died , just as the first batch had .
You seem to be able to only remember and fixate on one , which is exactly how propaganda works , 2pid .
Wind flexes wing , which also flexes : fuselages , erg --- cracks .
The mutualising point of this part of the battle is to divide up the area where they were born into the best number of breeding areas within which to fertilize and lay their eggs .
I have found that if I go through all the wires , and flex them at the connection , that eventually I will get it started .
You having all this time to fixate , obsess and libel me on a daily basis .
Did you see the way the MDO flexed ?
Fertilize me with your seedfoundation , Captivate me with your presence .
And only one fertilizes an egg.To
If you pressurize this tank and depressurize the tank , it will flex and if not made very strong will fatique and crack .
This is also why it 's good to flex and pose in front of the mirror.a
with the family at the table for a planned mealtime -RRB- than when eating alone , as often occurs when children graze over the course of the day , Lumeng says .
The goal is not to eliminate the tensions , but to harmonize them with each other .
In the most recent attacks -- which occurred in the past two nights -- the women were walking from the Rosslyn Metro station when a man approached them , and groped them from behind .
Llamas are efficient digesters and usually one horse will graze about as much a 5-7 llamas .
Well if I did n't have this group to gush to , that might be true. .
& quot ; We get to eat whenever we want to eat , & quot ; Kiarre gushed .
At least they are honest and dont attempt exegetic contortions to harmonize their ludicrous dogmas with reason .
& quot ; I might have my own TV show coming up hopefully if everything goes right , you know , and also just to do a bit of TV presenting and stuff , & quot ; she gushed .
I think the Buck lost interest , because he continued his saunter into the Desert area to graze .
they have nothing else to worry except about cows who graze on the wrong side of the boarder ? ? ?
The only thing that will take you home is the return current of the Light and Sound and the way that you harmonize with the current is by practicing the Zikar .
Oh , Papa , & quot ; gushed the daughter , & quot ; it 's going to be so hard leaving mother. & quot ;
in a life span of a 100 yrs is it poss for me to grope and know the ultimate ?
The conservator will look at your piece and see what has to be worked on , what can be left alone , and harmonize the work to make it appear whole .
It can be fun to see where the herd grazes , but the nourishment is bound to be thin .
But , the blackbeetles took no notice of the agitation , and groped about the hearth in a ponderous elderly way , as if they were short-sighted and hard of hearing , and not on terms with one another .
Okay , so he liked to gush , but then so did Barrett , whose sonnets he is n't up to , either .
4-2-1 Was it not enough for you to graze on the best pasture , that you had to trample the rest of your pasture with your feet ?
Ed Willey died on the same day his wife Kathleen Willey claimed Bill Clinton groped her in the oval office in the White House .
He gushed at how happy the Madison area was to get a Wal-Mart and Sam 's and hoped that the retailer would be building more in the area , which , of course , it was soon to do .
I did n't hang , did n't pester , did n't gush .
Try to make it harmonize .
Monty Sharma has tried to harmonize perfection with bunch of new talents -LRB- Shail Hada and Parthiv Gohil -RRB- .
I also like their voices , and think they harmonize well .
I know someone who used 10W40 and it gummed up her engine and ruined it .
If either of them were on the stage in New Hampshire today , full of sweet words about the war , would you be as quick to praise their & quot ; independence , & quot ; to gush about how well of course I would n't vote for him myself but he sure is awesome anyway ?
The floor area of the water tower is irrelevant , or , if you prefer , insignificant compared to the area that the groat can gaze -LRB- or , indeed , the area that the goat can graze -RRB- .
As long as the belief structure harmonizes with the environment , the decisions made will be good .
the Ka'bah -RRB- , and that the first water to gush forth from it was Zamzam .
In most cases , this means you 're actually eating the fruit of the plants , rather than getting down on your hands and knees to graze on the green stuff .
A company without a mission only gropes in the dark .
So as we slowly grope our way toward civil war in Iraq , it 's a good time to look back and reflect on what really happened to us , and why we should never do anything this stupid again .
As a child of eight he used to accompany his father to the bir to graze cattle late in the evenings .
On the downside , however , I am now prone to gush a bit about how happy I am with this new person in my life .
she gushed , with a wink and a nod .
974a , 6626a , and 6626 , is to harmonize them and give effect to each when it is reasonable to do so .
You are either an American unaware of it or a Latino who gropes still for a comparison that simply does not exist .
I know someone who used 10W40 and it gummed up her engine and ruined it. & quot ;
Inara smiled as Kaylee gushed over the materials .
The Asantehene , who was accompanied by the Omanhene of Juabeng , Nana Otuo Siriboe , said unless Africans realised the importance of their tradition and used it to address their situation , they might continue to grope for solutions in foreign cultures , which might not necessarily be the answers to their problems .
The project will introduce a range of large herbivores -LRB- Heck cattle , bisons , Konik poneys -RRB- to graze 350 hectares as a wooded pasture .
He always looks like a kid in a too-big suit , sitting on a booster seat , but at least he does n't gush over the dancers .
Some of them harmonize with each other , although not always well .
you left out Timmie 's client , Stuie & quot ; Fast Hand & quot ; Suster , who groped his patients , male and female .
I saw the tears gush into the eyes of the old , grave , Pacific Quakers of Philadelphia. ' & quot ;
If she wants everyone to gush over the baby , but it 's a closed adoption and you do n't want to get close to a baby you 'll really never see again , then also do what is most comfortable for you .
It is also possible that the missing details would make it even more difficult to harmonize the accounts .
After relaxing and being able to harmonize our minds with our breaths , we can observe the arising of the breath through inhalation , and the perishing through exhalation , Upon further observation we can see that the inhalation itself has arising and perishing and so does exhalation , Upon further investigation we can see that there are many , many , many arisings and perishings that make up one single breath .
Until now you 've had to grope through your v-mail by ear , blindly , like an eyeless cave-creature .
During his time with Halimah 's family in the desert , Muhammad -LRB- pbuh -RRB- played with her children and together they would take the sheep out to graze .
it 's oozing a little , it will gush -RRB- , and pedo usually get Clearfil SE .
The article said that in this case it just gummed up the whole works of the system and caused much more harm than good .
The crops have died , there is no place to graze cattle , people can not collect firewood in the project area and the handpumps yield foul , yellowish water .
Just as Soros had predicted , 1992 brought a financial crisis to Westernsimply , no one had done as well for so long in the financial markets as17 The Worlds Greatest Investorhad no reason to graze with the herd downtown .
Thanks in advance , Rick There are so many ways to harmonize that scale .
Sandman & quot ; should be a cinch to harmonize to .
Maybe that 's because you have a rep for taking it as an invitation to grope .
the positive comments are like a tidal wave and he 's trying to keep his finger in the dike while the water gushes all around him .
To help it stay warm and have enough of a digestive system to nourish itself on the low-protein and low-cal sea greenery it grazes on for its survival .
it does actually say that he groped her , of which there is no evidence that there is .
If you do n't use the tracker , everybody has to grope in the dark .
that was sad. . he squared i do n't know many times and did n't even graze the ball once. .
I saw the tears gush into the eyes of the old , grave Quakers of Philadelphia. ' & quot ;
He did not think that if the reforms to which he alluded were carried , it would be necessary to get rid of it , but he would maintain that if it did not harmonize with the constitution of the empire , it ought to be got rid of .
What 's the relationship between the area of grass the goat can reach to graze on and the floor area of the water tower ?
& quot ; We 've spent a whole week together , & quot ; she gushed .
While Gayoom 's government has been widely criticized for human rights abuses , earlier this year Careem gushed that he was & quot ; impressed with the humanity shown to prisoners. & quot ;
Start with them and harmonize the scale in parallel motion and you might find some sounds that you like over : B7b9 , D7b9 , F7b9 , Ab7b9 , Cdim7 , Ebdim7 , Gbdim7 and Adim7 .
Sometimes they leave alot of room at the top of the tank , others fill it til it gushes out of the filler neck .
The first meeting , in Texas , launched a partnership in which the countries have tried to harmonize their security and economic programs .
A hole opened in the bottom of the river , and water began to gush up .
When you try to tackle somebody who is doing their utmost to evade you , there is a chance that your fingers might graze across their facemask .
To the south , a bank of clouds pressed close to Wall Street and grazed the top of Freedom Tower .
Aside from distributors I ca n't think of anything that interchanges between big and small block Chevy .
3.5 Decommission 3.6 Interchanges 3.6.1 SPUI 3.6.2 What is the longest distance between interchanges ?
Which if he jumbles to one line of sense , .
And the house of Jacob shall be a fire , and the house of Joseph a flame , and the house of Esau for stubble , and they shall kindle in them , and devour them , and there shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau , for Jehovah has spoken it .
Are you talking about formica , as in the formica they laminate to make counter-tops ?
That devmapper left comments in fstab which interchanged sda ?
As per the agreement , India is taking steps to interlock our armed forces with that of the United States in the name of ' inter-operability . '
wrote : a lot of people are saying the 6 cyl and v8 will interchange transmissions , but the tranny will be weaker .
Nothing else interchanged till later in the war , the hybrid Mk.IIIIV was done , that tried to combine the best of the two , but this should have been done in 1936 , not 1942 A Standardized Mk IIIIV would really have done 90 % of the Nazis Tank needs for the entire war , much like the Sherman ATL Barbarossa has its own problems .
And so , we can see that socialism is the attempt to intertwine the customs , traditions and values of a society with an autocratic governing structure resulting in a sort of atheistic theocracy .
Depending on the application , it might make sense to intertwine the app with the server .
Its power was to kindle the hearts of the people 's of Middle-earth .
if you record to a 122B at 3 34 , you can not interchange tapes with a Fostex at 3 34 because they do n't have the same equalization .
That 's why you keep getting them interchanged , by calling them the same .
& quot ; But it 's not airtight , it does n't interlock , so maybe they need more. & quot ;
It is horrible that people intoxicate themselves with drugs and pills to cope or deal with problems , when they can just as easily be cured NATURALY by hypnosis in just one session .
ATFFFIQ --------------------------------------------------------------------------- --- & quot ; The flames kindled on the fourth of July , seventeen hundred and seventy six , have spread over too much of the globe to be extinguished by the feeble engines of despotism. & quot ; -- Thomas Jefferson On Mon , 12 Sep 2005 10:01 : 03 -0500 , WRoberts & lt ; wrobe ...
The Beltane celebration should begin on April 30 at SUNset , as SUNset is the proper time to kindle the great Bel-fires on the tops of the nearest beacon hill .
It 's going to be a milestone in componentry that does n't interchange well or at all .
That 's exactly what I had to do when I had docs that regularly withheld a few days and then jumbled them all together on a series of tapes .
Three countries : Russia , the United States and Vietnam , intertwined in a complex page of history , brought together in a mission to make the world more secure .
She also explained how motherhood is a big part of her life and how it intertwines with her profession .
You shall kindle no fire in any of your habitations on the sabbath day .
when i interchange the board the problem is also interchanged .
luck , To the best of my knowledge , the Original Oneway Chuck and the Oneway Talon are the only chucks on which the jaws will interchange with the NOVA Chucks .
There is a me , though , if you jumble it up . '
Now it is time to kindle the Fire .
Tony Palmer 's innovation in making this film is that he intertwines the music of the time , the aftermath of the Summer of Love , and the beginning of the peace movement with the violence that is going on in the world .
If you never interchange the piece of rolling stock to another railroad , then you do n't have to worry about it .
I do n't know about the steering box , but many parts from mustangs will interchange .
This interlocked with the Thyssen-owned Bank voor Handel en Scheepvaart -LRB- BHS -RRB- in the Netherlands , which represented Thyssen 's German interests .
Yes , probably several times and it was just as bad today but with no thunderstorm to knot it up as the last time I was through there .
This is from their website : UU Prophets The Young Adult Prophets Project is an effort to reclaim radical Unitarian , Universalist and Unitarian Universalist history and kindle the UU legacy of social justice .
I think you got x and y interchanged .
All three of them conducted a similar conversation and inquired about who & quot ; Axiang & quot ; is .
You have to knot the shirt at the spine , Hooter 's waitress-style , so the dog does n't keep tripping over a saggy hem .
Traditional Haudenosaunee intertwine their existence with existentialism .
I think it 's supposed to kindle the fires of the Imagination ...
The Disciples ' Reluctance to Visit Vimalakirti -LRB- snip for space sake -RRB- & quot ; Lord , such was my conversation with the Licchavi Vimalakirti , and therefore I am reluctant to go to that good man to inquire about his illness. & quot ;
Your mind intoxicates me !
In the film he intertwines the lines of seven characters as they go through their daily routines in a racism-invested Los Angeles .
We are each other in many ways and can interchange .
IDBI and SBI interchanged their positions .
It seems to jumble state and federal law , but so what ?
The Beltane celebration should begin on April 30 at sunset , as sunset is the proper time to kindle the great Bel-fires on the tops of the nearest beacon hill .
The team and its third-string goalie then took the rest of the period off , allowing the Wave to knot the game , with the equaliser coming with just 12 ticks left on the clock .
The Palestinians will go on self-destroying and nobody even knows that we helped kindle the fire .
& quot ; It would n't surprise me if Mitt , when he knots his ties in the morning and looks in the mirror , does n't ...
Careful who you intertwine with , right , Orazio ?
a lot of people are saying the 6 cyl and v8 will interchange transmissions , but the tranny will be weaker .
IDBI and Reliance Energy interchanged their positions .
Just the thought of Epi coming up with anything useful , knots my knickers .
Charles Chevrolet wrote : a lot of people are saying the 6 cyl and v8 will interchange transmissions , but the tranny will be weaker .
Its power was to kindle the hearts of the people 's -LSB- sic -RSB- Are you sure you did n't write this yourself , Art ?
More information at http : www.talkaboutautos.comfaq.html Auto dismantlers will know better : They have a book or software to tell them what interchanges .
And for the record , I refuse to inquire as to the nature of the alleged & quot ; acrosticanagram , & quot ; being content to let R. Kennedy continue to live in his self-congratulatory fantasyland .
Dear Friends , To share the journey of NEEV with all of you has always been a very rewarding experience for me , one because I get the occasion to talk to myself and secondly I get the occasion to intertwine my personal journey with the journeys of all my friends .
I was following the Blog and Marshal 's album , it was a wonderful experience , and it kindles my desire to go to VOF soon .
MHz CW Callsign : K5USL TLM and CW interchange every 30 seconds .
Perhaps you can intertwine business and home interests in an interesting way .
Crushed stone will tend to interlock and stay on the surface , at least for a few years .
Let them kindle a flame of their own .
So did I , simply because I used to have a Studebaker Golden Hawk , so it was good to know what parts interchanged with more common makes , e.g .
I 'm going to have to amend it to add this last hospitalisation , and then i am going to laminate the whole thing .
Holy Prophet -LRB- peace be upon him and his progeny -RRB- said : & quot ; Surely , the month of Ramazan has been named so because it scorches away the sins. & quot ;
This rose water can be used to scent the body and hair and as & quot ; holy water & quot ; in works of Faery Magick .
Fulvic can similarly scavenge heavy metals and detoxify pollutants. & quot ;
Phaeton : The name Phaeton is found in Ovid , Metamorphoses , Book 2 . Phaeton is the son of Phoebus Apollo who insists on driving his father 's chariot , only to scorch the earth and fall to his death .
No need to scavenge a piece off the old box .
If it scorches the surface and smells like a dentist 's office or burning hair , it 's the real thing .
Anyway , you could check with some local charities to see if they 'll let you scavenge through their discards before they get rid of them .
wrote : Would n't you be able to scent your wax woils ?
If you reduce more than that -LRB- or scorch the wort , as I did -RRB- , then you can get into some really interesting flavors , some of which might be described as soy sauce .
But , anti-oxidants scavenge these free radicals before they can cause damage .
I knew it was the wrong time of year to plant grass , but I was impatient so I seeded it anyway .
and at times we were omnivores , but usually only if there was already a KILL , then we scavenged what we could .
Surt , carrying a sword that blazes like the sun itself , will scorch the earth .
So I made the monkey appear to scavenge on the ground , in the gutter .
LA scavenges hydroxyl radicals , hypochlorous acid , peroxynitrite , and singlet oxygen .
Seed his own racespecies ... .
From what I remember , the randart code seeded the randomised artifacts from & quot ; scores & quot ; of the original artifacts , but there was a rounding down process each time it happened , and the subsequent seedings were based on the new scoreset each time , instead of the original .
Because it appears that the DOJ has nothing new to say , the plan will be to scorch the jury pool by raising the temperature on the story .
Continue cooking , whisking constantly , until roux is dark red-brown , about 3-5 minutes -LRB- be careful not to let it scorch in the pan or splash on you -RRB- .
While feeding the deworming food , I stopped giving the corys pellets and left them to scavenge deworming food too .
you now scent an opportunity to run with the pack , because your ideas , jejune , silly , and based on Swedenborg 's nonsense as they are , were like most of the fine words expressed here , nearly all of the noble sentiments , mere ghosts in the machine , ghosts that is to say of a lost humanity .
The information age would n't be possible without a large number of programmers , and it 's that large number of CBM machines that seeded the first great wave of programmers into the marketplace .
It seems that piezoelectrics could also be used to scavenge the energy of bodily motion .
it 's good to be prudent , but a 75W iron should n't scorch anything - it 's supposed to be the same temperature as the 25W iron .
The truth that the Dalits of this country still scavenge the waste of the upper castes who consume but are not ready to deal with the consequences of their consumption .
Fw : Seed this crowd with some BESTies .
Bake for 1 to 1 12 hours , turning the peppers from time to time so they do not scorch .
All anti-inflammatory drugs tested were able to scavenge .OH
some sentience beyond our own -LRB- or perhaps that we are a part of , but subservient , unawares -RRB- that at least seeded all this .
I hold it about 2-3 inches above the paper and wave it back and forth or in a circular motion so as not to scorch the paper .
With the idea that high fluoridation scavenges aluminum .
Also scent the posts with a catnip tea .
Some of the stuff that experts say about other experts would scorch paper .
I was actually hoping to scavenge the TEDs for some busted Plus4s .
Both will scorch you .
wrote : If you had to make the enchilada sauce from scratch , that 's no big deal either , just soak dried chiles overnight , or take fresh chiles and de-seed and de-vein them , scorch them in a frying pan with some oil , then stick them in a blender and puree them .
Be sure to bury it as deep as you can because a local animal might be able to scent it and dig it up .
We probably are not going to find the prokaryotic progenitors of the eukaryotic cyanobacteria here on Earth , but we have a good chance of finding the progenitors on Mars if they ever existed there , thus telling us which planet seeded the other .
& quot ; To scorch a panel of wood , it is not necessary to remove the old finish with chemical removers , since the blowtorch will burn the finish loose and it can be scraped off with a putty knife .
Years ago I acquired a box of aftermarket devices a bit like this , to scavenge for parts .
His mother seeded him with enough money to buy some things to get his life started up again .
Any number of speeds is fine , since you 're only going to scavenge the biggest cog or cogs .
It will be my 10th and final farewell and I will scorch you with what I will have to say about the lot of you .
wrote : The information age would n't be possible without a large number of programmers , and it 's that large number of CBM machines that seeded the first great wave of programmers into the marketplace .
No wonder so much of the world seethes that only Americans can vote for the next president of the United States .
I know I will get flack here but I think they did and we need to segregate our schools again .
But , when I shade the arc with the cup so I ca n't see it , then the surface of the work gets much more visible .
It diverts the carbon from the land , does not sequester carbon , but puts it back into the atmosphere. , and mines the soil of micronutrients .
Also , we have adaptors for the LCD screens that shade the sun out so that you can actually SEE what you are shooting ...
Once she does come home , we are going to segregate her from the other cats for a couple of days so that she has the recuperation time that she needs to get over this .
harbours all over the world , to sequester the mineral deposits for the future .
Trees need various things in order to survive and you will need to take care of them if they are to shade you from the sun for years to come .
I gave them a web address to segregate any spam .
-LRB- Apryl N Paris -RRB- wrote : What I was stating was that I had seen a post that had ONLY that line in it , -LRB- and the probability that a person would state on two different occasions that they had never heard of it before , and that be all , seeded odd to me -RRB- It would only be odd if it had been posted by the same person , which it was not .
The next thing to do is to segregate him from the rest of the household at nite .
In the end , after five wars and two intifadas , the Palestinians still seethed .
I 've also read where you should bring a new cat into the house in a slow process , by keeping them sequestered in their own room for a while , letting the first cat get used to the smells , etc. This could be a problem for me , since I live in an apartment .
I do n't know if it 's a good idea to segregate your content -- better to provide all listeners with as many ways to listen as possible .
In my case , I would like to be able to shade an entire state then reduce the opacity for selected counties .
analysts seeded it with hundreds of articles from nonclassified documents like the C.I.A .
I seethe now each time I hear one of these promos .
IF there was true freedom in this country , we 'd have the freedom to integrate OR segregate .
So we brought him home and sequestered him in the back bedroom until he could get his strength and get to know us .
ExxonMobil and others are teaming up with the European Union to assess the viability of geological carbon storage , based in part on our experience in the North Sea Sleipner gas field , where we 've sequestered one million metric tons of CO2 each year since 1998 .
wrote : I knew it was the wrong time of year to plant grass , but I was impatient so I seeded it anyway .
The KJV , however , segregates these books between the Testaments .
REG has proposed and I have agreed that we will try to segregate our Uploads this way : RMU 1 : Opera Files only .
But I do n't believe that the answer is to segregate them ...
You need to find a way to shade THE POTS , but not THE PLANTS .
Lacking any reason to believe that this is so -LRB- or to trust one distro over another -RRB- it would be prudent frst to use an XP partition manager , so as to segregate and unpartition enough drive space -LRB- say 5 to 10 Gb -RRB- to instal a full-featured Linux distro .
I still would like to thank the person who did the upload and those very few who seeded my download .
Daniel seethed .
On a side note , I understand that the other cats were n't happy that we had to sequester Odessa in the bedroom the night before we took her in .
It clearly segregates the IE stuff and does n't obsess about it - and frankly , I absolutely need to know how to accommodate IE for reasons stated above .
Look for the left to seethe .
However , it is extremely difficult , if at all possible , to shade such clouds conviencingly , if that is needed .
That as long as they live in a non-Islamic society , they must segregate themselves , avoid cordial relations with non-Muslims , and prepare for the day when they can seize state power and enforce the Islamic Order .
The question is , which one seeded the other ?
The newsgroups are free and open to all , and to try to segregate the aus.photo group is very discriminating .
Shoaepane seethed with anger as she told her story .
They use tactics to segregate people so that they can have votebanks .
This afternoon , we were dismayed to find that the trees that used to shade the spring have been removed .
They also seeded the seed of trouble for many generations to come .
In a 75g , you might not even need to sequester the males away from the alpha JD , but do n't count it ; -RRB- Anyways , just my opinion , and everyone has one .
This is the United States of America and I am proud of that fact , but I do not segregate another race for any cause .
Now while COD4 looks great in the newer vids , I noticed that there are n't many colors which will help with sharper graphics , as it is easier to shade everyhting in the enviroment , making it less taxing on the system .
I thought it was getting burned by the heat from the concrete but it does n't come back no matter how much I water it , shade it , fertilize it , areate it ... .
So if the extinction of Man is to be avoided then it is a simple fact that man must reduce CO2 emissions to match the rate at which nature will sequester the pollutant .
Another possible approach is to use a nomogram to segregate moderate-risk patients on the basis of vs disease and risk for pT3
With the nanoparticles , we can sequester both of these reagents within nanometers of each other , in vivo , & quot ; Murthy said .
The typical response to this sort of thing is that the staff segregates into three groups .
The company also said that Google.org , the philanthropic for-profit subsidiary that Google seeded in 2004 with three million shares of its stock , would invest in energy start-ups .
A certified check is one where the bank segregates the money to pay the check , and basically treats it , as far as their customer is concerned , as if it has already been cashed , whether it has or has not .
The Red Sox used to segregate the bleachers in this fashion -- you could n't get from the bleachers to the rest of the stands .
Or segregate him , so you do n't hear him .
Trying to figure out how to post this to Jungleland or Dime but have n't figured out how to get it seeded yet .
This is just a reminder that it is easy to segregate or discard all messages that are crossposts to multiple newsgroups -LRB- and are thus likely to be off-topic -RRB- .
In my view polygons are more useful than polylines when you actual want to have a closed shape and want to be able to shade the shape .
so we can sit here and seethe about a dead man ?
Let 's start with railroads , and let 's make sure we electrify them so they will run on things other than fossil fuel or , if we have to run them partly on coal-fired power plants , at least scrub the emissions and sequester the CO2 at as few source-points as possible .
It is meant to segregate .
As a result , people learn to lie , cheat , steal , and shade the truth - to do whatever is necessary to get what they want .
It certainly seeded in me a distrust of conservative governments , both in terms of social policy and their management of the economy .
The world would be better off , Dr. Allegre believes , if these & quot ; denouncers & quot ; became less political and more practical , by proposing practical solutions to head off the dangers they see , such as developing technologies to sequester C02 .
& quot ; They tried to put a lot of safeties deep over the top , they tried to shade the linebackers out there , and we did a great job of adjusting during the second half , & quot ; Owens said .
It 's as if the band were a murder-trial jury , sequestered from the outside world .
At the very least , we should n't be merely pretending to segregate women from combat .
& quot ; Most of them & quot ; did NOT return to Israel , as Tiglath Pileser III took half and scattered them among the nations , and seeded the nations into Israel .
That 's why He segregated us in the first place .
The girl sat up and shaded her eyes to see the girl in front of her .
I seethed .
Eileen Bell is returning to herd cats over the next couple of weeks , but if we get to the point of devolution she will have to be replaced -LRB- she did n't run again -RRB- .
Some might be surprised that I started a group called the & quot ; SixthSunLiving & quot ; about six years ago to herald in the new CycleSun -LRB- according to the Aztecs -RRB- .
In fact I would go so far as to say she has Tilly right to heel , Lol. .
I do n't even think a donkey would hitch with AJT843 in dummy .
I do n't know if you can hitch a 20lb tank to the new one as you 're supposed to be able to with the old 5lb tank .
Electra started to herd the few people in the building away from the combat .
Meanwhile , it is becoming clear to all parties to the negotiations that there is no chance of agreement on a declaration that will herald even a hint of a breakthrough .
Later , Luigi The most exciting phrase to hear in science , the one that heralds new discoveries , is not & quot ; Eureka ! & quot ;
The broadband-based video system heralds the next generation of telecare provision and is already disrupting older architectures , according to the Company .
' Course , the OP is talking about an outrigger , and they are n't s'posed to carve because they are n't s'posed to heel .
Bush heralded as the leader of the anti-al-Qaida surge has been assassinated .
The procedure is to herd the geese from the site two to three times a day -- seven times a week .
Instead , the organisation 's first public statement of this week was to herald a strategic partnership with a global research company to monitor the Chinese outbound market .
- and the 1609 Preface to Troilus and Cressida , which heralds & quot ; a new play & quot ; - one that was & quot ; never stal 'd with the Stage , never clapper-clawd with the palmes of the vulger ... & quot ;
Every year the smart money waits for you , in your millions , to herd yourselves in for the slaughter , trying to buy stuff before you do , so that they can sell it to you at a profit , and then get out for the year .
The supremacist herds his cows as the best , The secret police is watching him , he knows he wo n't violate the laws .
She nips at the kids hands and feet and tummies all the time because she 's trying to herd them .
Beyond that , the meaning of the sunrise is even more spectacular , because it heralds the dawn of a new day , a day filled with bright possibilities .
The broadband-based video system heralds the next generation of telecare provision and is already disrupting older architectures , according to the Mediagrids company .
Solstivus heralds the hope of a new day .
& quot ; As a result , the French Government last week introduced a new anti-piracy measure that some say could herald the end of file-sharing as we know it .
I knew one who said & quot ; it 's like trying to herd cats. & quot ;
We planned to take a bus from Tel Aviv to Beersheba , and then hitch a ride to Eilat , the southernmost tip of Israel on the Red Sea .
Sheesh , the very idea of teaching a cat to heel boggles my mind .
The ' yes ' vote heralds the beginning of a new era in Northern Ireland 's history .
AFP Students of the Islami Jamiat-e-Taliba -LRB- IJT -RRB- , the youth wing of Imran 's apparent ally , the Jamaat-i-Islami , herded him into a building on campus , locked him up , and handed him to the police .
As you may have read in the October issue of RadCom , Sputnik 1 celebrated its 50th anniversary on October 4 . AMSAT heralded the event on the morning of 4 October by using AO-51 to retransmit the original Sputnik-1 telemetry .
Puzhai is just a small border crossing but it heralds the future of trade in this region of China , which is bent on boosting a free flow of goods with its neighbors in Southeast Asia to keep raw materials flowing and its economy on track .
I used to herd sheep with my aunts , and they showed me how to work in clay. & quot ;
It is the height of irony that the New American Century heralds the triumph of radical Islamic theocracy in the Middle East .
Aside from the question of where you draw the line , I expect that some people are a little more concerned about what else the dog is learning in addition to how to heel .
On the other hand , if I put a negative charge on the cats -LRB- lets call them electrons now -RRB- and herd them to the right , then the current is flowing to the left , because that is the direction of increasing positive charge , or decreasing negative charge if you prefer .
Ross Mayfield , CEO , Socialtext Wikinomics heralds the biggest change in collaboration to date .
These famines heralded the beginning of a series of natural disasters which resulted in the depopulation of Egypt .
It is easier for the government to herd such individuals .
And do n't foget the totalitarians , who think the way to avoid collisions is to herd everyone in the same direction .
Although my agreeing with Inger heralds the true dawning of the Age of Aquarius , the fact is the melting glaciers are leaving behind sign of human habitation in the form of farm houses and barns .
The announcement , which is expected within weeks and could come as early as Monday at the annual meeting of his scientific institute in San Diego , California , will herald a giant leap forward in the development of designer genomes .
The Northern Ireland secretary said he hoped the visit heralded a new beginning in relations between the government and the Order .
Today , Francis Fukuyama in The Wall Street Journal and Anne Applebaum in The Washington Post herald the appearance of a new website , ABF , that documents the individual stories of the victims of the Iranian regime .
They are not as easy to herd about as domestic sheep and it would require that the shepherd was actually on the job .
Polavarm Dam is the base of Krishna Godavari River Link which not only effects the tribals and Bengali refugees in Dandakarany covering four states Andhra , Chhattishgargh , Maharashtra and Orissa but the impact heralds disaster in entire penunsular India compriseng sentral and south India .
If I herd them to the right , then current is flowing to the right , and vice versa .
The sound of the Shofar heralds the beginning of a new year and a time of remembrance and renewal for the Jewish people .
The three of us hitched to a town called Mazunte in Oaxaca to work on the beach .
Eventually , as the boat continued to heel , enough of the bottom was exposed to show that there was a small area that had accumulated barnacles .
The result has been an ever - growing guide to fanzines , chapbooks , zines and small-press publishers which The Portland Mercury said could herald a new era of zines .
Then I herded everyone out to the patio and escorted her to the seat in the corner so that it would be too much effort for her to get out and past everyone else .
Of course , she may try to herd the cats .
When he was old enough to mind her , she took off the harness and leash , and he heeled quite nicely .
Every day heralds the birth of yet another type of insurance .
& quot ; Herewith I appeal to Shoghi Effendi , as the Guardian designated by the Master , to preserve the democracy of the Bahai Cause , to protect the vital dignity of man , to obliterate all the traces of negation , to herald the universality of the Message of Abdul Baha , and , in so doing , to expel expulsion and excommunicate excommunication .
The only reason this handsome fellow has lingered so long is probably due to the fact that he does n't like other male dogs and he plays a little too rough with the ladies -LRB- he herds them around , which tends to scare most of them -RRB- .
It heralds the launch of the City Foundation , and the good news that it spells for the Club .
When I was a sophomore in high school we were pulled out of class one day and herded into the assembly hall where we were shown a propaganda film of the San Francisco & quot ; riots & quot ; with the voice-over telling us that the demonstrations were the result of communist agitators ; and concluding that the nation was within a hair 's-breadth of violent revolution .
He is Shaquille O'Neal of the Orlando Magic , and he is more than lived up to the hype that heralded his arrival in the NBA in the 1992-93 season .
This heralds a great change in the collective mindset , as people become more and more conscious of the rights of animals to live in peace , unharmed by human beings !
In an interview with the private New Delhi television station NDTV , the leader of the separatist coalition , Mirwaiz Umar Farooq , heralded the talks as the start of a credible conversation .
As the wind built , we heeled even more .
They are n't only bred to herd , but to be babysitters .
With all the open space , I just see her and herd her up the stairs .
I 've always been more of a simulationist DM , not so much a story DM , I set up the world , the bad guy and what they are trying to accomplish , and see how it unfolds , rather than make a story up and herd the players down the path to that story .
And the nightmare heralds a danger to the EnterpriseTM itself for if Picard ca n't discover a w .
For a fact i tought him to heel in 15min 's without beeing on a leach at-all ! ! !
The Zonbu heralds a growing interest in energy-efficient computers .
Also , I 'm wondering if the tapeworm thing heralds a whole list of other problems .
-- NeoLibertarian & quot ; When the people find that they can vote themselves money , that will herald the end of the republic. & quot ;
But given that we herd a whole bunch of compilers and std lib implementations -LRB- and versions and combinations thereof -RRB- , I 'd rather not do this .
I was hoping that one of the harnesses going through the firewall would have an unused lead and I just could hitch a free ride on that .
And they touched profound hopes while shunning easy consolations .
I wonder how they tie their shoes , too , or trim their toenails without throwing up .
Last December , Jacobs was riding so high that he wrote an open letter to Britney Spears , offering free surgery to touch up her abdominal muscles .
in the meantime and for God 's sake never touch that filthy australian tap water either for drinking or cooking !
If you trim back the vines they should resprout .
His fur trimmed red suit was called " Unenlightened . "
They have a ton of material they rarely touch or promote .
You may need to trim a tiny bit if your seam is off or you ironed the seam .
A. People with cardiovascular disease should always trim the fat from their steak and should NEVER drink lard martinis , except maybe on special occasions .
Is there any function in ruby which allows you to trim leading zeros -LRB- or any specific character -RRB- from a string .
About applying compound to the buffing wheel , it says : " With the wheel attached and the motor running , gently touch the appropriate tube of compound -LRB- jewelers rouge , in this case -RRB- to the face of the wheel for one to two seconds .
From their site : " In one action packed day , the Code Freeze 2008 Software Symposium will touch on many facets of innovation .
We always trim most of the fat off our meat -LRB- I think you do n't eat meat .
I 've had another person not have a clue how to trim nails .
At the very least , please trim out alt.pets.dogs.pitbull
Everything the king touched turned into gold , according to Greek legend .
I know that God can touch and heal without the therapy so that is what I am praying will happen !
Apart from the commercial background and apart from the apparent contradiction in ' deterministic garbage collector ' this library , IMO , touches some interesting aspects : A future language should have deterministic destruction but no ' delete ' operator .
I simply took an Exacto - knife & trimmed off a tiny bit of plastic that was interfering with the said part popping up and into the park position .
when allocating a big array on stack on Win32 , they may call a function -LRB- whose name starts with two underscores or one underscore and a upper - case letter -RRB- that touches the stack at every multiple of 4096 bytes .
When all four butterflies touch the rods at the same time , open all the butterflies , remove all the rods and readjust the master idle knob until you see half of the trailing transition port .
You could probably trim them to get the exact frequency you wanted , but I 'm not sure how well this would work .
The Reid wrote : Following up to rosie readandpost MX , would you please trim your headers ?
Follow a few paces behind him , spraying everything he touches with a can of disinfectant .
Those thoughts deeply touched that young lady she was so moved at what I had wrote to her she went and confided in her parents that very night .
It 'll kill most any green thing it touches .
She lightly touched Fearless Leader 's hand with her hand .
Give it a try - you might notice windows starts up quicker & apps thrash a bit less .
I could trim them but they are expensive -LRB- $ 40 -RRB- .
2 . Posters should trim posts to which they respond .
He also slapped one , touched one and rubbed one .
We 'd give them any ends we trimmed off the cob , and then give them the cobs after we 'd finished with them .
She will be sorely missed by her family and her many friends , whose lives she touched so deeply .
She is beautifully equipped , trims out perfectly , tracks the GNS430 perfectly , and is a pleasure to feel beneath you .
I know , it is hard to resist , I may eat some , then try to trim the rest .
I do n't know how many snipers actually own the requisite sniper rifles , so I wo n't hazard a guess , but there are probably enough to trim down the number of top posters and dross posters .
When Fitrus touched Imam Husain 's -LRB- AS -RRB- cradle his wings were given back to him by Allah , who had forgiven him .
That is not a big deal if you keep it trimmed once or twice at the most per season with a weed whacker .
However in some ways , this special nun touched my heart too .
Whenever a prospect touches the company via the web , email , phone call , personal interaction or whatever they took each area and asked the simple question , What would make this more potent ?
But a strained undercurrent drifts through October City , from Mussa 's bazaar to pastel apartment buildings trimmed with wooden shutters .
It 's much more responsive when you touch it slightly until it engages and then push it once you feel it 's engaged .
Do n't let it get to the too hot to touch stage !
His authority from God was confirmed when he foretold how the waters would be cut off as soon as the feet of the priests touched them -LRB- Joshua 3:13 -RRB- .
Having said this I do think that the Middle East ca n't touch off WW III which could have happened when the Soviet Union was in business .
I do try to trim the extraneous but still maintain some continuity .
But as you usually do , you trim something out then ask a question to which the trimed portion answered .
They may touch or cry repeatedly .
When my finger touched its breast , it immediately flew up to the nearest tree and found a perch .
Dang , Had to trim 12 more lines .
The House bill , which also trimmed other social programs for the poor in an effort to reduce federal spending by $ 50 billion , was narrowly approved 217 - 215 .
Good photo can touch our heart .
In my edits on this post I trimmed out some things .
" To get to where our property touched public land would take three hours by public road , but from our house it was 10 minutes by four - wheeler or Jeep , " he said .
Posters must show a reasonable effort to trim the post they are replying to and to include just enough material to establish context .
For often hearts not touched at all start hardening and shrinking small .
They thrash about in a feedback loop , where the collective wisdom about their problems can overwhelm the chances of any single new product .
I have the sidaM touch , you see : everything I touch turns to mold .
Sheaves were made and stacked in the field , and not trimmed up later .
Usually , you can trim down the list a lot , since almost all cities in a country have the same TZDST , but that 's not the case for the US .
Then with his hands empty , the same experimenter would again touch a container with his elbow .
We want God to touch lives and birth intercessors who will travail for the breakthrough .
It is the correct position and should not be changed : Or maybe some of them feel that their one - line comment would get : lost at the bottom of a huge thread , which -LRB- naturally -RRB- they do not : bother to trim .
it spake thus : I have to admit that , these days , I almost always create a new file , include GENERIC , set a new ident , and then just add or trim options and devices as needed .
Only other mods were to cut the wing tips off to what would be the outermost bay and trim the stabilizer down to a triangle shape .
i 'm going to trim it back tonight , but i figured i 'd get a picture before i did .
Do I trim back the new growth this winter so that the shrubs are not bushy ?
Every Little Smile can touch Somebody 's heart May U find hundreds of reasons to smile today and May U be the reason for someone else to smile always !
Anybody knowing how to trim these down in the new system control please reply with an Howto .
It is like a beast which touches a corpse or overshadows it .
wrote : What about trying to carefully trim back the plastic shroud on one of the Sennheiser headphone sets with an Xacto knife ?
In it , he quotes theologians , saints , news accounts and himself on various topics that touch on nudity .
Within the currently active pixel , pressure is sufficient to make the water bumps touch the optical chamber .
So naturally they touch toes when faced with anything PC .
So now after well varnishing the bobbin using Wattyl 7008 , I also rub in some hi - temp silicone sealant where pitch will touch wires , then use high temp sleeving , so no worries about pitch melting anything .
Jesus touched them and told them to not be afraid .
I guess I could just trim it .
Of course , we could actually remember to trim all of his excess addresses if we respond , but that takes fortitude and memory .
I also use the same -LRB- cheap -RRB- diamond hone to touch up carbde tooling .
She shed a little hair , I guess all the nervous stuff , they trimmed her claws too .
In the UK , Hoover cleaners were sold with the slogan " It beats as it sweeps as it cleans , " attributed mainly to the beater bar that came along with it .
Put 38 drill rod into chuck - it sweeps out a cone - waaay to much error - so there is some angle on the chuck with respect to the spindle - that 's not good .
Severe weather swept through Michigan on Friday , with a possible tornado touchdown in the town of Fenton , according to affiliate WNEM .
This tendancy is a little worrying considering her father was castrated when he was about two years old , one would think that these disorders would thrash themselves out by the time they 'd become a grown up .
Any sensible reading of our exchanges shows you comprehensively thrashed on each and every occasion .
Just remember to check oil and coolant regularly and thrash it all the time .
Back in the late '70s , early '80s as a college student , I thoroughly thrashed my only transportation , a 1971 Honda CB100 .
The Boston Massacre occurred in September , 1978 when my beloved Yankees thrashed and swept the BoSox in Boston nearly completing their come - from - behind 15 - 12 game defecit on the way to yet another World Series title .
The long - standing enmity between the two groups turned even deadlier after Hamas swept parliamentary elections in January 2006 , ending four decades of Fatah rule .
The performance is incredible -LRB- having had the opportunity to really thrash one around -LRB- not my own -RRB- I gained an immense appreciation for the car 's features and performance -RRB- .
And the animals would thrash about ...
Acura swept the podium with Kuno Wittmer , of Montreal , Ontario , finishing second and Brandon Davis , of Denver , Colo. , finishing third .
Her robe glowed with the whiteness of snow in the sunshine and swept in majestic folds to the ground .
The reason why I 'm asking is because I 'm using this for a program to compute digits of pi , and there 's programs out there that seldom thrash the disk .
Standard symmetric wing sections on tail configured as 45 degree swept surfaces .
Jackson swept triumphantly through the early primaries : Alabama , Washington DC , Georgia , Louisiana , Mississippi , Puerto Rico and Virginia .
But , after British teams practicing Kodokan judo soundly thrashed the Germans in 1929 , most of Germany 's 5,600 male and 137 female judoka claimed to be practicing Kodokan judo rather than Rahn 's " European jiu - jitsu " .
Democrats swept in on promises to end the war and tackle a host of popular domestic issues , including raising the minimum wage , reducing prices on prescription drugs , promoting stem cell research and ending corruption .
They thrashed balors with ease .
Thanks to all , especially to Judith who patiently swept up the crumbs .
Efficient land distribution through society colleting rental values sweeps those struggles and inefficiencies aside .
I think that what they really suspect is that the cat is finally getting a chance to curl up in a warm bed with someone who wo n't thrash around and steal the covers .
She once swept an Admiral clear off his feet .
Labor Party candidate Kevin Rudd swept to power in a landslide victory over Liberal incumbent John Howard , the second - longest serving prime minister in Australian history .
Worse still for the merengues , while Madrid thrashed about blindly like an epileptic in an Ibiza nightclub , Barcelona have been a model of efficiency , buying the players they most needed -LRB- except a new goalkeeper -RRB- , and buying them quickly .
Bush puts in Goss who then sweeps the place clean .
She tried to steer grey away , owner of small fluffy dog let dog follow closer and grey thrashed it , injuring it badly .
When people come in her long brushy tail sweeps the floor , she 's just so happy to see people !
It must suck to be you .
I have n't had any particular problems with DVD player software either , other than region coding , and the fact that the DVD player software has to thrash and flail around on your hard drive for an ungodly amount of time before playing a DVD .
She thrashed and thrashed in pain from her intestines decomposing within her .
A black hole is an older system , which has presumably swept its region clear of most gas and dust .
A scary thing is to drive on a road that suddenly turns 90 degrees , sweeps a wide arc , then turns another 90 degrees .
Hi gang , I have acquired a beautifull old -LRB- but thrashed -RRB- deco - looking couch .
I thrashed around for 12 mile .
-LRB- I absolutely thrashed myself this week , and i need the recovery -RRB- .
I hardly ever see magpies since west Nile swept
So I grasped my broom and swept mightily and soon had a mountain of leaves .
A powerful wind swept the cue card from his assistant 's hand .
his boss will tie him to a pillar outside the building and have him publicly thrashed .
I theorize that one benefit may be that they do n't break their teeth as they thrash around up there .
They swept Atlanta at Turner Field .
In addition , when the personal responsibility is something which is hushed away and swept beneath the carpet just not to offend the weaker or the less talented , then the individual is left wo boundaries in a state of personal chaos regarding norms and rules and limits concerning the broad society and him .
AJ sniffed it out and promptly thrashed Angle yet again .
Meanwhile , more than 300 police and military personnel shortly after dawn Sunday swept through 11 locations in Ruso district in a search operation and apprehended seven suspected militants , including a man identified as 31 - year - old Anand Sarai , who wanted by the government on charges of threatening national security .
But in her final book , Rowling simply sweeps aside the multitude of the Ministry 's sins in the wake of Voldemort 's bloody coup .
The dramatic footage includes clips of suspected UDA gunmen opening fire on police during the fierce rioting that swept through loyalist areas after the contentious Whiterock parade in Belfast in 2005 .
Now , with the changes in lining materials , swept surface finishes and the possibility of inappropriate ABS function , I prefer to replace suspect brake linings ...
You can thrash your straw man harder than that , Roberta .
Prior to the MOT i put some diesel treatment into the diesel tank and changed the air filter and thrashed it for about a week before the Mot was due but it still failed the emissions ??.
When I replied that speaking to a friend was not a crime , they dragged me into their Gypsy and thrashed me .
A massive Turkish counter-attack , led in person by Mustafa Kemal , swept these two battalions from the heights .
Never before has our ethical horizon been swept so clean as it is today .
They thrashed rubbish on the streets .
He also thrashed and kicked him out of the place .
Three Soviet Army Groups on 9 Aug swept such delusions aside , along with the Kwantung
As this Snake moved into the paragraphs of the wisecracks which it contained it wreaked and thrashed all the non-Jewish interest of these States .
This became confirmed when he basically thrashed Tim Drake in a Titans issue a few months ago .
Everybody 's ragging on McCloud -LRB- Boy , he sucks as a fighter .
The FJ - 2 is a very close relative of the USAF F - 86 Sabre -- in most respects they are identical , The F - 86 was adapted for carrier use as a quick fix for the USN 's need for a high performance swept wing fighter during the Korean war .
-RRB- -LRB- I wish they thrashed a BMW instead ...
He said the policemen who thrashed Hussain were not from any particular police station but were deployed on special security duty .
Her narrow neck swept down to slender white shoulders , and below them a pair of wonderfully ripe young breasts bulged as if trying to escape the tight white bra that held them in .
Her left hand swept the flimsy bikini top beneath her heaving breasts so she could tweak her right nipple with her fingers .
OT - Teens thrash fake cop .
Perhaps something else can thrash some real mode state when you sleep .
So there has been no particular glee in watching the Raiders thrash about the past few months with the agents for top draft pick JaMarcus Russell .
Swept me straight back to my primary school days ...
The social flux sweeps us along like a bit of dust .
You flounder and thrash about , all the while having not one single small clue .
Mini gearboxes are not very reliable anyway , particularly when we thrash our cars .
On Aug. 1 , 2007 , I watched in absolute horror as Child Protective Services swept five little , innocent children into a system that is supposedly in place to protect our children .
To cite - He sweeps yellow leaves or gathers years in a heap burns to merge with dust The first line gives a clear picture of the persona who is engaged in a task of cleaning the garden .
Anti-government rebels from the Lord 's Resistance Army in the most northerly districts of Uganda swept along and across it , fighting and stealing children - boys for soldiers and girls for concubines .
He soundly thrashed his brother William ... .
Private clubs and amateur events might thrash on for a short while .
No wonder the Microsoft monopoly swept them away nearly a decade later .
The political prisoners of Belmarsh barely exist ; and a big , brave posse of Metropolitan police never swept away Maya Evans as she publicly grieved for British soldiers killed in the cause of nothing except rotten power .
But it did have many self contradictory properties swept under the carpet , in so far as I know , and that does make it very similar .
Murray thrashed by Baghdatis August 15 2007 at 02:25 AM Cincinnati , Ohio - Britain 's Andy Murray continued to struggle as he recovers from a wrist injury , losing 6 - 1 , 6 - 2 on Tuesday to Marcos Baghdatis in the first round of the ATP Cincinnati Masters .
But in my case , i want to manually create these links instead for a few reasons .
Citizenship is not guaranteed either , the U.S. born child of an immigrant must declare citizenship .
Once the shooting started - once Deep South secession was apparently irrevocable - the Upper South would declare secession too .
The Hong Kong courts declared Mr. Hsu bankrupt in the summer of 1998 .
When almost one - quarter of single men in their prime courting years - that 's two million potential husbands - declare a Marriage Strike , we 're facing an unprecedented social crisis .
Let me explain : When you say declare optimize speed it is saying declare optimize speed 3 which really means " I care about speed " .
Since extra pounds create stretch marks , try to keep your weight on an even keel , says Dr. Weiss .
Work with marketing to create coop and bookstore promotions that drive sell - through .
Many of these illegal pharmacies create professional - looking Web sites and distribute convincing emails , making it difficult for consumers to differentiate between reputable and rogue online sites .
Aristotle once declared that excellence is not an act , but a habit .
I 'm hoping someone reads this note who may know the formula used to create Heywood Wakefield 's classic Blonde finish .
But in the present case , the 50 % reservation policy does not create any corresponding individual right in favour of the members of the beneficiary groups .
Can I declare some of template functions into a class ?
If you 're interested in helping create this useful tool , please let me and the list know , and I 'll help you get started .
Humans also created pain , suffering , injustice through their own free - will sinful acts .
How is that signal supposed to create disturbing interference at a tower that is further away in terms of path loss , not necessarily in terms of miles than the one your are using ?
What DCSNet Can Do Together , the surveillance systems let FBI agents play back recordings even as they are being captured like TiVo , create master wiretap files , send digital recordings to translators , track the rough location of targets in real time using cell - tower information , and even stream intercepts outward to mobile surveillance vans .
obviously possible Kurda Yon wrote : Hi , In the first page I declare a session variable .
L.A. declared those few feet of road to be a private road , effectively shutting off the developer 's planned access .
But after saying Tuesday the job was a competition between Crockett , free agent addition Justin Griffith and rookie Oren O'Neal , coach Lane Kiffin declared Griffith the starter .
Emerson famously declared that he " could not marry this man 's life to his verse " .
i will shortly create another user account , if i can see her images , where should i start looking , in my home folder ?
There are special techniques and strategies in creating and managing ANY IRA that create some huge benefits for the right person under the right circumstances .
Chongkai Grant Rettke wrote : I wanted a macro to declare class level properties and came up with the macro ' property ' .
I am currently working with another small contractor to create entities and units that perform the full gamut of movement and missions to a set standard , and it is something that , if we do it right , could be revolutionary in military AND civilian simulations .
Once the symptoms are described to a psychiatrist , the psychiatrist can legally declare the person as mentally ill .
Any attempt to prevent change can only create more unstable conditions in the long run .
We will create attractive ' gateways ' into Hinckley and improve floral displays to give a positive impression for people coming into the town .
I 've managed to do something like this , I create two custom maps , one for the normal tiles and one for the " extra zoom in " I declare the extra zoom in map as having images of 512 x 512 .
In 1815 Cracow declared a free republic .
I have a subroutine in which I declare 4 output variables as allocatable .
It is the stage in our evolution as human beings where life ceases to be about external creation , and is about internal rapture - existing in an increasingly spacious container where we create worlds , within and without , that deeply nourish our spirit and make our hearts sing ; where we live gloriously with ourselves and others .
There are three companies that make the acrylic for all the different companies YN , VP , TT , Entity , OPI , etc. but each of the acrylic manufacturers can create different grades of acrylic dependant on what the company they 're making it for wants .
The Ruby holidays gem has been released and I 'm looking for contributors to help create regional holiday definition files .
To have someone declared a vexatious litigant is in itself expensive and time consuming so it is not often done .
How can I declare the policy file ' declare ' ?
Socrates boasted about how the Oracle at Delphi declared that Socrates was the wisest , most free , just , and prudent man in the world .
To create transparent text you can adjust the opacity level in the graphics state when creating text elements .
Can I declare column and properties on autoloaded tables ?
So clear the map first , and create a new variable and declare it as null : var mapBounds ; Next create a new marker and add it to your map , you 'll need to know the location that this marker is added to for the next step .
You already declared your disrespect of Shakespeare as author .
Trying to declare wrong greek grammar by missing the a , JW scholars show a false teaching that has a very limited support and a lack of understanding .
-- If anything , the demonstrations may well harden congressional resistance and create an atmosphere conducive not only to the victory of reactionary candidates in the coming elections , but also to the defeat of those candidates who are , or would be , friendly to the social and economic objectives of our struggle. --
Over packing can create unnecessary headaches and frustration .
-- " In 1964 Barry Goldwater declared : ' Elect me president , and I will bomb the cities of Vietnam , defoliate the jungles , herd the population into concentration camps and turn the country into a wasteland . '
Actually the response of different speaker models is so jagged and different through most of the range that just using 2 different speakers of similar efficiency could create interesting effects .
Over a decade ago , Ms. Ensler wrote that ' what we do n't say becomes a secret , and secrets often create shame and fear and myths . '
All Hindu traditions declare all people to be manifestations of the divine essence , the Atman , and Avatars to be individuals who are far more acutely and extensively aware of this fact and its implications than most , and who have entered the mortal realms voluntarily to teach important truths to humanity , and who usually have extraordinary abilities to aid in these roles .
IF I was evil and , by some mishap or grace , got elected president of the US after GWB , I could just decide to call captain Lucky Luke of submarine Jolly Jumper and give the order to nuke every Chinese city with more then 1 M inhabitants , declare the Chinese owned debt void , .
First , it shortlists 20 - odd candidates and declares that none outside it would be considered .
I fit this profile , and the best thing which ever happened to me at 5th grade , when I could easily handle college level work , but was writing like a kindergartener was that an OT sat down with me and basically helped me create my own script handwriting from scratch , putting together strokes which worked for me into a very distinctive , but legible , script .
How do I create HTML links that link to markers ?
Now I wondered what a marvelous feat it would be for 1 Absolute to create a kinetic based program to power up my machine at will .
This ensures that atomicread works as expected across all architectures , without the cruft the compiler generates when you declare the variable itself volatile .
Clement said it could take days before scientists can declare with certainty whether the explosion was nuclear .
Did God really create that ?
A Department of Homeland Security official admitted today the agency misled Congress when it contended it possessed investigative reports proving Border Patrol agents Ignacio Ramos and Jose Compean confessed guilt and declared they " wanted to shoot some Mexicans " prior to the incident that led to their imprisonment .
If they were worried about the people they might be " sneaking " in via the cars , then make everyone declare their " passengers " either electronically or verbally upon entry and execute random spot checks on their declarations .
The idea here is that if you are creating a field which does n't use Django 's standard code to create the database column , then you can implement getinternaltype to return your own non-standard value and everything else will Just Work tm .
I used memory wire to create this bracelet , so it will fit any size wrist .
Article " except for the District Court , a court of record within its jurisdiction may declare rights , status , and other legal relations " .
I create a domain using google apps and have several administrators created then .
How do individuals create personal stories that enhance their growth ?
The outspoken mayor staged a news conference outside Fort Lauderdale City Hall where he was flanked by conservative Christian leaders and declared gay sex had become a major public health crisis in the city .
Finally , the vet declared Bogus healthy except for sunburned ears , which he assured us would heal on their own without the need for a follow - up visit .
Area Christians said police were forcing detained believers to declare that Pastor Lee was training Christians funded by Vang Pao to overthrow the government .
You can quickly and easily create new pot plants by taking cuttings from other plants in your garden or your existing pot plants .
: Why not get your buddy union bosses to actually create companies ?
You still declare your total rent you pay to O.D.S.P .
Christ Centered Devotion for 128 2007 Let 's Live A Life Of Praise Unto the Lord Psa 22:22 I will declare thy name unto my brethren : in the midst of the congregation will I praise thee .
Do I even create anything worth any interest ?
I wanted a macro to declare class level properties and came up with the macro ' property ' .
And the most common actually create a partially crippled dog .
I agree that just because an item is handmade , it does not qualify as folk art - and I fully believe that a person can take a mass produced object and create folk art by adding things that reflect their culture , skill and imagination .
This turn , players may declare their candidacy for the election .
Throughout 2001 , California Congressman Henry Waxman accused Welch of intervening in NBC 's 2000 election night coverage and pressuring the network to prematurely declare Bush the winner .
Ability to assess risk and create appropriate risk management strategies .
in a culture of such subservience and stoopery , the only free spirits were bandits and such , but since when do bandits create a stable social order ?
When you create your PayPal account , just click on send money , copy and paste the email address into your PayPal account and send a $ 1 to the email .
Brown 's intervention came as European Union electoral monitors declared the election " flawed " .
I 'm experiencing some strange behavior : I have 2 or more markers , call them A and B . I can click on marker A , and the info window opens normally .
I added the lime green accents ; call it artistic license . ;-
jim beam , would you know where one could buy new rubber insulation for a civic ?
If you have big problems , call the NJ Attorney Generals Office and talk to the Consumers Dept . Look them up on the web .
If you have any last minute questions call my cell at 592-2277 .
Some people buy regular golden or white raisins in the grocery but some also seek out health food shops , like the one where Borden works , in search of organically grown raisins because they prefer to avoid sulfites common in processed dried grapes .
In some cases you must buy organic or obtain organic .
Here is a thought ,,, call the local Harley dealer .
They 've prayfully asked me to quit shirking , " You 're really gon na buy that shit ?? "
They now call and send invitation cards saying , " We want you back . "
It might behoove you to just break down and buy new battery cables .
You can get the 9 v battery connectors at Mouser for to cents apiece by the hundred , and 5 cents for the pair if you buy just the connector snaps and solder your own wires .
Oh and they have metal handcuffs for $ 5.99 in the toy section and my daughter demanded I buy her a pair and then wanted to open them in the store !
It 's only $ 25 to start , and that will probably buy you 25,000 impressions if you start now before prices bid up too far .
What should I call my Virtual Yacht Club ?
If you want to get off NOW , call TOLL FREE : 1-800-660-1350 The call is FREE !!
Dear list members , who are fortunate to live near an ocean shore , could you give me an advise : Where can I buy an antique vernier sextant ?
Why not buy Sweet Danger by Suzy Bogguss .
I ca n't find any root beer recipes that call for dry ice .
That and my 22 years of voluntary and honorable military service to the United States of America doing my bit to preserve your freedoms allows me to call myself a patriot .
Another method is to place a bet next to your bet and call out " dealers . "
If the wasting of the old unit bothers you , call back and complain .
You can buy torque wrenches for under $ 30.00 that are good for finishing wheel lug nuts or making sure the tire change pricks are n't trying to sucker you .
How many school lunches or health insurance policies would that buy ?
Huge numbers of these attend their conventions attired in highly creative costumes that identify them as Trekkers or Trekkies and arouse a spirit of community . Many are affiliated with fan clubs whose members buy or create such attire to be worn at conventions and public events .
You can buy potato starch or add some dehy mashed potato flakes but I prefer to grate in a potato early so it breaks down .
Halley did not go into his friendly , neighbourhood navigator 's supply shop and buy a printed copy of the lunar information telling him when a particular star would be occulted in the future by the moon .
Either way it really does n't matter to me since I call em ' like I see em ' .
People buy her books because they are worth buying in their own right .
So to call Collins an " icon for peace and reconciliation " is not just idiotic , but is to indulge in the depraved rhetoric of Irish republicanism .
Here , people mostly buy the nasty cheapest possible stuff so most do n't even bother trying to repair it , your trade and mine too , too a lesser extent has seen better days .
For the extra few pennies I 'd buy the proper rails .
wessie wrote : I 'll call Royal & Sun Alliance tomorrow to put in a claim my end .
But enough others buy enough rags to keep me in groceries .
if you call anything someone produces art then you could be correct - but the history of art - aka western art is nt just anything ... .
a However , many people at their death do not at all drop their responsibility for life and for people , but they continue to nurture and protect life , your life too , as much as they can and feel like doing , or are invited by you to do , which they try to do as what you commonly call angels .
Given this , is n't it time someone asked whether the so - called reporters and anchors at Fox can still call themselves journalists ?
Hobgoblin and Southpaw are just mere nobodies who have risen to higher nobody standards thanks to the Internet where anyone can set up a soap box and call themselves KING .
Psychologists call these tools , respectively , agent detection , causal reasoning and theory of mind .
Choosing to buy a Cyprus property wo n't provide you with this kind of view unless you have at least 250,000 to invest .
That 's where my brain went - just call me silly .
I just buy whatever 's cheaper in the catalog .
Unfortunately I have n't gotten into town yet to buy that stuff Janet recommended .
I heard Anna call out in encouragement as I grabbed hold of the top of the panties .
or call us at 951 276-4459 .
Obsolete text books which were written for bias ply tires still call this camber wear and show pictures of feathered tires for toe wear .
He did not say that that " it was in the power of his human will to act as God and call down his ministering angels ... . " .
The left is accused of all manner of sins related to covetousness and envy whenever it raises questions about who benefits from Bush 's tax cuts and mentions the yachts such folks might buy or the mansions they might own .
Honestly if you want the best stereo just buy one , anyhow , stock stereos normally suck .
In fact some folks do call BMW cars Beemers .
I can buy an MX laser mouse for 60 from eBuyer instead of 80 at PC World .
Hardly any healthy porters tease Samuel , and they gently call Jimmy too .
" We do call these ordering problems .
Of course it would probably be cheaper just to buy a used printer with the cable on
No matter whom they buy from , users " blame Amazon when something goes wrong , " says Carrie Johnson , an analyst at Forrester Research Inc. in Cambridge , Mass .
There are people who gladly buy reproductions and other new items made to look old not because they think they are going to make a buck , but because they are decorator types who like the look .
I know this to be true , because I checked I know that we get a lot of Trolls that stop by here simply to cause havoc , & also that it can be hard to sort out the real people that need help , from the idiots who call by to cause trouble - But we should have the good grace to give them a chance before dismissing them out of hand .
For less money , buy their smoke generator for $ 169 and use it with your modified grill of a big cardboard box. .
You do give a disclaimer that you offer what we call case management referral : " Conflicts requiring therapy or psychological treatment will be referred to clinicians " Ed , precisely what criteria will you use to determine when to abruptly cease the astrological consulting session and refer the " client " to a colleague specialist in " the helping professions . "
I am not saying that either side is automatically right about the quality or performance of a particular car , but I think most people will deny whatever they buy is a POS , even if it is .
I often buy German meats and other stuff from LIDL .
what the europeans call rally driving is another major source .
ALL the authoritys know is that all the documents came from one particular printer and the date it was printed etc. If you discount everyone except off the shelf buyers who pay cash and buy considerable distances from their homes , you have a point .
We just need extra busses to call in from far and wide .
A question I asked facetiously a few months ago has surprisingly not been answered : what does Clinton call his penis ?
Today is the deadline for DeFazio 's response ... call the ##'s below and pressure !!
We just call em Democrats .
You may want to talk to other cyclists in your area or call or visit your local bicycle shop .
To be honest I 'm guilty too , do I want a keep my money and buy a less expensive non hybrid car or do I my part to reduce carbon emission and buy a hybrid .
Also bearing in mind that these came in just as the laptops and with no external drives , I am weighing up whether it would be feasable for me to buy in a load of USB DVDRW drives to bundle with them or just advise buyers to buy them from Ebay themselves .
But you can also buy power steering fluid which is clear .
They call it Pluto water .
What I can say to you is if the shop dies not honor its work and it has been under 90 days , paid with a VISA , then call VISA and contest the bill .
With CGI the Web server can call up a program , while passing user - specific data to the program such as what host the user is connecting from , or input the user has supplied using HTML form syntax .
Do n't shop at supermarkets either , we buy locally grown and water milled flour .
Of course , VW dealership told me I should buy their red coolant because it 's the best .
Our local Wal-Marts , as do all of 'em , buy local produce and strongly advertise it whenever it is available .
OK , that was a little scary I stopped to buy some windshield washer solvent at some auto parts place in Oklahoma , and they insisted on putting it in for me just to look the car over .
In other words do not buy an 80 gig buy something at least twice that size so can store your files on that when they are not needed on your laptop .
Part of the problem with that is what we now call ' parallel processing ' .
Nobody at lkeast no non-expert can tell just by looking at an MLB player whether or which drugs he has used .
I suppose some might describe it as unsupported .
Suppose the US pulls out of Iraq tomorrow .
I do n't do anything stupid like tell her it is a national final , of course .
and conclusion : " On the basis of the results from GAIT , it seems prudent to tell our patients with symptomatic osteoarthritis of the knee that neither glucosamine hydrochloride nor chondroitin sulfate alone has been shown to be more efficacious than placebo for the treatment of knee pain .
I suppose my general thrust is that ' us lot ' should be saying ' this is web standards - compliant , that is not ' .
Psychopaths may ramble and tell stories that seem unlikely in light of what is known about them .
They suppose themselves , indeed , to be whigs , because they no longer know what whigism or republicanism means . "
I suppose backtracking creates predicates in the code , which the interpreter does n't understand .
While you are likely quite proud of your home & its restoration , because of newsreader limitations , this newsgroup will not be an appropriate place to posts files with graphics , however , by all means offer to send via e-mail or scan into your web pages then tell us the URL .
So in that regard I suppose standup is difficult , like a stage actor reading the same lines every night for years , but altering them slightly each time for personal satisfaction .
I ca n't honestly tell if the audio is running on the hi-fi or the edge track .
Now suppose I measure these angles with my sextant and add them up .
There is no paleontologic , petrologic , mineralogic , stratigraphic , paleomagnetic , nor structural evidence to suppose his placement of Australia anywhere near western north or South America when Pangea existed is based on reality .
Let 's suppose each delta for the output is then saved in four variables labeled outdelta1 , outdelta2 , outdelta3 , and outdelta4 .
Well , when someone does n't read the newspapers and does n't know anything about the wider world , and just accepts whatever close aides tell him , then he might easily believe 10 impossible things before breakfast .
Only experience will tell -- both your 2 and countless others .
Alternatively I suppose -LRB- again if you can justify the expense -RRB- either a Schlumpf or a DualDrive system could be fitted .
At 200x , I can almost tell the different fibers in the paper .
Rachel keeps leading him further out , and soon Sean can tell that the mud is a little more than ankle deep .
Then you at least conserve volume , and given that the air is at ambient temp I suppose you conserve mass .
Indeed - I suppose my sarcasm was n't dripping enough .
Could you tell Mission Control to turn up the volume ?
Can someone tell me what G card is set up without a battle ?
Documentation is SOOOO overrated ; Is there any way to tell which authentication method is used , or any other insight where to look for this issue ?
" Deeds will tell , deeds do tell , " he said .
Mommy did n't believe that little Junior could ever be involved in such a terrible thing , and why would a grown man like me want to tell such terrible tales about her sweet little precious ?
Now suppose some non - " field officers " had classified identities and you did n't have the clearance or the need to know .
Neither of them would risk associating their work with the slightest whiff of the supernatural , and I can only suppose their reluctance stems from a belief that real scholars always reject the supernatural .
I suppose we become captives and have to buy .
It is not bad , as texts go , but nothing entitles us to suppose that Shakespeare wrote stuff that does not make sense , as Q sometimes does not .
BOS's will ALSO be on the dime to tell voters where exactly the money for upgrading the transportation infrastructure will come from .
You can never have too much horsepower I suppose but anything beyond 100 is for getting into trouble with the Connie .
Kindly tell me the solution for it Thanks ,
Being naturally well endowed I suppose I 'd bounce .
And then there 's Schubert 's " An Sylvia " , which I suppose transcends any composition by any mere Englishman .
This also means that all computers on the local network need to support Jumbo frames .
Suppose I decide we can do without the miracles Jesus performed .
My brother used to tell this joke at his wife 's expense : He 'd say that there is a joke , " Which stretches farther , skin or rubber ? "
Or they can nicely tell the player that he or she is not welcome to play in their casino .
Can we tell a terminal patient to relax , it 's not really all that big a deal , after all it 's an illusion ?
Suppose , through illness , injury , or accident , you were to find yourself Suddenly Alone .
Well , with global warming and the ensuing fight for survival , I suppose a Cadillac SUV is exactly what the Dylan's of the future will be driving .
News and other information - They directly or indirectly own all the major news media , and can therefore tell the public exactly what they want them to hear , and deny the public the information they do not want them to see , hear or read .
I suppose enough ladies my age have to make this kind of choice , so I 'm not on my own .
It 's pretty hard to believe , but after seeing Mr. Streitz 's book , I no longer doubt it -- it reminds one that the lunatic fringe extends much farther out than one normally supposes .
The Atkins diet is harming the health of many people , and Subway continues to support the Atkins diet .
Pray tell us - what has the little mouse ever done that he should suffer ?
If DBF is so stable for high end systems tell me why companies shell out 1000's for RDBMS ?
He barely looked up from his podium to tell me the brake pads were n't there and , next time , make an appointment before I brought my car in .
I suppose my next perhaps retorical question is how long before we can expect these things ?
Instead I want to explore the following metaquestion : suppose someone sends you a complicated solution to a famous decades - old math problem , like P vs. NP .
Actually , if it was worth a try one supposes that some slick airline marketing 'droid would 've managed - but I 'm stilll thinking that the " worth " of such an endeavour is dubiously debatable at best .
" Ca n't tell without more info .
Are Google employees supposed to donate their time ?
They would leave the tap disconnected and tell you to hire a contractor of your own to correctly connect the added pipe .
I thought golf balls were made from a very long thin elastic cord wrapped into a sphere under tension round a central ball bladder and then given a dimpled skin - I suppose modern ones are solid now are they ?
Well I suppose if those jerks are going to go to that much trouble to steal gas , there 's not much that can be done .
wrote : Hopefully someone can tell me where and when was a glider first towed aloft by an aircraft ?
Can anyone tell me what cleaning products are best for cleaning my " treasured antique wood furniture ?
To hear Bill English tell the story , New Zealand is about to enter the Stygian darkness of a fullblown Stalinist dictatorship .
I suppose sticking packing tape to copper foil would be worth trying too .
I suppose NASA could borrow a nuke submarine and do a test run of a crew who have been selected for the Mars trip .
One would suppose these crew were navigating the coast of Cyprus : one would be wrong .
I suppose if C had several deep pocket corporate backers , pouring money into C Open Source development , then the libraries would be better .
I suppose where I disengaged it and for how long might also make a small difference for each trip .
Vicky wrote : Can someone tell me where to find calendar plates ?
When purchasing progesterone cream you should check the ingredients to ensure that it does n't contain parabens and is not made from wild yam extract , which is not a natural progesterone containing extract regardless of what sneaky marketers may tell you .
I suppose water steam is n't water , either .
- throughout the year parents punish their kids for telling falsehoods but at Christmas they themselves tell their children the Santa Claus lie - Is it Biblical to teach your children Myths and Falsehoods ?
benna wrote : Yes I suppose that s why I made the second post about Karl Popper and the like .
I suppose a cougar might feast on them , but I do n't know what else .
Can any one tell me the ID of the Infosys Campus Connect portal .
When I tell my Native American friends about the arrangement , they accept it as typical .
I 'm not posting just to tell you my boring stories though .
Nor do jews rule America make its laws or tell the courts how to decide .
but tell me seriously ...
So tell us which modern cell - phones do n't have remote activation capacities ?
Thanks for the lesson teach I suppose perfect people like you never make typos ?
What you meant to say , of course , is " Let s suppose that potatoes and maize are native to Europe . "
Musicians and singers who live in or around his southern Italian town of Barletta , and who share his passion , often spend their Sundays working with him in the recording studio .
The Tacoma program is a Hope VI development program , which is administered by HUD and aims to convert distressed public housing into mixed - income communities that still serve poor residents but also provide market - rate homes for sale .
I suspect many of these will have a much harder time than restaurants which serve beer for example and I 'm aware of a couple of pubs I like where I think the ban will mean the end .
Only words which serve the noble heart and soul -- the sublime sentiments of the good , honest people of the world -- ever survive in the form of classics .
He prefers places that serve beer .
Please spend just one minute of your time to sign our petition , I will do the rest .
Nor did Elizabeth spend much time except in Mary 's reign in the Tower .
I spend many hours over the weekend downloading and adapting a variety of worksheets based on the groups I have encountered so far and I begin to feel quite positive about my return to the school on Monday ... .
Never serve a captain !
Of course your definition is n't necessarily incorrect , it 's just that it 's not appropriate to all circumstances - there will be times when your definition will serve merely to muddy already muddy waters .
We spend half our health to gain wealth and spend half our wealth to gain back the health .
There were no places where a city person could spend their leisure time .
They who honestly serve other gods , involuntarily worship me .
If this is the premise on which Americans spend an incredible chunk of their grocery bill to provide for the health and nutrition of their loved ones , we need to further examine this premise .
Even though I have cured myself of acid reflux , I still serve these wonderful hearty dishes on a regular basis .
It 's fiction of course , but Carroll did spend 15 years as a RIO .
After 30 days I now have over $ 62,000 to spend !
Taboos may serve many functions , and often remain in effect after the original reason behind them has expired .
It 's like famous producers send spies to my house at night and copy all my unfinished tracks ..
The old Union U - 100 headlights serve my purposes well , as they have done for decades .
" Part-timer " is a colloquial expression for a poor example : a person who does not rate highly in a particular field or literally does not spend sufficient time on the field to rate as a " proper " philosopher .
It 's how much you eat vs. what energy you spend .
HERE IS THE ANALYSIS : The philosophy behind this test indicates how you spend your money ... ...
Michigan - Do n't spend foster funds fighting Law suit .
As I see it , the Hague court and other international institutions serve a useful function .
It was n't until I was about 40 that I started to believe I had acquired a good sense of what domestic policies might serve people well .
A heretic , therefore , in a bad sense , must be one who knowingly espouses a false doctrine , is insincere in his profession , and asserts and defends what he is convinced is contrary to Christianity , and , consequently , one who maintains and supports the interest of a faction , to serve some base designs .
I 'd rather have him spend time repeating his halfwitticism of the month instead of spending hours counting them .
Or serve over slices of poundcake with a dollop of whipped cream .
How much do scientology criminal cultists spend illegally to buy politicians ?
While in this case , it might have been technically on topic for this newsgroup , posts devoid of content that serve no purpose other than to boost the poster 's low self - esteem are not something we want to encourage here .
Let me conclude by stating that the overwhelming majority of Fire Department members work and live together everyday in a close , family - like manner and faithfully serve the communities of Los Angeles with the highest degree of professionalism .
Stir fresh fruit such as minced pineapple into fat free cottage cheese and serve with sliced apples for dipping .
A person can hate Bonds and spend weekends performing in a James Brown cover band , with all proceeds going to the United Negro College Fund .
The Constitution gives Congress the authority to " declare War " along with the Power of the Purse ; the President can not legally spend money not appropriated by Congress .
When my father returned home from the pacific theater in 1945 he was awarded the silver star for bravery during the main attack on the Philippians he was refused a glass of beer at his hometown bar because he is an American Indian ; it was still illegal to serve Indians alcohol in the United States .
We are not in some fairy - tale - land where everyone can spend their time gazing at everyone else .
You have every right to cease paying criminals to spend your tax dollars for criminal behavior that they can never be accountable for committing .
Kindred 's 55,000 employees are committed to providing high quality patient care and outstanding customer service to become the most trusted and respected provider of healthcare services in every community we serve .
If possible master bedrooms always have their own private baths , leaving another full bath to serve any remaining bedrooms .
I 'd spend 30 minutes jogging on the treadmill , burning 350 calories , and then have a KFC zinger burger , which in five minutes undid all my hard work .
" From this moment forth , you will no longer live to serve others ...
;- When Moses commanded Israel not to serve idols ...
The minister suggested the couple , from Beachwood , leave their children at his home overnight to spend time alone together , Carr said .
Sprinkle with nuts ; serve immediately .
The rest of us have better things to do than spend double or triple the amount of time commuting .
I spend my evenings in watching old telly clips on YouTube , surfing the web , chatting to people on the phone and playing Forza Motorsport 2 . Every few days the telly gets switched on .
Ma'ariv also states , " Osama bin Laden did not comprehend that his actions serve American interests ...
We would spend hours together every work day talking Bible and had a great time doing it .
Schools spend around 1 billion on IT equipment and software each year .
How leaders spend their time may be disproportionate to optimum .
They also serve Croatian wine such as Dingac from Peljesac , Frankovka Grasevina Riesling and Vrbnicka Zlahtina from Slavonia , Katunar Zlahtina from Krk .
Heat through and serve with a dab of butter in each bowl .
The Provinces spend billions too , but poorly and without a plan .
103 And again , verily I say unto you , if my servant Sidney will serve me and be counselor unto my servant Joseph , let him arise and come up and stand in the office of his calling , and humble himself before me .
It is true that many , many young musicians spend almost no time learning tunes and listening to them as done by other musicians , both of which are of paramount importance .
Some allowances of various kinds are made for schools that serve student populations that traditionally do badly on such exams .
Johnson will serve as principal investigator of one of two subcomponents of the BIRN .
Pour over asparagus and serve immediately .
The travel industry will spend millions on advertising and they 'll do what ever it takes to get them their piece of the pie .
In fact , as we have just witnessed , US Congress ' foreign affairs statements serve little useful purposes , except for giving Turks new excuses for invading Iraq and exterminating more Kurds , and for Bush to say that he prefers oil over honoring the Armenian victims of the Holocaust in Turkey .
Buy petite dinner plates , serve small portions , and enjoy your meal .
Few prisoners serve the entire term .
But they do n't tell you how much schools spend or anything ...
What is even more disgusting is that a country like India where people are starving and live in filth would spend billions on nuclear weapons and wage war against its neighbors to gain territory .
Each week , FBC has 473 seniors who volunteer and serve in various capacities , and many are from Hope for the Heart .
Come on , guys , you know very well Chinese people can not eat or spend poetry .
They could make each returning soldier a Millioniare , and provide the best possible living conditions and healthcare on what these Corporations spend on Car Service alone each year .
The effect of Japan 's early surrender would send little quivers all through the U.S. Army .
A parade of retired generals and admirals serve on its advisory boards .
As a teacher , I spend many hours devoted to teaching students not only to read , but to understand what it is they are reading .
Your false assumption that a Boulder attorney would best serve your needs is telling of your legal ignorance .
Adult dogs spend about 10 to 12 percent of their sleeping time in REM sleep .
Man , meanwhile , has no purpose save to serve God and obey the president - so long as he may be Republican and vociferously Christian .
The second though equally important element is to produce a fully rounded language fluency that will serve a newly fluent speaker in a wide variety of situations .
The system is very intelligently designed from an engineering standpoint the bearings can not be inadvertently preloaded , but the advent of high - quality hybrid ceramic bearings only serve to emphasize the excessive levels of drag that exist in the system as it currently stands and we can only hope that an upgrade is pending .
Islam does not oblige women to spend on their households .
Muscles encircling the skull serve as shock absorbers , " holding the bill in resilient rigidity " .
Life is way too short to spend it alone puttering with one 's stuff , meditating to the belly button chakra , and waiting for the reaper .
The Mountain View , California - based company , with $ 7.1 billion to spend thanks to zealous shareholder support , is now positioned to head down a variety of different paths .
Auctioning could rake in money for you .
Using the stealth strategies I 'm about to show you , Amanda raked in $ 100,000 in online sales in just THREE DAYS !
I racked a batch last sunday in the same sterilized carboy I had the problem with , and wednesday the white skin was back on top .
Do n't you agree that it 's still a good idea to nail the deadbeats who live above their means , rack up huge credit card debts , and then just walk away , leaving the rest of us holding the bag ?
And do what I do with my pears , rake those that fall and give them to my neighbor , who has chickens who gobble them
I normally just rack during the boil .
Rack your brains - " 1997 " .
Rack the servers , partition the servers and install the necessary software to get the server up and running in the Lab .
We will rake the sand , sweep and cover the other surfaces with carpet where needed .
Think their rate is something like 5 raked hands per bonus dollar .
The only things that concern me are sanitation and the fact that there is always a little bit of the previous beer on top of the yeast cake when I rack to my bottling bucket .
For yeast , I 've used the normal dry ale yeasts , Nottingham , Coopers , etc. Then just rack occasionally until it is clear enough for you .
There are no rules that say activity has to be done , or the krausen has to fall , etc. Rack to secondary whenever it is most convenient .
Now rake the squash with a fork , going the long way down , not across .
had that up and i saw it , i racked my brains trying to think , ' who is it ? '
MoveOn.org has released a new ad , this time taking on Republican presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani for missing key meetings of the Iraq Study Group and eventually dropping out of the group , preferring to use his time to rake in big bucks at speaking engagements .
As Baldwin raked in the $ 92,000 pot , he made sure to flash his two hole cards in Addington 's direction .
Before leaf blowers most people raked them into piles in the street at the curb and the city picked them up .
The local governments could rake in significant revenues .
They 'll never be held hostage as a vehicle for some individual to rack up some meaningless stats .
Team Germany 's ace continues to rack up the points in the second season of the A1 Grand Prix .
But , of course , you are too busy , you have to clean out the garage , rake the leaves , visit your in - laws , catch up at work , spend more time in the rat race .
I stayed up all night , nervously watching charges rack up for plane tickets to and from Turkey and India , electronics and computer equipment , and sex phone lines via my online account information .
If the IRB wants these gargantuan edifices built to enable it to rake in the profits then let them raise the funding required .
Then the seed is surface sewn at the rate on the package , then raked lightly and then covered with straw for shade and to hold the moisture in .
I 've fed it , watered it , mowed it , raked it and watched a lot of it die away .
And in between levels , rack up extra points with target shooting games .
I racked off the clear juice until the brown jelly started to appear in the pipe , leaving behind around half a gallon -LRB- out of 6 -RRB- of what looked like wobbly coffee custard .
The new law offers the barrelling buccaneers of the West a juicy set of production - sharing agreements -LRB- PSAs -RRB- that will maintain a fig leaf of Iraqi ownership of the nation 's oil industry - while letting Bush 's Big Oil buddies rake off up to 75 percent of all oil profits for an indefinite period up front , until they decide that their infrastructure investments have been repaid .
If we need to fill up to 75 just to rack up prestige , we 'll do it by adding people 's alts to the main SG .
Birkhead 's claims raise questions of whether she ran roughshod over her client 's interest in a quest to rack up airtime and legal bills .
The gunners , now wise to what was happening , raked the plane with flack and it blew up -LRB- Gibson , 1946:258 -RRB- .
And they purposefully offer those low rates to incite you to rack up debts and get you the day you miss some payment somewhere and all of a sudden , your debt incurs those exhorbitant credit card interest rates which suddently make you a very profitable customer for the bank .
wrote : 2 weeks ago I racked 5 gallons and after 5 days a white skin appeared on the top .
I racked must and all after stirring for 2 minutes .
Will you go up for an interview ? " Industriously he raked among his papers .
Kraft Foods profit margin went down a bit this last year , but they still managed to rake in 9.4 billion .
The BAT was able to detect high - energy Xrays from these heavily blanketed AGNs because , unlike visible light , high - energy Xrays can punch through thick gas and dust .
Maybe someday I 'll cease being the designated whipping boy for everyone with a legal axe to grind , but I guess that will require my ideological opponents to get thicker skin or rack up a few losses before they do .
In 2010 , it will rake in an additional $ 100 billion , and by 2015 an extra $ 200 billion .
yes , but MS will rack up another $ 1 billion in losses for the XBox division this year , it 's currently at $ 4 billion gone from this one product alone .
They look at one thing , how many copies am I going to sell -LRB- i.e. , how much money will I rake in -RRB- compared to the cost of producing those copies ?
A sudden sob racked her , before it was ruthlessly quelled .
Had two jobs thislast week involving grouting wall tiles , one where I have tiled a wall and one where I raked out the old grout on existing tiles .
While Oakland came through with two interceptions , a safety and a big three - and - out to start overtime , Denver racked up 26 first downs in its other eight possessions .
wrote : As a side thought , if the cops on I - 95 wanted to actually enforce lane discipline , they could rake in as much , if not more than , what they rake in from speeding and tag lights etc ... .
I 'm about to tell you where to download this AMAZING NEW FORMULA and you are going to rake it in faster than you can count .
Technically , the Federal case on Vince McMahon distributing controlled substances was all smoke and mirrors and the plot of an ambitious Federal attorney looking to rack up publicity , but the publicity was racked up and all of it stacked up bad against Vince .
hehehe I 've never hurt myself that bad , but a girl that went to school with me got mad at her boyfriend and punched her dresser .
i have never had to rake the 3 acres of ' yard ' because the wind blows the leaves off the grass -LRB- & what does n't blow off gets shredded by the lawnmower -RRB- .
I racked from primary to a gallon jug , and when I checked it today - exactly two weeks -LRB- 14 days -RRB- from crush - it 's almost perfectly clear and a nice dark red color .
Spyware rakes in an estimated $ 2 billion a year in revenue , or about 11 % of all Internet ad business , says the research firm IT - Harvest .
After I rack I always settle the lees in a fridge overnight and rack that to another container .
You came here seeking a means to avoid getting hassled by the gendarmes about overnight parking and I racked my brain trying to help out .
The group racks up huge phone bills accepting collect calls from the Orleans Parish Prison and the diaspora of correctional facilities to which arrestees were scattered in the wake of the storm .
As a point of information I rarely rack until the wine is dry ; 1.001 is still a bit sweet for a red .
For example , one day we both would rack the balls ...
Still manage to rake in a dime or two now and then .
The city raked in US$ 6.95 billion in gambling revenue , while the Strip made US$ 6.69 billion , regulators in the cities said .
While the corporations continue to rake in billions of blood - soaked dollars from the occupation of Iraq , it is working - class young women and men who will risk life and limb everyday for the next 15 months for a war that an increasing number of them oppose .
Judith just held to the box , fighting down the urge to rake her nails against Melissa 's snooty face .
After it had clarified I racked it off about 6 days ago , and decided to leave it in the secondary for about a month or so before I bottled it .
So what benefit are software companies actually gaining from all the billable hours their lawyers rack up writing these things ?
Oh , and did I mention I racked up nearly 55,000 experience points ?
It is n't the rate that matters when you rake in more money than the GNP of most countries .
Then you rake in cash like clockwork from a sea of hopeless punters - just like casino owners .
Then before racking off the fruit , I want to see if maybe I want more fruit flavor , in which case I rack onto more fruit .
John will undoubtedly rack up some legal expenses to defend himself from the trumped up charges brought against him .
Having said that at that mileage you could rack up some miles on it and have great value and fun motoring .
These cars are not rare enough or old enough to rake in much cash yet .
They live broke , stay broke and will very probably die broke , while a small minority continue to rake in the thousands ...
Hi Friend , Do you know that nowadays politicians use Internet to rake in donations , organize and get their message out for the campaigns .
TNN 's big winner for the night was Stripperella , starring Pamela Anderson , at 11:00 10:00 c which racked up a 1.7 household rating and 2 million total viewers .
The screams racked my entire body .
By forcing the women under his control to work as many as 15 hours a day , six or seven days a week , and paying them only enough for food and cigarettes , a pimp can rake in anywhere from $ 75,000 to $ 250,000 per woman , according to the police agency Interpol .
A former pizza delivery guy just raked in $ 33 Grand over the weekend by sending out an email to a few people that wanted to hear what he had to say .
Forecasters said the still - strengthening Category 4 storm could hit on Labor Day weekend as early as Friday night , less than three weeks after Charley raked Florida 's western coast with 145 mph wind , causing billions of dollars in damage and killing 27 people .
I sometimes rack my beers to a tertiary fermenter just for that reason -LRB- clarity and cleaner taste -RRB- .
You do n't know what harm motorists cause to the planet , you just cut and paste from the Daily Wail any anti-motorist story you can rake up .
I will post the final amount of copper after I rack off the yeast .
As we learn to better examine our cultural conditioning systems we may notice proposals for improvement .
They do make labeling errors on occasion , but why assume that pigment ink was exchanged for dye in this case ?
First , notice that pain varies a great deal between individuals .
A farmer 's wife whose husband could not make a living might make biting comments without being an aristocrat !
Here 's a link to a post I wrote that shows that Looney went a step further to redact and rewrite Oxford 's primary documents to make them look Shakespearean .
Jerry , another idea would be to sew one row of blocks to the vertical sashing and then , using a ruler , make a removable mark completely across the vertical sashing where each block joins some of the horizontal sashing .
Paradoxically , CS2 runs on win 2000 , so I have no idea why Adobe should make Elements unable to run on 2000 .
Disco make a very valid point !
I think I am finally reaching weights where people notice .
You probably are too self - absorbed to notice that my original comment was meant to be humorous .
When feeling around I notice a nut is still in place on the top of this connection .
For some odd reason kosher salt does not make me retain fluid , but regular iodized salt definitely does .
However , I did start to notice small oil areas in my garage .
The biggest difference I notice is the pep in the engine , already it feels much more responsive , especially when it s cold .
Walking around the airport I only notice one other plane with wing covers .
I just notice a rather foolish provision in the license conditions ...
A " Sou'wester " hat or " Deerslayer " cap look like they 'd make versatile headgear for cycling .
As regards Mallory I recently fitted a Unilite to my Rover V to replace the high mileage DLM8 Lucas having been assured I 'd notice a vast improvement .
As far as I 'm concerned Dell make good laptops , but I agree that thier desktops are a bit nasty .
On the other hand , the inclined saddle might make for a guitar chair designed to test the mettle of only the most dedicated of male performers .
Does anyone make a 30 cal sabot for the 50 cal muzzleloader ?
nobody will ever notice ...
The British government now have a clear moral duty to intervene on behalf of Jamil Sarah Teather , MP The group also urged the UK government to make " strong representations " for the return of at least seven other UK residents still held at the camp .
" The Kyoto agreement to limit carbon emissions will make little difference and is likely to fail The science of climate change leaves " considerable uncertainty " about the future There are concerns about the objectivity of the international scientists that has led research into climate change " .
Did you notice how Linus says " Torvalds " ?
notice the white smoke , the unburned fuel coming out of the tail , and the rough sound on idle .
I always notice because it irritates the hell out of me , and I get irritated as hell a great deal by all the people that do n't .
Some people wonder if these positive benefits make helping others an ultimately selfish act .
I guess with so few regular posters you really notice when people disappear or post less .
You notice every nuance in the inflection of his voice and the way he moves .
You will also if you take the trouble to read the post that appears to have offended your grammatical sensibilities notice that ' obstruse ' was correctly spelled - which would make it rather unlikely that I would misspell its peer , given that only the first vowel is different .
So we are at 6 and I 'll be going today which will make 7 she understandably wants to stay home with her son while he 's home on a short leave .
Crap like bones and feather and beak ought n't to make your dog sick but they do n't provide much in the way of nutrition , either .
But notice the vertical bars at the right side of the graph , which show the " 90 percent confidence interval " --- the chances that the graph line is actually where it is shown to be .
It 's really something when you notice every water bore well in the outback is on the chart .
They make pleasant companions and witty conversationalists .
Founded in 1999 by a group of experienced IT professionals with a goal to make IP based video accessible to all .
Indeed , Emmerich is notorious for movies that make educated people bang their heads against the wall .
Never make statements like " I like that my last company gave me a lot of vacation days , " or something similar .
How would they NOT notice the shaved patch and stitches from having the female spayed ?
I make more playing sober than drunk but the increase is not worth the loss of fun .
Here 's a spirited treatment which is both funny and pointed , injecting humor and critical observation to make for an engrossing and lively survey perfect for high school to college - level holdings seeking student interest in French history .
You might notice in those specs I quoted , that there is provision for two wires to be connected to one of the 3.3V pins on the PSU .
I almost always notice the brick chimney which was saved , when I go past the site of a house fire .
Fed funding hopefully would bring the research out into the light and establish controls regulations and make the miracle accessible for you and me .
I sometimes notice temperature on TV weather channel of cities around the world or in the US and SF usually seems to be around mid 70's in summer .
I ca n't tell you how much difference they make in eye strain .
:: Martha I notice that no - one suggested using a ' jeans ' needle .
You mean how can environmentalists make a quid out of Plate Tectonics ?
I notice them instinctively in every game since I played Doom 3 and FEAR and I already stated that they are secondary , but why not have both ?
Even the stupidest monkey should notice that is happening .
Cheney and ' a praetorian guard that encircled the president ' help Bush make decisions off - line , blocking contrary views .
Sometimes transcribed conversations can make a speaker appear less lucid than they had in reality .
People with good vision do n't realize that the little details they notice as being out of whack just blow by those of us whose vision is not that great .
Now that 's insanity , just make sure ya bring the kiddies with ya .
. On Saturday , the largest demonstration in the history of California occured in Los Angeles , the immigrant rights demonstration estimated by police who anyone who has been to any demonstration knows make the smallest possible estiamtes at a half - million and the march organizers as one million .
You may notice a constant dull aching in certain muscles .
Transponders absolutely work -- with no effort from me except turning on my transponder I often notice traffic vectored around my glider when flying near Reno I hear Reno arivals departures telling traffic I 'm there .
I 've notice my appetite has been increasing .
169 initiatives would make a significant contribution to the realisation of the European Research Area .
My mail man asked me if I was in show business and receiving mail from my fans Actually this is how the system works : Out of every block of 250 posts you make , let say you will get back only 5 responses .
Anyone notice some problem with the flow of time here .
I also make quality spring steel probes for the relic and bottle hunters out there .
And indeed it does not , since a scientific theory must make positive predictions which can then be tested to provide confirmation or falsification .
You notice supplements are BIG pills ?
You 'll also notice your same derogatory comment regarding my " lumping " together C and C with scripting languages completely disregards the intentional way I clarified this by saying " programming application development scripting " .
Young men , people with drug or alcohol addictions and elderly citizens suffering from dementia make up other significant subgroups of missing adults .
Make it easier to scroll , make it accessible ... .
It comes in silver and black casing and large keys make navigation easy .
i think if Honda were to make the gearing taller the car magazines would notice it and prospective si drives would have the sense to leave in droves .
" The choices humans make about future land use could have a significant impact on regional and seasonal climates , " says Feddema .
Out in the wild , animals tend to notice your presence long before the sound of your shutter would have a chance to bother them .
So if it lasts 6,000 hours with a start every 3 hours and a start costs 15 minutes , then continuous operation avoids 2,000 starts over 6,000 hours and would add 500 hours to the 6,000 hour figure and make it 6,500 hours .
Any serious monetary reformer would notice that public education is an interest - free loan .
Depending on the load on your network at your current usage level , you could either bring the system to its knees or hardly notice the additional load .
I have to distract them , then quickly clip a claw before they notice .
These countdown clocks make no provision for the Cheney doctrine , which calls for a new super 911 with weapons of mass destruction in the US , to be used as the pretext for a nuclear attack on Iran and for martial law at home .
Make your money work - Most people work for money but people with millionaire mindset make money work for them .
I notice even Opera has only just started supporting HSL colors .
I did notice my end link bushing are worn .
A brand NEW , factory sealed iPod Touch for FREE !!!
Similarly , teachers in San Diego this spring convinced the school board to scale back some of the district 's rigorous kindergarten initiatives .
" It 's time to scale up our operations .
Under - hood temperatures were a problem when they sealed the cooling system and went to higher temp thermostats , many years ago .
The glaze , originally used to seal a porous pottery body , is used solely for decoration on hard - paste porcelain , which is nonporous .
This is the kind of business you can scale into the millions from your kitchen table .
To seal your criminal record , you must fill out and file forms for both ...
The 2004 election was a steep political mountain to climb , but the President scaled it , and he did so with energy , passion , decency , and an unwavering commitment to principle .
The second Bush 's administration unfortunately began early , too , on that turbid Election Night in 2000 when Fox News set the tone of the unmaking of Gore 's legitimate win and the Supreme Court sealed the fix thirty - six days later .
Make your code able to scale .
at -RRB- ; The image scales correctly as determined by " scaleFactor " , however I also have some rectangles on the same page and they are scaling as well .
The vector parts will be cleanly scalable , but the bitmapraster textures will always scale up fuzzily .
- The flaps often do n't seal very well , either due to internal leakage past the flap , or from wear in the vacuum activators , or even perhaps a little vacuum leak in the tubing or controls .
Topcoat with Dullcote to seal in the decals .
Allah commands that you should render back the trusts to those to whom they are due ; and that when you judge between men , you judge with justice .
The Krofts and the Kingsleys both scaled back their European holidays to limit the pain of the currency pinch .
For the data to fit into the plot area I transform it so it scales & fits properly .
Despite the technical issues , EarthLink is confident it will be able to scale out mobile broadband across the city , as well as turn a profit on its $ 13.5 million investment .
Everybody seals their glider properly but that does n't cost much .
Either the poppet is dirty -LRB- do you take them apart when you clean the keg ? -RRB- , or the little oring on the poppet is not sitting squarely and wo n't seal right .
Therefore , If one reject the New Covenant sealed by the Blood of Christ , then the Law of Moses is all you have -- and NONE can live by the Law of Moses because there is NO Levi Priest !!
Once I 've got something reasonably close I can then scale it to 8 bits and do the final tweaks in the Gimp .
" The central issue , though , remains in place -- the hospital has had to scale back health services to American citizens to treat illegals . "
Seal the case up better .
Of course you can get these same DVD 's used off of ebay for the same price but would n't you rather have them brand new , factory sealed ?
All of our DVDs are 100 % brand new , and factory sealed .
It is estimated to generate $ 15 million in revenues in FY09E and scale up to about $ 25 - 28 million peak revenues by FY10E .
For that reason , my lack of discipline , I scaled back my rig and just use the basics .
I wish never again to have to meet a Bank branch manager who seals an envlope in front of me and hands it to her area manager to be hand delivered to the Managing Director because there is serious concern about the security of their internal mail system .
One application is to seal CDs which we store in a temp controlled environment .
Never enclose more than one return in a single envelope , rather seal each in its own envelope .
Fold the ends of the log inward to seal .
In 2004 , Evans and his aides significantly scaled back appearances with candidates , but an assistant treasury secretary returned to New Mexico to announce with Republicans Sen. Pete Domenici and Rep. Steve Pierce the release of $ 2.5 million in economic development funds .
Description : 38282 A pair of frisky amphibians scales the heights hoping to enjoy a cool clear dip as water sparkles from jug to jug .
Pinch any open edges together to seal .
HTML is not really designed for that -LRB- it 's designed to scale according to window size . -RRB-
3 -RRB- When Bonds swings , the weight of the apparatus helps to seal his inner upper arm to his torso at impact .
I can scale the marker manually like this : marker.iconImage.style.zoom
says : Barry Bonds critics can not scale these hurdles : Steroids use did not violate MLB rules when Bonds supposedly took steroids .
These hard - core " realists " want the United States to recognize that it too is a sinful nation , limited in its goodness as well as its resources , all too likely to overreach and eventually destroy itself if it does n't scale back its hubristic dream of enduring empire .
What you may not know is that by re-registering with a new ID in order to resume his crimes , he is demonstrating an increasing level of Malicious Intent , which will soon seal his fate .
Then on Yom Kippur , God seals these " books . "
I 'm guessing there is a gasket that seals the gap in the spark plug cavity between the cam box and the engine block .
But De Jong noted that the bill was being discussed just when South Africa had taken steps to scale back payroll deductions for consumer credit transactions .
I can see where trying to click them on a high - rez screen would be a nightmare unless they scaled the windows .
We travelled to Lander , Wyoming for an estate auction ; the estate was that of Paul Petzoldt 's widow -LRB- Paul Petzoldt being the famed mountain climber who scaled Grand Teton every year on New Year 's Day - and the family was very very wealthy in their own right . -RRB-
That way you only have to scale the image down , rather than up , and jaggies are less of an issue .
They are designed to crush to seal .
Early on , CBGBs compatriot Patti Smith sealed his fate as a keeper of secrets in an October 1974 issue of Rock Scene when she wrote that Verlaine 's " long veined fingers " were " reminiscent of the great poet strangler jack the ripper . "
On the other hand with careful set - up you may find that the SKY HD box does scale SD better and it 's worth having just to be able to watch SD adequately on your HD set .
Do you have any concept about what is going to happen when your problem scales to 10 GB ?
I followed him on several plays and he either moved opponents backward or sealed them off on the plays I watched .
wrote : Would the W and Z boson masses be expected to scale linearly ?
Safari / Firefox play nicely , and scale the custom images to the same icon size no matter how big the picture is that I point at .
When a puncture occurs , thousands of interlocking fibers seal the opening to prevent air loss .
I 've heard about using copper grease on the pins that single - sided calipers slide on , they have o - rings to seal grease in and British riders use the copper grease because they salt the roads and calipers corrode and get stuck .
Cheung sealed the entrance , attached paper wings to the cage , had it lift off the ground .
The air was thick with yellow - black insects buzzing between their wooden hives in Israeli - controlled territory and the pollen - rich flowers across the front line , just 500 yards away and sealed to human traffic .
Refine employment process and architecture so it will easily scale to fit in the enterprise scope .
The owner called to scale back sales consulting .
It seams that the problem was definitely that the gasket did not seal completely , and so even when the thermostat was fully closed , much of the coolant was actually getting around the thermostat and passing through the rad .
Some aspects of the task will scale somewhat slower , but I hope that they have used good sorting algorithms to avoid polynomial or exponential scaling where possible .
I ca n't seem to find where to tell Outhouse Express how to render the message , so I still ca n't see the the attachments there -LRB- except the signature JPG -RRB- .
When you get it home , do n't wash it ; instead , either stand the stalks upright in about an inch of water and cover them -LRB- and the container -RRB- with a plastic bag , or wrap the stem ends in a wet paper towel and seal the asparagus in a plastic bag .
He left a paper sealed up , wherein were found three articles , as his last will , " I owe much , I have nothing , I give the rest to the poor . "
But content - monitoring tools do n't always scale well and are of limited use in environments where network traffic is encrypted , says Wuchner - Bruhl .
They want their code to scale well , they do n't feel the need to squeeze every last drop of performance out of it .
When Mallory , who died during his third attempt , was asked why he wanted to scale Everest , he famously replied : " Because , it 's there . "
The idea behind potting a transformer , or vacuum impregnating it is to physically seal -LRB- lock -RRB- all the individual laminations to one another to keep them from vibrating .
Oh but wait , there 's more , that inexcusably was n't one of the choices above : HP also said it will scale back its retirement benefits for employees .
Put one paper inside each envelope , and seal it .
But they did n't know that the Lesbianists had let the Elephant , my abominant kid , lose from the cages that they kept him sealed up in .
: The big picture is that cycles on trains does n't scale .
A few things to watch for though : laser diodes , for example , they run more efficiently cold , and you have to scale their input currents down for safe maximum output power , so writing a DVD at full speed in a cold machine might make the drive die .
At that point , your body is n't absorbing or able to use that much , so you should scale back to the largest amount that does n't produce these symptoms .
Next , place one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them .
Close the lid and seal it up , and let it sit for about 5 minutes .
Felix , to answer your question , my recent work did scale down the intensity map that had been inferred in earlier work , but I conclude the earthquake was still bigger than 1906 .
It just gives you the factor by which you need to scale the value returned by the clock -LRB- -RRB- function .
The city is protected from flooding in the east by the Thames Barrier , the world 's largest moveable flood defense , which closes to seal off part of the upper Thames from the sea .
" If you react like this , they will just give it to you more , " he told Kumble , and the composure immediately returned .
People who take part in conservation projects report subjective health benefits , ascribed to being outdoors and to feeling part of a greater system connecting beyond the individual .
I do n't have to agree with them , and I often do n't , but I get reams of data and some interesting insights when my blogging friends report on political issues like abuse of the environment , or on the questionable veracity of a candidate .
Words can not report how greatly pleased I am with the outcome from using this stuff after 3 short months .
Anyway , either return an error code or put the requesting task to sleep until the next clock tick and try again .
This will stitch and blend everything and should report any errors during the process .
Gary Neville is still injured but should return from injury within a week or so .
Kubuntu always takes a little longer to get polished in the Ubuntu dev cycle , so that means more breakage and more bugs to report : Ah sweet breakage. .
Did God not have the intelligence to accurately report whether Iraq had WMD ?
It was too rough to cross the infamous Doom Bar so the rescue helicopter returned to airlift him to shore .
Do you really think the store would just return $ 20 without a coupon ?
Any good Chihuahua breeder is going to have a policy that allows owners to return pets rather than abandon them .
" We will make every effort to put the necessary programs and other pieces of a comprehensive reintegration program in place so that we can eventually return our inmates home , " Frank said .
Some software will report the correlation between the estimates .
I did this by hacking Proguard to change all the calls to System.getPropery to become calls to some other method where I can just simply return null .
Sharif Brothers can return .
I have seen Carfax reports , and the info they report is pretty accurate .
Before I report amazing temperatures to my doctor , I 'd like to know if I 'm setting myself up for a big embarrassment .
Even though these cards wo n't report any card practices that would work in your favor , any problems that go to collections will work against you .
These memories do not return full - blown with all details razor - sharp , but modern search engines quickly fill in the missing pieces .
8th graders will report to school at the regular time , while 6th and 7th graders will report to school by following a two - hour bus delay schedule .
Some patients also report experiencing anxiety , mania , hallucinations , and suicidality on the drug .
A small piece of DNA that helps bacteria commonly found in US meat and poultry resist several antibiotics has also been found in the plague bacillus Yersinia pestis , gene sequence researchers report .
There are other ways hull design can return energy to the sytem .
The older transponders simply return the squawk code that was assigned by ATC and entered by the pilot .
If you 're intent on doing it yourself , then you 'll need something like a " colour restoring " polish which is actually a very mild cutting compound to return the colour to something like it's original condition , and a carnauba wax for further protection .
I think we should erradicate all introduced pests and return the native animals .
The National Museum of Kenya requested in February 2006 that Hampton return the statue , and in September the university decided to loan it permanently to the Mwakiru family , said Milligan .
I 'm almost tempted to try Zenni for $ 65 and if it does n't work out either return them and recoup $ 32.50 , then spring for the more expensive ones at Optical4Less .
I used a smiley face , did n't I ? Does Fox news not report the Republican critter 's transgressions ?
I return messages at my convenience .
The Delhi High Court ruling clears the path for Mr. Soren to return to ministerial office either at the Centre or at the State level .
I did once report some fucks in a white Acura who pulled similar shit with me ...
Users with this problem report dark muddy looking prints that in no way matches the screen image .
Reporting centres have been set up across the county , to enable people to report hate incidents at a range of locations within the community .
A lot of people must have been shocked by a recent survey conducted by Assumption University in which about two - thirds of respondents said they would sell their votes in exchange for cash or benefits , and most would not report poll fraud to election officials .
Technically you can return image as string and set proper Content-type in response.headers .
Although the court did not specifically address media websites , lawyers on both sides of the case said the ruling would protect newspapers and other media that report defamatory remarks by third parties on their websites but not on their pages or on air .
Mr Bentley also said that Mr Yahya made it clear he did not trust the British media to report world affairs accurately .
wrote : Hmm -- I had searched the Washington Post archives before posting my follow - up , but found no mention of any change like this ; and my bank which does return checks has not said anything about it .
As for a larger umbrellas group , it 's something to consider and hopefully Jacobs will return to that topic in the future .
If this happens , you must complete and return the Court summons .
And , in several instances , Davol also did not accurately report the possible severity of complaints to the agency , a copy of an inspection report obtained by The New York Times under the Freedom of Information Act shows .
You can also register on that website and report your sightings .
Ms Reynolds has advised farmers across the UK to examine their animals carefully and immediately report anything suspicious .
I was what they called a seminar junkie , however , I also knew the education was priceless and would return ten fold .
We can also report that well - informed House sources now report that another GOP member who will soon be caught up in " Foley - like " problems is GOP Rep. David Dreier of California .
Inmates report that complaints filed through institutions are often ignored , said Donna Brewer , executive director of prisoner - advocacy group Garden State CURE Inc. Inmates also report frequently that the officers they complain about retaliate against them , Brewer said .
The supreme court ruled that Sharif could return to contest elections , but when he did so nearly two weeks ago , the authorities put him on a plane to Saudi Arabia .
He later returned for an acoustic version of " Dreams , " as well as an a cappella version of " Cabo Wabo . "
The US press still ca n't report what the European press reported yesterday -- that Omar Jaburi maintains an " initial hospital report confirmed what she has said . "
" Mr. Merrik , have Her Majesty 's shuttle dock in the main hangar bay ; Marines to report for honor guard detail .
Your ' answer ' did n't address the specific question because you never did return one to walmart remember , you refused to shop there and pay for my return privledges ?
Manufacturers also like the electronic system because it helps stop fraud by identifying those who return products while still trying to collect on rebates .
European Union officials visiting the Athens landfill last month drew the same conclusion and warned that they may demand that Greece return some money unless the authorities here use it to promote recycling .
Another FRTF recommendation I especially like is , return Soaring to being a great magazine .
Voltages from the meter could report defects even when router is working OK .
CBS and AP report that 43 people died " including 24 officers " -- police officers .
Patrick Alan Watts wrote : I 've never had any problems using this function to return an embedded asset as a bitmap which I can then manipulate or attach .
I find it very annoying when labs report potassium results that are incompatible with life , knowing full well the sample was no doubt hemolyzed , without at least a comment acknowledging the fact .
and honest buyers will report any suspicious bidding pattern they notice .
Soon she 'll return millions more " space seeds " for students on Earth to study .
But Ansa also asserted that Imola could return in 2008 with a different organiser , following the expiry of the ' Sagis ' deal , and if new paddock and pit facilities have been erected .
That function will always return an int const --- which is the same as an int , given that const is ignored on non-class type rvalues .
Please report any bugs you may find , so they can get fixed before the final release .
In addition , provincial and local governments have arrested journalists and closed newspapers that report on matters perceived as socially offensive or critical of the government .
Some witnesses report seeing him nearby at a convenience store buying some love wax and sex air freshener when the attack started .
Just report it , Google wo nt talk to you in human form , they are " too busy " .
Words can not report how highly satisfied I am with the consequences I achieved from using the remedy for 7 brief weeks .
I personally have no preference as to whether it returns strings or native types for numeric values .
And then there 's good , old - fashioned guilt : 14 percent of workers report feeling guilty about missing work while on vacation .
Identify , analyze , and report any serious compliance issues , and develop action plan for approval by management .
The fgets function will return a null pointer if no characters were read from the stream , so the answer to the first part is YES .
But Chino returned to Spain a different man .
Shannon I am surprised no one seems to mention that it took Voldemort 5 books to return - yet Harry managed to do it in one sentence .
No , it does n't look terribly good for the Yankees ' pitching right now if they do n't re-sign Pettitte and / or convince Clemens to return .
wrote : Ideally I would like to get on some kind of Columbia House type of mailing list , where each new Bach arrangement transcription for guitar can be automatically mailed to me and charged to my American Express unless I return them within 24 hours .
To order books from the Read Ireland Book Review ' simply return the Newsletter by clicking your reply button .
Under this single - payer program for the elderly , people report less hassle , easier access , lower out - of - pocket expenses and more satisfaction than those with private insurance .
If they match we report success and return the corresponding value .
The letter asking the VC to disengage all staff was referenced SSSGE60Vol .
So apparently little if any DMSO diffused out of the water and into the TTO .
All that light is still hitting the screen , but instead of producing a clear reflection , it diffuses through the surface .
AFAIC , the diff is that , unlike old-school cleats , you can disengage at the last second from an upright position .
Where one publishes a work , where one deviates from the main language , one should translate into the main language .
Gossip is a sort of smoke that comes from the dirty tobacco-pipes of those who diffuse it : it proves nothing but the bad taste of the smoker .
If I ever need to disengage it , I 'll grab a stepladder .
We hope to make this institution one of the great lights of the world , and by and through it , to diffuse that kind of knowledge which will be of practical utility , and for the public good , and also for private and individual happiness .
Also , it is forbidden to abuse it in any way that would make it deviate from the purpose for which Allah created it .
This will help to diffuse the situation and at the same time you will better understand what it is that the other person is saying to you .
Ulama have to disengage themselves from the state .
There were two places where I had to deviate from the instructions .
On the '91 Deville DHS there is an option to engage or disengage the positraction .
O2 diffuses through it rather quickly .
No region deviates more than 5 years from the average male or female life expectancy .
Doowie , Fhean and Behn only arrived yesterday and these are their first photos and the first time in the bath , they were quite nervous so I diffused the flash .
The Bush administration attempted to disengage itself from any responsibility .
Therefore , if they deviate from this suggestion , there is the chance that they will run into problems .
Krsna , by His different energies , diffuses heat and light through the agency of electricity and the sun .
The Octalink spines sheared off and the Shimano engineers did not recognize that it was not for long enough spline teeth that it failed but because it unscrewed and disengaged the spline to a point where it WAS too weak and sheared off .
Not one of them did anything to diffuse the situation and I 'll make an argument the guy who swung a few months ago did nothing to diffuse it either .
Is it just a matter of programming in the computer that disengages the clutch when the car comes to a start ?
It was just an if statement that disengages the length-checking routine if the header being parsed is X-Face .
By the time all that stuff got through most folks would likely be using 64-bit Windows where all this is a non-issue because there is one dominant calling convention and there is no reason to deviate from it because the ISA is n't as register-starved as 80386 was .
I shift back into 2H with no load on the tran -LRB- coasting -RRB- If I put the trans into nuetral and shift in and out of 4wd it will disengage at some point.I
They are desperate trying to find ways to diffuse the information coming out ...
On the other hand , there 's also the remote possibility that the halt was something of a ruse , used by the IDF to -LRB- a -RRB- diffuse the public relations crisis triggered by the Qana incident ; -LRB- b -RRB- reassess its bombing campaign , and -LRB- c -RRB- gear up for the next phase of the offensive .
What else would help is the MSM that would be willing to deviate from its cherished belief that the only solutions to any problems are more government spending and higher taxes .
Not too familiar with the MBP , but it deviates quite a bit -LRB- per point 2 above -RRB- from my MacBook Amateur .
We 're actually laughing about it , since humor helps to diffuse the intensity of the situation .
That was the thinking of & quot ; PeaceMaker & quot ; creator Asi Burak , whose game allows players to act as both Israeli and Palestinian leaders as they seek to diffuse tension in the Middle East .
Ariens did n't do this and as a result the solenoid which is powered from the alternator does not disengage until the alternator -LRB- and engine -RRB- has almost stopped so I get feul in the muffler .
If it engages for a few seconds and then disengages over and over then it 's probably low refrigerant .
and also , whether she was sneaking non-failsafe food from other sources - but I know my friends would n't give her anything unsafe , and her friends just do n't like her behaviour when she deviates from the diet , so that was n't a factor .
It 's pretty safe for them to be outdoorindoor here and this probably diffuses anything .
Reed called for the U.S , to disengage itself from Iraq 's & quot ; civil war & quot ; and to develop a strategy to deal with both the diplomatic issues in the Middle East and the pursuit of Al Qaeda .
Johnson says that on the same day as the confident Gen Abrams reported , Dean Acheson , a former secretary of state , said he felt that we could no longer do what we set out to do in the time available ; we had to disengage .
And there 's a way , I think , over time , where the coalition can disengage from the inter-ethnic violence and reposition itself in different forces structures and all of that that goes with it , coupled with a lighter footprint that can make it much more effective and much more efficient and much more acceptable to our publics , because it is a huge cost in terms of human lives and resources .
There is the fact to give some credibility to the story , and now it 's time to deviate to fiction and inflammatory drivel .
CO2 , however , diffuses through rubber at a rate of about 150 , which makes it easy to notice that cartridge-inflated tires go flat quickly .
In one of the best showings , Vanguard Small-Cap Growth ETF deviated from its index by just 0.01 percentage point , according to Morgan Stanley .
The Army , police and NSG diffused several bombs , which failed to detonate .
So a bubbler could allow up to of O2 -LRB- similar to 1cc of air -RRB- to diffuse into the beer every 3 months or less than a teaspoon of air per year .
If he deviates too far , the penalty is sure and swift ; he sickens and dies .
With training camp sarting next month , Phil is trying to diffuse the negative publicity from Kobe by making himself out to be the bad guy .
When you lift , TCC disengages , when you get back on the gas , it reapplies after several seconds .
They are desperate trying to find ways to diffuse the information coming out against them .
The flipping on of the ' lav occupied ' sign disengages the glideslope portion of autoland .
In coasting , the cluthc is used to disengage the transmission , as it would be in changing gear .
Yes , traces of oxygen can diffuse through the wall of a Better-Bottle carboy , but experience indicates that the impact is negligible and more than offset by a wide range of advantages .
The diaphram engages and disengages the drive .
However , I do wonder just how far we can deviate from the language of the will .
We have a good long-range plan here and we ca n't afford to deviate from it .
No , they just diffused through the interior of the pre-cell .
I admitted to him that what I did was wrong -LRB- I went around another vehicle and through a stop sign , wihtout really stopping -RRB- , and that I had nothing to say in my defense , but he pushed it , and pushed it , until I could n't help but explain myself to try to diffuse his anger .
2 -RRB- The system will focus on a number of spots simultanously some diffuse some points .
You do n't want to deal with me then disengage , stop mentioning my nym , and harrassing me .
Strick & quot ; strick & quot ; wrote : Hi , I ca n't get the 4WD part-time to disengage .
It is simply a custom in my country to get a gift of this sort from our Nigerian friends and I do n't want to deviate from accepted social practices .
That was the thinking of PeaceMaker creator Asi Burak , whose game allows players to act as both Israeli and Palestinian leaders as they seek to diffuse tension in the Middle East .
It disengages us from the real purpose of the application and misinterprets our sense of dissatisfaction .
Ford still disengages complete axle on SD trucks and GM disconnects differentail in 2wd on all their 4x4 models .
I do n't think you need to worry about excluding air - the surface above the sponge or whatever is full of CO2 from the yeast , so very little oxygen is going to diffuse into the sponge , especially if you have it covered , and this will keep it from drying out , too .
We do not know how far the AG 's version deviates from the first draft prepared and published by the Police Royal Commission .
You may hate me , and if I want to love you , you repulse me .
President Wilson was the driving force behind the League but the Senate repudiated his agreement .
Jonson repudiates the whole ' eulogy ' in De Shakespeare No Strat .
I reseated the vacumn lines but that had no effect .
Reseat the ROM module .
In a statement later on Wednesday , Groenewald said Nqakula 's answer repudiated his provincial commissioner Calvin Sengani , and was welcomed .
First of all , it 's important to point out that Woods did not repudiate blacks or blackness .
So easy to repudiate that , you wish that were in fact what I am saying .
So what I did was restart tomcat with ulimit set to 1024 file limit -LRB- ulimit -n 1024 -RRB- reran depot-setup deploy with no error .
Yesterday , NickToons reran the Season 1 recap short .
If I rerun tracepath , starting mtu to the host should be 1492 , but it is 1500 again : luna : tracepath belmag.vpn.clink.ru
In fact , if you have the runflats , you do n't even have to reseat the tires .
That 's right , you have to claim that Kant personally , rather than professionally or philosophically , repudiated solipsism .
Even Darwin himself , near the end of his life , apparently repudiated it .
But a few of them wanted to marry me , regardless of what the other girls said , but , ultimately , I could not go through with marrying one of them , because from Day One until the last day I knew them , they repulsed me physically .
Then they reran the tests again , and it still stopped as good as it did before .
If you try to rerun this swf , you will see that it gives you those in random order .
Of course , you dont like Americans , and Mcdonalds , as an American company repulses you .
He expressed fears that any attempt to repudiate the transfer of the peninsula to & quot ; The place has already been ceded , so I do n't know how they can retrieve it , unless we go to war , and I am not ready for any war .
I changed the channel on the router , and I reseated the AirPort card , and the antenna , and it is still giving me problems .
Did you ever reseat the AGP card ?
Luckily , it 's easy enough to turn off with a workaround : you have to rerun the & quot ; Speaker Wizard & quot ; in & quot ; NvMixer. & quot ;
I respect your opinion and your right to it and being an american , I would fight for your right to say it even though the very thought of what you say repulses me .
Well there is Snape , the tragic hero of the book , who risks everything for the love of a dead woman who repudiated him .
OK , I just do n't see where the Beatles & quot ; came to repudiate buying things , and having things just because they could have things and buy things & quot ; It seems to me they had and bought more than most of us .
Britain 's Labor Party repudiated its leader , Prime Minister Tony Blair , ordering him to resign by next September , as well as beginning the reduction of its military forces in Iraq .
Doug is the nice guy that repulses you .
Now , unless they rerun last night very quickly , it would be difficult to drum up an audience .
- The whole business is so slimey and disgusting it repulses me .
These statements were later shown to be false , and the airmen repudiated them after returning to the United States .
Yet now that he is under attack from his erstwhile media base for refusing to repudiate the war in Iraq , we think he deserves some covering fire .
I reran CEICW , and while it was saving changes , the other workstations were finally able to access the Internet again .
You figure that because he 's already done something that repulses you , that he will do other things that repulse you .
In the same way Congress repudiated an out-of-control president three decades ago , the House and Senate must show the world today that our celebrated system of checks and balances is not just a fanciful mirage .
2 -RRB- Reseat the checkball .
I looked for the TCCM to reseat the connector but not sure what it looks like .
Reseat all of the socketed chips .
You pay for one month and if you have n't sold it at the end of the month they will rerun for free until you sell .
I did not say whether she -LRB- as a Jew -RRB- should or should not repudiate the ADL .
-- DSH I hope the president will repudiate and distance himself from the vice president 's remarks , Pelosi said .
I do n't know if they reseated the tire .
wrote : Enguerrand I de Coucy repudiated his wife Ada de Marle for her adultery .
You repulse me by even -thinking - you are worthy of being a fan of Melina .
If the program has the problem after ten hours , you 'll be able to back up and rerun the last hour or so .
The only way I 've found to remedy it is to rerun the Flash installer .
Second , he was a distinctly unorthodox Catholic , though I do n't think he ever repudiated the Church .
Even after the nation repudiated the Iraq war decisively in the 2006 midterms , even after it has become clear that the Bush administration 's Middle East policy is severely unbalanced toward Israel and has damaged America 's standing in the world , Congress still can not bring itself to stand up to the AIPAC line .
I did n't have to rerun the script .
I did reseat a couple of fuses , so it may have been that .
So it is impossible to express how somebody repulses you without it being ad hominum ?
Please rerun the emerge above ith the -t option so we can see what 's going on .
He outed the USPNAC airbase installation during the first debate , and repudiated it , to the resounding SILENCE of the left-wing press , who had already decided he was a supporter of the invasion , because of the 25-25 split the political risk vote in the
She then repudiated her first husband , the negligent castellan Alberic de Beaumont , and married Enguerrand : Marle and Coucy belonged to him only by right of his wife.These
I pulled the rom board and reseated all the roms , but that did no good .
Today , the United States has 30,000 more troops in Iraq than on the day America repudiated the Bush war policy and voted the GOP out of power .
What is the best way to reseat the daughterboard ?
& quot ; If you are not tough enough to repudiate a scurrilous , outrageous ad such as that , then I do n't know how you are tough enough to be president of the United States. & quot ;
We call upon the public to protest against these statements , for the Prime Minister to repudiate them , and to show concern for the rights of the Nation of Israel in its land. & quot ;
When I compiled to exe and reran a few times , the results were different .
Just reseat the plug for the CPS !
And the Administration maintained , until the Supreme Court majority in the Hamdan case finally repudiated it ---- they said that in 2001 , Congress authorized the President to do whatever he had to do to deal with the situation of the attack in America .
The Supreme Court repudiated Cheney in Hamdi v. Rumsfeld .
I 'd like to see the House episode with Trachtenberg , but they apparently they do n't rerun House very often so there may be a wait .
So I reseated the 128MB SODIMM again .
In Pennsylvania , this happened en masse over the past year , as natural gas supply companies repudiated supply contracts due to the fact that they would have been forced into bankruptcy if they had been compelled to supply natural gas at the contract prices , given the massive increase in the costs of natural gas .
I suspect it was in an attempt to reseat all connections that could contribute to the problem .
Hyper-Violent Usenet SICKY Rim-Job Roselles Repulsed By His Own Posts .
Then you recompile the file with baja.exe and rerun Synchronet to reload the changed file .
They made him look like a fool , and he seems happy to repudiate them .
Indeed , Rips explicitly repudiated it in his public statement on the matter : ---------------------------------------- PUBLIC STATEMENT BY DR .
-upgrade & quot ; and then rerun the testsuite .
I then reran autofs and was able to log in and get access to my files .
Having already consumed a half-dozen whiskies , I could not repulse an urge to purloin a mahogany and brass-plated Bilderberg gavel .
In a letter to James L. Connaughton , the head of the White House Council on Environmental Quality , Rep. Henry Waxman , D-Calif. , the chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , called the campaign an & quot ; inappropriate use of taxpayer money & quot ; and asked Connaughton to repudiate it .
Friday , September 28 , 2007 Bush repudiates Limbaugh 's attack on the troops Two qwartloos on the small one !
0Mo veOn -RRB- Before a single Democrat condemns MoveOn 's ad , they should insist that George W. Bush and the Republican Party repudiate the anti-military smears on war heroes that have been the hallmark of Mr. Bush 's political career .
I reran a full build of 2.8.13 , on 10.4.11 , with the new cddlib and cremona spkg 's .
I reran GSC and I think it 's fixed now but I have a bunch of errors on Google .
looked like hew as forced a bit out by stoner -LRB- unfortuantely donlt have a DVR here to rerun and see for sure -RRB- but if he did n't come back across then , he would have run out of track .
The fact that the citations elude you should give you a hint .
The Business AnalystProject Manager will work as a liaison among stakeholders in order to elicit , analyze , communicate and validate requirements .
The thing I love the most about Dirk is the way the mere mention of his name elicits the most colorful and unrelenting rainbow of profanity from JonA 's mouth .
Judging by the responses he elicits , he & quot ; ruins & quot ; his gimmick all of the time .
2 questions were used to elicit the reason for the visit : & quot ; What is the main reason for your visit ? & quot ; and & quot ; What other concerns would you like to talk to your doctor about today ? & quot ;
So I wanted to elicit your opinion on what does it look I should do , i.e .
What on Earth elicited this diatribe ?
It 's very simple , but the simple fact seem to elude a lot of Americans .
Make sure you elicit what is really important to them .
there is nothing in the word & quot ; approximation & quot ; that says how the approximation is elicited as you state , then why do you say that using a target stick to elicit an approximation is shaping ?
In fact , Ledeen was more than a pundit , which elicited grudging admiration even from critics like Matthew Yglesias , who wrote after his name surfaced in relation to the forged documents about yellowcake from Niger -LRB- which he denied any involvement with -RRB- , I used to find Ledeen 's habit of popping up in these contexts to be a bit shady .
Many of the nation 's most-wanted drug kingpins continue to elude federal forces , often with the help of local police officers .
Two incidents that occurred yesterday morning , dead birds in Austin Texas and a strange odor across New York , and the reaction they elicited , underscores the fact that Americans are living their lives on a day to day basis in abject fear of being a victim of a new terror attack , despite the fact that they have an equally dangerous chance of being struck by lightning .
and even an infant , but their names elude us right now .
When the 4C gerber inquiry elicits a response that one ace is missing , why would n't you just bid 6NT knowing that you 're off an ace ?
I have been trying to capture this sight with a camera for several years now , but it continues to elude me .
Habsburg was caught by Fusa and Mikasa , and was unable to elude its pursuers .
The precise identity of & quot ; him that backward went to Berwicke & quot ; is no longer clear , although references to the exploit survive , as testimony to the public notice it elicited , not only in Jonson 's poem but also in Rowley 's A Search for Money .
Of course , the question of how to elicit the same level of warm-n-fuzzies in English is not trivial , though phrases like & quot ; hundreds of & quot ; would definitely seem to get the meaning across .
The fact is that if a 3,000lb piece of metal is coming at a officer driven by a suspect who had already tried to elude him , he will get out of the way while firing his weapon to make sure that if he does get out of the way successfully , that the driver is not able to turn the vehicle and attempt to kill him again ... .
Considering the UK has its share of religious politicians , I do n't think there is real backing for this bit of humor , except to elicit a giggle , which it did .
But then again , the very nature of a RR does n't necessarily elicit or require replies .
When someone hits her with a question that is meant to elicit something that she has not been forewarned about , she gets extremely rattled , because she does n't know how she is supposed to answer .
-LRB- Names elude me atm , but it is early in the week - MZ ? ? -RRB-
But it 's supposed to take a pointer , and will thus elicit a warning with -Wall , and on some architectures possibly breakage , if you feed it a char , which is what you really want I think -LRB- I guess that 's what made you use a pointer -RRB- .
The negotiators met for an unscheduled third day of talks in an attempt to find a solution that eluded them earlier in the week .
Caste violence -- the murder of Dalits , gang rapes of Dalits and OBC women , the brutal repression that still separates parts of eastern Uttar Pradesh , Bihar , Orissa and Madhya Pradesh from the 21st century -- does not elicit any response from the state .
The revelation that DYFS had literally lost track of Faheem and his family elicited the outrage -- and political will -- to drive what has become a nearly half-billion - dollar reform of the long-mismanaged and underfunded agency , said Cecilia Zalkind , executive director of the Association for Children of New Jersey .
The reasons elude me , but in his case I used to think it was a good sign .
I do n't know what Melinda said that would elicit you calling her what you did .
SoBig.F authors continue to elude custody .
There are several which elude me at the moment .
One thing that elicited some disagreement last time is the part in which Wil tries to take on the hell-god solo .
It requires no qualifications , to ask a person a question , that elicits a yes or no answer .
While Giraldo alleged she was raped , during the trial the state elicited testimony from her during cross-examination that she did have a brief consensual relationship with her cellmate .
But the Women 's Open has continued to elude her .
It did n't elude me .
I thought the purpose of using the probe was to see if the probe would elicit any painful reaction when it was inserted between the teeth or in the grooves of the tops of the tooth .
Maybe they can elicit the truth from SiliconDust in the face of potential bad publicity .
A point that will always elude you .
The mere mention of his name elicits oohs and aahs from exercise physiology departments in colleges and universities all across the country .
and it is n't likely to elicit much sympathy from anyone who runs the numbers .
All this while trying to elude his ex-wives !
Even chairs and basketballs elude us .
SUSE 10 has come close but some of the simplest things elude me .
Until that happens , podcasting will elude those on the other side of the digital divide .
I 'm wondering what kind of response it will elicit from the wild-eyed theists on this group , though I shudder to think what it might be ------------------------------------------------------------------------- .Gaping
In this case , once Lumi realized the bow felt good , it was an easier response to elicit .
But it seems that ones for Linux elude me .
Apart from your racist , hate-filled drivel , I cant work out whether you are trying to elicit sympathy for this fellow-moron of yours .
The story is obviously intended to elicit sympathy for these prisoners , but I 'm not sure it is successful in that regard .
With respect to Bangladesh , considering the development of a new software system , developers have to suffer to elicit the need as well as the expectation of the corresponding client .
Even a direct question , such as & quot ; Do you have HIV , & quot ; would elicit a & quot ; No & quot ; response from me .
No Skaapsteker , the content of your submissions does not elicit a more considered reply .
Even such a glimpse into the realm of our body cells elicits admiration for the work of scientists in this field .
But , then , if that were the only way I could elicit one of his responses , then I might even learn to do it deliberately ...
Looking back over this list , I realise little of it is going to elicit much sympathy .
A move towards Taiwan Independence will elicit an instant response from China and get the issue over and done with once and for all .
Far too many are able to elude their own doubts , but you are facing them , and that is a good thing .
These questions are only the beginning-there is far , far more about this event that , after half a decade continues to elude answers .
Some of these creatures are the Loch Ness monster , Bigfoot , the elusive Yetis of the Himalayan range , and the Australian Yowies , among others -- examples of beings that elude the best human efforts aimed at their capture .
You have been useing the term troll You know that a troll is one who post 's bs to elicit a response .
The latter comment elicits an audible rumble , but Dave wo n't have any of it .
It is a simple concept that seems to elude many people here .
could elicit a response along the lines of & quot ; I get down on one knee & quot ; if a rather cheeky defendant does not know exactly what is expected of them .
& lt ; snipped Flick , I do n't know what Melinda said that would elicit you calling her what you did .
They did n't realize that it takes a clean past , conviction and courage on the part of the leader to elicit such a response from the masses .
I know that Mike Sherman elicited a strong negative reaction from some fans out there , and I understand where that came from .
I 'm sure there was another Knizia game but the name eludes me so it ca n't have been very interesting .
Why you can not admot for once that it did elude you , that a Canadian was killed in Hatyai ?
He was trying to elicit from the youngsters , rules that their parents might give before taking them to a nice restaurant .
Activation of this system by opioids elicits the release of hormones from these organs , which had been demonstrated to suppress lymphocyte activity as well as natural killer cells and macrophage function .
So she 's contributing nothing , asking us to contribute a lot -LRB- and that 's just with trying to understand what she really wanted to know , instead of what she actually asked -- nevermind actually answering the questions -RRB- , and does n't even seem to care enough to try to ask questions that could possible elicit any kind of interesting discussion .
If there is nothing in the word & quot ; approximation & quot ; that says how the approximation is elicited as you state , then why do you say that using a target stick to elicit an approximation is shaping ?
At a news conference with the Americans and their Russian counterparts , the question elicited a smile from Russia 's foreign minister , Sergey V. Lavrov , and guffaws from uniformed members of the general staff sitting in the audience , as if asking it were audacious .
I know that these questions are answered in the manual , and I 've read the manual , but they still elude me .
I really thought that one would elude capture until the end .
This Administration does n't always elicit the most sophisticated critiques from us , does it ?
In my opinion , the goal of the introductory post was to elicit the sympathy of at least some of the SCJMers in the hopes that he will now be able to post his personal secular ideas as being torah-based alternate expressions of Judaism without any challenge from the rest of us .
It 's just an idea , and I 'm curious what comments it will elicit .
Unfortunately , this knowledge and , much more importantly , the attitude that nurtured it , was lost in the Dark ages and the advent of Religion , which taught that the Universe behaved the way the Church said it did , and there was therefore no need for people to think about it .
We can enjoy the benefits of recovery , but we must take care to nurture their true source .
2 -RRB- Use some form of dynamic compression , eg wave hammer , so that the softest parts are no less than -15 to -20 dB and normalize all music to peak value of 0 dB .
Both sides will work to normalize peaceful relations between all parties in the region .
Jager then thumped and nosed Shinobi then went from being in his & quot ; loaf bunny & quot ; position to full binky .
When we are more aware of the fact that our bodies are also important in terms of our personal growth , we may find it easier to nurture them .
There was a moment when the doctors said we should remove the tube , but I could n't do it , because as a mother you nurture . '
To nurture the new life that sprouts from the graveyard of the old .
If that 's all that 's going on , that will normalize the disk .
It helps to normalize things a great deal .
It 's important for a couple to nurture the relationship in an ongoing way .
He and I chose to create this child , and I chose to nurture and bear him .
In so far as the state is concerned this means that government in particular needs to develop policies that recognise and seek to advance the interests of the arts and culture , and that seeks to nurture local talent .
& quot ; In the long run , we must nurture people 's ability to think and that does n't mean just schooling , & quot ; he said , adding that Thai soap operas filled with violence and romance revealed much about the condition of society .
My hope is that many people will have the opportunity to normalize their status .
Leaving Pac Hiway he nosed into the left turn and stopped over the line and the camera flashed. he says I just got a ticket ! .
If it was of some concern on your side of the border authorities could see to it that no reason will be provided to nurture it - instead of adding fuel to the embers .
& quot ; We are trying to normalize mental illness .
For example , if one sample .75 and it has a length 10 , it would be easier to say that I counted this .75 value 10 times in the average , instead of using the value of 7.5 which I then have to normalize and is harder to explain as a value .
we nosed around in there and saw nothing. . He
This has to start with a commitment to protect and nurture all of the community 's children .
I did n't think it was a very wise idea to take things off the table if you 're trying to get people to modify their behavior and normalize it in a civilized way , said Rep. Gary Ackerman -LRB- news , bio , voting record -RRB- , D-N.Y .
I had one big crash yesterday that I nosed into the grass field .
Yale is the one they nurture the ones , who sell out the people of nation to the ruling class .
Where the Moon is we need to absorb and nurture the archetype .
We all need to take a stand against the cultural decay that the left is trying to normalize .
She nosed one a few nights ago along the driveway about 10 feet from where I was standing waiting for the dogs to come back , and I was shocked she did n't get bitten that night .
Hymes ' office , which nurtures promising technologies that can be used by the military branches , plans to spend $ 9 million -LRB- 6.6 million -RRB- over the next two years on the effort .
He should have the ability to isolate and normalize the system and associated equipments .
We should also be mindful of the fact that in addition to their contribution to the economy , many of these women go home after a hard days ' work to nurture their families and do household chores .
Said he never felt that in the neighborhood that was supposed to nurture him .
If you think about it , you 'll realize that Scrape 's warning is a self-fulfilling prophecy in the sense that it 's our responsibility to create and nurture a true spirit of community .
When he came to my trail , he nosed the ground cautiously , and then an extraordinary change came over him as all of his body hairs stood on end .
A workaround is to have the router normalize the TTL of outgoing packets .
This is a great opportunity to nurture your own movement practice , as well as nurturing the dance community on the East Side !
The young boy took over the business and nurtured it with the help of his two brothers -- Charles and Sathya , who are also directors of the company today .
Most importantly , low-carb normalizes blood glucose for those who are pre-diabetic or mildly diabetic .
he nosed through the rooms , slowly .
We can nurture the beauty of the earth and feed our children at the same time .
Americans , having caused the old order to collapse , have a responsibility to nurture a new one before they decamp .
In fact , taking the time to replenish and nurture yourself will give you more energy and you will be better able to support those you love .
It is also a good idea to keep your pipeline full of clients that you can nurture and eventually sell to .
In other words , how do you play with a puppy in such a way that it does n't nurture excitement and dominance ?
To me , it 's just about acceptance , about things that are different , and being able to normalize that .
But while American popular music normalizes those sentiments it also moralizes them .
It is critical that we the People defend and nurture this Right for the next few years .
This situation continues to force the state 's hand , and the government is attempting to gain control over the jihadists who are striking at the very security forces that nurtured them in the past .
She usually noses the door closed enough to keep the cold air in but not enough that it latches and she ca n't get out .
It was because of a large increase in gut incretins which normalized the diabetes before weight loss .
But instead the guy nosed the plane over and headed straight for the ground .
How do you normalize GR wavefunctions Tom ?
GenerationDB , believes that it takes the Global Village to nurture the Identity of every Child no matter what its age .
It needs some finetuning , and as a baby Wiki project I will nurture it like a small plant .
It is something that I nurtured , particularly with the help of this group .
It is my opinion , and that is all , that simply being amongst the actors and the Stratfordian intelligentsia would not have been enough to nurture the mind we see exhibited in the works .
The narcissist 's very self is a piece of fiction concocted to fend off hurt and to nurture the narcissist 's grandiosity .
I think that at least one of the demonstrated migrations will take a table with data that is n't normalized and normalize it .
China 's draft proposal called for a nuclear weapons-free Korean peninsula , for North Korea to normalize its diplomatic ties with the US and Japan , and for the North to receive energy assistance and
I understand that her imagination is probably one of the most important things that I can nurture right now .
In fact they were very careful to nurture the right of user community and it took them three or four years to do that , and then the community were really the ones who grew it from that point .
wrote : Jeisea and Rain , Thank you for taking time to nurture our group from the ground up .
A T-6 landed on US 41 on the 22nd , the luscombe that nosed over , a highwing that landed too hard and collapsed its gear , and the 2 mustangs that collided resulting in 1 death .
WS-S basically normalize the XML and signencrypt it using private-public keys .
Kelly , with this character , was just the man to carry on any piece of roguery for his own advantage , or to nurture the delusions of his master for the same purpose .
Even without a serious challenge , he broke Capot 's track record , going a mile and three sixteenths in 1:55 45 while Navy Page nosed out Alerted in his wake .
In return , Washington agreed that the United States and North Korea would respect each other 's sovereignty , exist peacefully together and take steps to normalize their relations .
It seems that I should be getting more mic gain from the pre-amp , so that I do n't need to set the output gain to 4 o'clock and then normalize in Cool Edit .
Then , too , we humans have some sort of opinionation about babies that we should nurture and protect them ...
I do ' normalize ' to try to get myself in the middle but it takes away some of the warmth of the voice .
He told her , & quot ; When taking dick-tation , Your job is to nurture inflation .
For example , if you decide you want to normalize the peak level in track to -3dB ref , and the loudest peak in the entire selection is at -12 , then EVERYTHING in the track is boosted by 9 dB .
I landed on the grass field and nosed it a little too much .
out of the basket and she was the one who nurtured him as her own son .
At the same time , it nurtures talent and has launched some of the biggest names in the creativity business .
Of course , if they reeked of eau de 2 , you do n't have much choice ! !
The proper reaction to a tether cut at the ISS end is to do nothing - it will recoil away from ISS .
And people will come from the east and the west and from the north and the south and will recline at table in the Kingdom of God .
It reeks with sedition .
It reeks !
And even if it does n't kill it , it still has go back to the floor , and possibly face yet another motion to recommit it .
It is a three position chair , I guess you could call it a recliner except that it really does n't recline all that far back .
I first noticed the Centrios about two years ago but it looked like a frog covered with Asiatic bling and I recoiled in horror .
She recoiled the both since her his presence in Mr. Bailey look back at to put a Nyomi Arman opening Nyomi Arman .
No matter what you call yourself , your bullshit still reeks , Edmo .
Many Americans will recoil from the prospect of being governed by an unchecked triumvirate of Hillary Clinton , Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid .
also , you wrote last week that & quot ; this thing reeks of 2005 & quot ; and as much as I do n't want to believe it , I have that same sense as well .
He recoiled from the designation televangelist , however. & quot ;
It is not fair to expect the person in front of you not to recline the seat when the person in front of them is reclining their seat .
Sometimes I drive down the road , and the engine reeves , but it does n't increase in speed .
EA 's suckage still reeks even after he left the team .
It would surprise me not at all if Gauvin was responsible in this case , since she reeks SLEAZE .
it reclines and i got a reclining loveseat ... . .
The stuff reeks .
I 'm coming back to FreeBSD now , but until I have a bit more experience with all the changes -LRB- so I do n't just recommit everyone 's mistakes from the last couple years -RRB- I think I maybe should n't just go ahead and commit .
On this subject , by the way , I think it would be easier if you meditated every day at a regular time - routine is a very useful tool , however much free-spirited types may recoil from it .
In any case , it reeks like a project that wo n't transpire anyway .
In any case , it reeks .
It reeks of cowardice and self-flattery.We
That reeks .
That is , make it clear that unless he is willing to recommit to your marriage , you do n't want him around and do n't want to be doing things for him .
Is this an old man who reeks ?
Well , suddenly Tom recoiled , pasting himself up against the window .
When it says to recline on Pesach we have to !
The article reeks of FUD , but has a point until you realise that nobody in their right mind would waste money on a Radeon card .
& quot ; People will come from the east ad the west and from the north and the south and will recline at table in the kingdom of God. & quot ;
Georgie Boy reeks but it is not with intelligence , as he continues to prove .
To pick out one moment , I can think of when I was studying IR at University , it was here that I caught a glimpse of the beast of modern day capitalism and recoiled from that glimpse .
However , on a trans-atlantic flight , I need to sleep and I will recline .
The blood of his body recoiled before it .
He is certainly under enormous pressure to alter course , and he may have to do so no matter how much he recoils from it .
The back reclines up and back .
Well , it reeks like one .
In the meantime , I 'll reeve the old halyard until the replacement arrives , and we 'll continue to sail as though that was the way it was supposed to be : -LCB- -RRB- -RRB- As we 're just going to attend to lots of little chores , and perhaps get in some touristy bits , this will likely be the last from me for a while .
As long as Senile Al is in charge , the Raiders will continue to reek of suckage .
River 's hand strayed low on Kaylee 's belly and suddenly her body recoiled .
The whole thing reeks of propaganda .
I can recline in a special chair for about 15 minutes but then I have to either get up for a while or lie down .
On Thu , 09 Aug 2007 00:06 : 45 -0500 , n5hsr wrote : I fart in your general direction Your mother was a hampster and your father reeked of elderberries .
This book reeks of : it .
They reek of the 20th century and we no longer need that kind of aggravation .
He added that seats are designed to recline , and it is part of the normal operation on the aircraft .
The world recoils today at the thought of bacteriological warfare , but Israel was probably the first to actually use it in the Middle East .
: -RRB- Haggis reeks , though not in the sense that a lum reeks .
Pelosi defended the Democratic efforts to end the war , and said she did not have the power to end it on her own by preventing funding from coming to the floor , because Republicans could offer motions to recommit that likely would pass .
For one thing , I suspect that when people see what it was like in the 11th century , they will recoil .
COLBERT : It reeks in there !
As she reached forward to get my books , she recoiled in horror .
And people will come from the east and the west and from the north and the south and will recline at table in the kingdom of God .
It reeks .
It really reeks .
& quot ; We have to recommit ourselves to refocus on safety in this country .
If you travel in economy class and a person sitting in front of you reclined the seat , 15-incher would not be able to open up completely on the tray -LRB- 17-inch is even worse -RRB- .
Tolkien recoiled from coercion .
& quot ; He reeks of dishonesty .
But , it reeks of urban legend to me .
This reeks of a scam .
wrote : If you travel in economy class and a person sitting in front of you reclined the seat , 15-incher would not be able to open up completely on the tray -LRB- 17-inch is even worse -RRB- .
There may be a moment when he recoils from the senselessness of the crimes .
That reeks of objectivity .
The gods themselves recoiled at the sight of Hades , & quot ; horrible , noisome , dank & quot ; -LRB- 386d -RRB- .
I personaly do n't recline as a courtesy to the person behind me , but as long as the seats recline , people will recline them .
Not only did we fight off the GOP 's deadly motion to recommit in the House , which would have effectively killed the bill , but we beat back a filibuster in the Senate .
This book reeks of it .
I think the whole situation reeks and I feel bad for not only Barry because of the timing but Kirsten as well .
The usher recoiled .
Are you suggesting I do n't recline ?
' Well , ' he says , ' when I started working in this field in the early 1980s and told people what I did , they would recoil and say , God , I bet you are analysing me and reading my mind right now !
Anyway , the whole thing reeks of National Geographic , if you ask ME ! !
Townshend reeks .
According to Solmonese , lawmakers ready to vote on ENDA were not willing to vote on the motion to recommit and that 's when it became clear the votes were not there for the gender identity portion of the bill .
No matter how much I cleaned the litterboxes , the litterboxes still reeked .
In his words , we are losing Afghanistan , and must recommit to victory in that country .
The one that has the bubbles reeks of of H2S .
Now I 'm not averse to recoil particularly , at least I do n't think so .
Plus , generalizations are tricky creatures , Mike , and I think , while there 's going to be something going in the Anglosphere , it 's certainly possible to posit an Americocentric movement to develop in the postwar ebullience of the US .
I would posit that the population of the UK has more co-ancestry than Arizona but I have no figures .
Fichte took Kant as his starting-point but finally rose above the level of subjectivism and posited a principle of reality , the absolute Ego .
Or you could also make the case for : Dedicated to making sure a gullible public is made aware of the filthy , lying scumbag Edmond Wollmann , who seeks to ply his fraud on Usenet with the real Edmond Wollmann that he posts as him because of OCD disorder I do not have an OCD disorder .
That was the wholism Heidegger posited .
What does this have to do with anything - it has to do with all this talk of supersessionism that posits one 's own faith as better than someone else 's , why ?
Otherwise , I posit that you are being handled by TFCVP .
I 'd posit that there 's no real difference .
Bob Kolker John , While at this point in the NG 's existence , when there is a decline in SHWI activity , it does pain me to cite the charter in order to shoot down anyone 's post , I do have to say that the TL you posit about American fundie Christians moving to Israel with the result of Israel being Christianized is future history and thus OT for SHWI .
Instead , with their off-the-wall leanings toward the Knights Of The Round Table and sixteenth century leanings , I posit that Mark and Gav decided that 21st Century marriages are not of their liking .
That would be one of those opinon things , and , in this case , a fairly uninformed one , I would posit .
I would posit that it 's describing the results , ergo , optimal should be used .
The Toba catastrophe theory posits a supervolcano that caused severe climate change for a few years .
I 'll posit that you 're more comfortable fending off gay bashes than accusations of being a troll and a buffoon .
This paradigm was shaken by the 2005 publication of Dying to Win : The Strategic Logic of Suicide Terrorism by Robert Pape , a professor of political science at the University of Chicago , who posited that a suicide attack represents a rational and strategic approach to politics .
I still posit that it is indeed a matter of trust .
, I posit that there is a spirit in the brain .
Dr. Olayiwola Abegunrin , formerly of OAU and now a professor at Howard University , posited that the Nigerian military bear some of the responsibility for & quot ; destroying our institutions ... by
It posits love not only as the greatest good but as the greatest power as well .
Merav and I had no choice but to dig in while the rest of the table envied our gluttony -LRB- we plied them with frequent small & quot ; tastes & quot ; -RRB- .
Jews have a theology that posits a unique relationship between Jews and the creator-god of the universe .
The coformation hypothesis posits that the Earth and the Moon formed together at the same time and place from the primordial accretion disk .
Structural-Functionalist An alternative structural-functionalist view argued for by Zenia Satti posits that the UN must be seen historically .
3 . Sepkoski posited 3 faunas , termed the Cambrian , Paleozoic , and Modern , based on their times of greatest diversity .
In such a case the army , which is a reflection of the society in which it lives , will posit an existential dilemma between those who favor the sovereignty of the state and those who favor the sovereignty of the halakha .
The communitarian code posits that it is morally acceptable , if necessary , to sacrifice a few for the good of the many .
At the time , I posited that someone would come in higher than Terence .
At the same time there was a thread sometime back hear where someone posited that , against the grain of the automotive theme , the four-ten was a .410
While proposing Bishop Ajayi Crowther Local Government as the name of the council , the monarch posited that that gesture would help to hasten the development of the village .
This is exactly the scenario the OP posited .
A bachelor fellow named Ward , A pretty young woman , adored , He took her to dine , And he plied her with wine , And when he took her home , she was floored .
Then there is no way to slow things down , as you posited .
The fact that astrology posits a personalcosmic nexus takes us out of the realm of mere , or horizontal , typology .
But even if this is true , there are many factors that can contribute -- epidemics , immigration , etc. Of course , if you are going to posit that life expectancy at birth has not increased , the burden of proof is on Trudeau .
By the way , Elizabeth , if you 're going to posit that True Repertory is a pamphlet , what do you make of the & quot ; Noble Lady & quot ; salutations ?
I realise anything I say can be brushed off by the opposition , but would also posit that you know nothing that would link Shakespeare of Stratford with any kind of further education , or , if you 're honest , any kind of education at all .
Kris Baker wrote : Sounds to me that there 's a troll here , attempting to posit himherself as Mr. Maxson .
I got to know the staff , and they plied me with red wine -LRB- free -RRB- to help me sleep ! !
His apparent age -LRB- which his MK4 and THE THING appearances in the last couple years suggest should be in the 9-12 range , rather than the eternally-five you posit -RRB- , therefore , really should not be used as a basis for judging the relative ages of those around him .
KWW Genomic instability posited the worse case scenario and no one has responded .
The author of this post posits that there is a problem of the self that needs to be solved .
And I 'd posit that is a trainwreak even when visited with IE .
& quot ; Too gorram ugly ? & quot ; he posited .
Of course , you ca n't see a tree as part of a holistic system , you can see a tree , and you can posit a holistic planetary system with the tree in its proper place but it seems to me you can only see the tree as a tree .
Subject : -LSB- sangkancil -RSB- Re : In Good Faith I had the chance to listen to Zaid as part of the Fast Forward Panel this Monday night and he was excellent especially his response to a certain En Ali from Selangor who posited that non-Malays should be grateful for their wealth and control of the economy , citing the Sarawak timber trade .
She posits that language is affected by perception , and perception , in turn , is affected by language .
More Snippage : & quot ; As a Christian , I posit that there is a spirit in the brain .
Stan Boleslawski wrote : John , While at this point in the NG 's existence , when there is a decline in SHWI activity , it does pain me to cite the charter in order to shoot down anyone 's post , I do have to say that the TL you posit about American fundie Christians moving to Israel with the result of Israel being Christianized is future history and thus OT for SHWI .
I also imagine that the container vessels that ply the ChinaUS trade routes do so across the Pacific , and do n't come anywhere near England , and that whatever the cost of shipping something by boat between Asia and North America , it has little or nothing to do with the cost of shipping between North America and Europe .
You can posit that it has other meanings also , if you like , but you can not get away from the notion that & quot ; tempus fugit. & quot ;
They posited dark forces in our society and violence at the root of human nature .
The author posits a difference between the Divine and God that was a revelation to me .
Communication theory posits that there is a sender , receiver , and information transmited for communication to take place .
He posited , for example , a substantial possibility that Bacon was the major & lt ; emphasis influence on LLL .
I have a what-if somewhere around here which posits Korolev dying a year earlier , and Chelomei building a practical lunar program .
& quot ; The magnitude of drug promotion astonishes , as 100,000 drug reps visit doctors , residents , nurses and medical students every day and ply them with free gifts , meals and gadgets , & quot ; said Kassirer , the former editor of the New England Journal of Medicine , who has written a book on the subject .
That 's what I posited , in my own fashion , in my comment atnear the end of the Abaddon thread .
Hello , Architect , actually , I posited just that .
I posit that the Dumbledores are descended from Antioch Peverell .
7 . COMMERCIALIZATION EYED FOR ROOM-TEMPERATURE TRANSISTOR LASER In the September issue of the journal Applied Physics Letters , researchers at the University of Illinois show that a heterojunction bipolar transistor laser is capable of room-temperature operation , which posits the laser for commercialization in the near future .
The procedure that he posits is wholly arbitrary .
, which posits that we may well be at the peak of a bubble .
crackerjack legal correspondent , Dahlia Lithwick , posits an interesting motive for the firings as well .
Along that continuum was the thinking in Europe , which posited that Africa was & quot ; nothing but the unrewarding gyrations of barbarous tribes. & quot ;
One of the recent Hillary bios -LRB- & quot ; A Woman In Charge & quot ; by Woodward , have n't read it -RRB- posits that she would have had a political career even without Bill .
It 's not unreasonable to posit it ; rather , it is impermissible .
At one point , the researcher posits that for the origin question & quot ; what banged & quot ; , the answer is & quot ; entropy & quot ; .
JM The problem is not that theists posit a God who created the universe as we find it .
But Democrats would be foolhardy to fall for a conservative strategy that plies them with overconfidence for success in November .
But neither did he posit that Snape was on the bad side .
? At the time , I posited that someone would come in higher than Terence .
Existentialism posits that perception is reality , so what I believe to be real is real , if only for me .
But even if one were to posit arguendo that you are correct to say that it would not be lawful in So .
Having fallen out of favor with his father since his marriage , Dustin found himself without a place to ply his trade .
The military explanation posits that since the government has been planning a major military offensive against the LTTE , it did not want any constraint to be in force inhibiting the actions of the armed forces .
It then posited , however , & quot ; Why they think what they do is considerably more complicated. & quot ;
The induced conformation model posits that the activated conformation for the active site of a given initiator caspase is attained through direct interaction with the apoptosome or through homo-oligomerization facilitated by the apoptosome .
The herd mentality is a much more powerful force in this regard than in the manner that you posited .
I have heard a couple of people posit that the reason the government needs to fund it is that private industry does n't want to spend the $ $ , because they do n't know what kind of payoff there will be .
I would posit that Magton , if there is ANY substance to the company whatsoever , is having the stuff made in one or more of many mainland China-based cabinet makers .
The Most Effective Way to Destroy a people is to Deny and Obliterate their own Understanding of their History .
Of course , my wife and I have other friends and encourage each other to nurture these friendships .
Nicole Hackbart , 25 , Tina Pioszczyk , 26 and Alexander Wenta , 27 , are to nurture the egg 24 hours a day .
No battle , the PSX obliterated the CD32 in every possible way .
Showme where he said he wanted the power to obliterate religion .
I have n't tried this out for a while , but if you click on the hardsoft links that I 've used to obliterate the blogspot links and you get a suitable putdown , please feel free to use the same method yourself .
IF it was the enemy doing all of it , then he 'd just obliterate the lot of ' em .
The only problem is getting the 345 to nuzzle under the Jeep 's 6 banger hood .
It includes a dark license to kill , to obliterate all those who do not conform to this vision , from Muslims in the Middle East to those at home who refuse to submit to the movement .
To obliterate information from a storage medium , such as to clear or to overwrite .
These books have and continue to help me out one day at a time , they are light , nourishing , spiritual affirmations and tools to help nurture your soul .
You should nuzzle with the muzzle of a Smith & amp ; Wesson .
They have a strong desire to bring down , crush or obliterate some object of that anger .
if they see something that outrages them -LRB- such as the new york times refusing to interact with non-brass u.s .
With the intention of being a busy tea room I am aware of how much boiling kettles for each order will slow things down , while I 'll nurture the slower nature of the tea experience I am aware of needing a compromise with the necessity of turnover , but ultimately I wo n't compromise on quality at the end of the day .
Of course , a woman can partake of the synthetic principle of creation , as a man can nurture a child .
It was the responsibility of the educational system to nurture a mindset which was conducive to
Therefore , you do n't just walk around and obliterate the image of God .
In effect , what should be a river carrying blood back to his heart has turned into a lake , which has now expanded to obliterate the rest of his features .
It is in crisis now , and we have a rare opportunity to & quot ; reinvent money & quot ; as people lose confidance in the US government , the dollar , the war on terror , and to nurture new systems based on truth , cooperation , respect , shared recognition of our interdependence , humanity 's desire for genuine peace and freedom. & quot ;
Midtown was in a position to house kids without a lot of money , and the South tends to nurture eccentric behavior .
And it 's going to obliterate the world as we currently know it .
But then again , I 'm not one of those people who wants a hot sauce that will obliterate the taste of food by virtue of searing my tongue .
The mitzvah is not simply to obliterate Amalek in order that there will no longer be any more Amalekites in the world .
The book 's portrayal of male-to-female -LRB- MTF -RRB- transsexualism , based on a theory developed by sexologist Ray Blanchard , outraged some transgender activists .
But most important , he has used the sledgehammer of war to obliterate the separation of powers that James Madison enshrined in the U.S. Constitution. & quot ;
The fact is , there really are people in the world who seek to obliterate America , and it 's just like the president says : we fight them there , or fight them over here .
Cut out the sophistry and here is one of the regime 's favorite Jhollawala economists admitting that REGA is just a ruse to nurture countless NGOs that can be put to the service of the Congress and Left during elections .
Simon 's got an arm around River an ' is glarin ' at him , Kaylee 's nuzzled up against Jayne who 's refusin ' to be cowed an ' Zoe 's gazin ' at Mal every kind of sad an ' exasperated whilst Wash holds her hand .
Today 's APOD : Luna occults Saturn 's Rings .
So long as no one group is strong enough to obliterate the other , the better off everyone is .
At the same time , it does not obliterate consciousness so much as make you aware of both its capacities and its limits .
This is excellent for small minds , though , as it gives them some simple strategy ideas that they can nurture and use as they get older .
In a sense , Carlyle may be the ultimate in privatization : the use of a private company to nurture public policy -- and then reap its benefits in the form of profit .
Elsewhere , the discovery of metals nurtured a new kind of wealth .
As in the earlier play , the first glimpse of Britton here is in a state of inebriation : Is he drunk because he 's trying to obliterate the memory of Kate ?
you must obliterate the memory of Amalek from under the heavens. & quot ;
McNabb was the first to break the barrier with 318 and this obliterates that .
A reflection on the windshield suddenly obliterates his face , and the film is over .
-excludeactions label , obliterate -rowlimit 0 -begindate 2007-08-21T 10:32 : 22 -enddate 2007-08-21T 10:39 : 49 -host quad-us-dns01 -user build -password ... deleted ...
So do you think the same player who wants to build a cellular organism and nurture it on that level is going to follow through all these experiences ?
I think he 's comfortable in his role as a man and proud of what he can do for his patients and he 'll nuzzle and sweet talk Sam and give him kisses .
Nor is it an act of faith to obliterate the Golden Rule .
In many ways Ms. Abramovic 's redux would have been the perfect illustration of the strange obsession , nurtured for more than a decade , that is bringing her to the Guggenheim : covering famous performance art pieces , much in the way one rock band covers another 's hit , adoringly but in a different voice , with new riffs and rhythms .
So anyway that filth-spewer and warmonger , George Bush was speaking after the tragedy of the marines in Ohio , he said a couple things that outraged me .
may be a wide potential audience , but hey , you may not have infrastructure to nurture an idea till it may or may not become a popular application.Also ,
But we can all testify that most of our parents and grandparents did they best they can to protect and nurture their loved ones and give them an opportunity to celebrate life .
I say leave them alone until they bother the Isralis , or any other western nation , then obliterate them .
But it wo n't necessarily ossify the language for all time .
Lord onlly knows what outrages McGonagall had had to spend months putting up with at Hogwarts from the two of them .
Now , men such as Tad Taube , Sigmund Rolat and Severyn Ashkenazy , after making fortunes in the United States , have returned to Poland as philanthropists to nurture a grass-roots revival of Jewish life in their homeland .
There is no difficulty in saying the transmitted text is wrong , but with this kind of error , which obliterates all trace of the original words , there can be no claim of certainty for any emendation .
It obliterates the spiritual life .
But all this does n't guarantee that onrushing waves will obliterate the Republican sandcastle on November 7 .
328 : The nature of the project is to obliterate any 1965 $ .05 piece ever made ?
A year later , Kristol nuzzled up to The New Republic 's Lawrence F. Kaplan to break into a cakewalk jig on the National Review dance floor : Having defeated and then occupied Iraq , democratizing the country should not be too tall an order for the world 's sole superpower .
We are a team of people committed to our faith , and to helping others nurture their faith , or kindle the spirit that dwells within those who have not yet come to fully appreciate their relationship with God .
I 'm drinking more , to try to obliterate everything .
I would have liked to occult that fatal shore And a wave , angry and prattling wave -LSB- Val serditiy , govorliviy -RSB- Washes tears from the cliff .
& quot ; Herewith I appeal to Shoghi Effendi , as the Guardian designated by the Master , to preserve the democracy of the Bahai Cause , to protect the vital dignity of man , to obliterate all the traces of negation , to herald the universality of the Message of Abdul Baha , and , in so doing , to expel expulsion and excommunicate excommunication .
If I could wave a magic wand , I would n't obliterate the spammers first .
We must obliterate Amalek , and all that this evil nation represents , with the intention of & quot ; transforming the world into a kingdom of the Almighty. & quot ;
Todd recognizes that he is not very strong , and he 's trying to nuzzle up to the stronger guys .
The church bears witness to Christ when it nurtures the moral life of the nation for the sake of peace in the world .
And what if you looked at it yourself as not a separation , but two weeks to heal , and really took some time to nurture yourself ?
And in November 2008 the PEOPLE are going to obliterate and extirpate all of the conceptions of the neo-cons from both the Republican and Democrat parties or whatever is left of them .
Try to engage the ATR or the Y-Wings after you obliterate the first flight of R-41s .
But the only thing that outrages you -LRB- and people like Scott -RRB- is the screw-ups that can be laid at the feet of George Bush .
A business plan makes it easy to nurture the business .
If you are n't , it is imperial that you take some time to nurture your spiritual side .
The USSR rapidly developed into a power that , for the first time in history , had the capability to obliterate the US .
She would nuzzle .
Urquiola says there is no need and tells Yami to obliterate her .
Though the New York Times suggests that the new law chips away at the foundations of the judicial system , the law actually seems to obliterate the old judicial system .
Your counterargument against my inductive procedure , from SOS-x to SOS- -LRB- x-1 -RRB- , to SOS- -LRB- x-2 -RRB- , down to SOS- -LRB- x- -LRB- x-1 -RRB- -RRB- , seems to suggest that & quot ; pairing inaccurcy & quot ; thoroughly obliterates straightforward tendency for induction when passing from SOS- -LRB- x- -LRB- x-2 -RRB- -RRB- to SOS- -LRB- x- -LRB- x-1 -RRB- -RRB- .
You love to nurture long-term relationships with friends and acquaintances .
He felt Simon kiss his nape and nuzzle his face into the crook of his neck , growling or possibly purring as he did so .
For that they rake me over what they think are their hot coals of derision .
Critics say that such a maneuverable spacecraft could be used to ram enemy spacecraft or attack them with weapons .
It 's not more work than any other Postscript interpreter ; just instead of letting the graphics operators render the stuff , just collect them into a PDF .
They assumed a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial species , and in doing so rendered the warming news a bit less rosy .
Well , he stole a truck , rammed a police car in an attempt to kill the officer inside , then car - jacked another vehicle and holed up in a home trying to take the family inside as hostages .
But if you are interested in the spectacular comets with big tails in the sky that made history , in most cases you will be only able to find its position at the time of its apparition , and nothing else , because the closse encounter with the planets will render the orbit chaotic in the short - range .
In the first wave and the first Strider of the second wave use the car to ram them .
I think the only James Clavell I have is his I Ching , which is n't as good as the Richard Wilhelm Translation rendered into English by Cary F. Baynes .
Now , it 's just as if someone rammed his truck in a parking lot -LRB- hey , wait ... .
And because Kastner rendered us a great service by helping keep the deportation camps peaceful , I would let his groups escape .
One option is to have a " borderless " tickbox , which basically just renders the text without any portlet styling around it .
IE will render these pages as " tag - soup " -- that is , it will render them the same way it will render any other badly formed page .
I assume that had he been infront , he would have stopped well before the others , but rejoined in clear air , thus giving hime the ability to ram home the advantage .
So they go public with inside dope on the machine they previously had themselves helped to ram pall - mall into our bodies and our hearts .
In August 1939 , when Chamberlain rammed through a two - month parliamentary adjournment just weeks before the war began , Churchill -- then still a backbencher -- exploded with anger in the House , calling the prime minister 's move " disastrous , " " pathetic " and shameful . "
Keep calling your Senators today , toll free numbers include 1-877-851-6437 and 1-945-220-0044 , or call toll 1-202-225-3121 AND REGISTER YOUR OUTRAGE at ongoing efforts to ram through Amnesty !
The ship began to plummet out of formation , and rammed the Victor , splitting the second ship in half .
But Jesus 's reply was lost because Judas had produced an emission of such ferocity that it rendered all else inaudible .
To date , the national press corps has n't shown the slightest interest in the details of Hastert 's miraculous land deal , in which he pocketed a 500 percent profit in just four years ' time , thanks entirely to the fact that Hastert used the power of the speaker 's office to personally ram through legislation that directly increased the value of his own land holdings .
And a widow in that town used to come to him and say , ' Render a just decision for me against my adversary . '
Then , injuries slapped the Broncos with a vicious one - two set of haymakers that rendered the eventual final score and the circumstances therein relatively irrelevant by comparison .
For 13 " x 19 " , I 've found that it is sensitive to paper alignment : It is possible to load the paper crooked enough that it 'll just sit there and ram the paper into the side of the carriage , eventually ripping it .
wrote : snip Ask the prof to entertain you with his stories of how he likes to ram his knees into the lower backs of passengers on his flights so they wo n't be able to recline their seats .
63007 Scotland Glasgow 5 Hoping for mass casualties , Islamic radicals ram a car filled with gas canisters into the main entrance of an airport .
you got some mechanism to create data that you want to render , be it Blender , 3DSMAX , Maya , Lightwave , you name it .
If that light is linearly polarized it renders either the metering or the autofocus ineffective .
When I had a beta once I put a female in with him and soon after the morning after I found him swimming around with hardly any fins and she -LRB- the female now -RRB- died a while later -LRB- she apparently rammed herself against the aquarium cover and died -RRB- .
when a man rammed a bomb - laden car into a convoy of vehicles driven by Afghan employees of U.S. Protection and Investigations , a private American security company that guards foreign contractors .
The 101 Forward Control Club and Register Tom Woods wrote : I believe i rammed a replacement bolt in of a slightly different size and thread -LRB- hoping it would self re-tap the hole to some extent -RRB- which was covered in threadlock .
In Safari , the listing is fine , the filename is correct and the image renders fine .
On April 23 , two suicide truck bombers rammed a U.S. Army outpost near Baqubah , exploding two bombs that killed nine American soldiers and wounded 20 others .
and shall not He render to every man according to his works ?
The suspect admitted to being the driver , but claimed he did not ram the off - duty agents on purpose and said he fled because he got scared .
The tribune of the " talkerics " has , no less effectively than the press , condemned the rulers to inactivity and impotence , and thereby rendered them useless and superfluous , for which reason indeed they have been in many countries deposed .
Repay them according to their work , and according to the evil of their deeds ; repay them according to the work of their hands ; render them their due reward .
This put me closer to where I want to go , but of course the new tiddler does n't render properly .
The truck rammed into the vehicle and pushed it inside the shops , said a witness .
Near the northern city of Mosul , a suicide car bomber rammed into a police convoy carrying an Iraqi brigadier general , killing five policemen , the U.S. military and police said .
That would entail any and every indulgence that renders our flesh strong and our spirit weak .
All his works are admired for the sensitivity with which he rendered effects of light and color and for the poetic quality of his images .
I for one do not wish to have this carbage rammed down my proverbial throat .
Or they could be getting covered with dust and are still there but rendered invisible .
When I moved the link to the end of the page , it will render , but then when one clicks on the link , IE throws an error .
Alternative point of view : Even if the Democrats were to win big , the Bush bunker crew might well try to ram all their policies through , by executive fiat if necessary , while they still control the military apparatus , the Justice Department , FEMA , etc. -- and dare anybody to stop them .
O I 've seen mine gut a fish that it could n't eat whole , but never just ram them repeatedly .
After questioning the owner of the residence , agents received permission to search the home and found a male matching the description of the suspect who rammed the agents hiding in a bedroom .
The object of the cult rendered to them was to appease their anger .
So what I see there is a guy who rams it down there throats when he 's got the edge , but who has n't shown quite the ability or the will to take the fight to them when he does n't .
Also , in violation of our founders ' clear intent , Republicans try to ram harsh and narrow sectarian fundamentalist religious " values " down our throats .
But the cute phrases , awkward verbiage , and excessive exclamation points render FOX ' news for dummies ' .
In the absence of such third party certification you have to follow some indirect methods and precautions that render your site reliable .
And , just to be a real prick , when there 's 1 minute left in the game and we 're ahead by 20 - something points , rather than take a knee , we 'll g'head and ram another TD down their throats .
This company renders crayon scribblings of toddlers into some kind of abstract art ?
The deductible is the amount of money you pay out - of - pocket for veterinarian services rendered that your pet health care insurance plan does not cover .
By leaving the citizen as much freedom of action and of being as comports with order and the rights of others , the institutions render him truly a freeman .
If some form of SmartRender is not used , then many programs will take perfectly good mpg footage and render again , losing a lot of quality along the way .
WASHINGTON , DC -LRB- NSNewsMax -RRB- - Leading Capitol Hill watchdogs are sounding alarms by plans of the soon - to - be Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , and her majority of House Democrats to ram through a new law that would seriously undermine free speech - and put restrictions on conservative groups and others who encourage ordinary citizens to directly deal with Congress ...
Movies and novels are both about story , and try to sweep you along in their worlds , but they 're immersive in different ways : a movie renders you totally passive because it fully engages two senses , sight and sound , while a novel invites you to participate , because it engages no senses , only the mind .
" From that point , the fecal colored parasite rammed a number of other vehicles , another police car and then bailed out again , " Harris said .
Dick Simon Trucking driver Mike Bowers , who had a history of legal and mental problems , rammed his vehicle into the Capitol 's south portico .
Only after the BR rammed , and Marines and sailors boarded , the Serapis did Capt. Pearson tear down his colors and surrender his ship .
The perverted terrorists deprive their victims of sleep to cause them to have vehicular and other accidents , make them irritable to other people , and render them ineffective in their work .
" I caught a brief glimpse of the suicide bomber as he was about to ram his car into the convoy .
The exact same people who rammed the Iraq invasion down America 's throat are doing the same thing with Iran .
So of course , a moron might pick that up and run with it , extrapolating that if animated gif smilies are hated in WOS , then all text rendered smilies must be hated in CSS ...
My hosts have been having spamcomment issues and it renders weblogs.us
In the absence of such third party certification you have to follow some indirect methods and precautions that render your site reliable .
If your ideas are any good , you 'll have to ram them down people 's throats . "
Instead , there is a super hush - hush surveillance court that is virtually impotent ; the FISA , which has enough loopholes and exceptions to render it nearly useless ; and an executive order that was designed more to protect the intelligence community from citizens than citizens from the agencies .
If someone decides to ram you off the road then there is little you can do if there are no witnesses as you are unlikely to be in a situation to get the number plate .
The constitutional protections that , in the past , rendered KSFO 's kind of rhetoric more absurd than frightening have been steadily dismantled .
They 'll ram their lawsuits and know that leftist judges will , in most cases , side with them .
I would really like a " friendlier " litter , but clumping for the rake is important as it rakes ten minutes after the cat has been there .
The problem is that when I import it into my FCP sequence , it " flickers " skips even after I render it .
These techniques were developed with the idea of invoking talismat -LRB- 9 -RRB- as an extension or compliment to the judgment rendered through astrological application -LRB- nunjun -RRB- .
. This just in : Hezbollah rammed an Israeli warship with an unmanned aircraft rigged with explosives Friday , setting it ablaze after Israeli warplanes smashed Lebanon 's links to the world one by one and destroyed the headquarters of the Islamic guerrilla group 's leader .
Once a Caucasian male FBI agent in a Comcast van threatened to ram into my car from behind and came within half an inch of hitting me from behind even though there was no traffic altercation between us on a city street in Southfield in Feb 2002 .
After crashing the stolen car , the suspect rammed into a police cruiser and officers fired at the driver of the stolen car , killing him .
Or how can ' Nature ' render him ?
With the new Democratic Congress poised to ram through heavy - handed climate legislation , the U.S. may be heading down the same path .
Back in " the day " .LBR was a common format used to send multiple files via modem as a single file .
We shall soon see the official eradication of ANY AND ALL sexual - minority websites , newsgroups , lists and message boards across the entire breadth of cyberspace .
the furry trouble makers send nose bonks and binkies for your special day .
Now , for your penance you must send chocolate to every ASA member .
In the late afternoons , we see herds of deer silhouetted against the green meadow of a neighbor 's field .
They send the complimentary copy of the tricky dog show to people who donate $ 25 or more .
Perhaps people might see Wayne as another version of Kane .
Also some Bishops forbade Catholics to see it perhaps not realising that their actions gave it great publicity .
Please only send resumes with BOTH JSF & JBOSS Req .
please send the suitable profiles to shravan trinity-world.com
The plan is that they will pop in to see us whilst we have her for an hour each time just to make sure Joanna is well cared for and then we 're left to get on with it .
The rank - and - file Democrats who see through the lies are increasingly enraged by the insipid waffling of their mainstream candidates .
I usually see the whips just plain used wrong .
Filipinos working abroad send home at least $ 1.0 billion in remittances every month .
I would much rather see development effort put into much tighter integration with products such as Outlook and MindManager with the eventual goal being seamless two way synchronization between these products and MLO .
Of course , they run on financial crumbs , so if you can , send em some bucks too .
These animals are specifically evolved to see night and day - They do n't miss what they never know .
We see its less benign consequences when employers view women as better candidates than men for jobs that demand the ability to chat and men as better candidates than women for jobs that demand verbal authority and directness .
Get Guaranteed Traffic can send 5,000 or 100,000 or even 1,000,000 visitors to your website - starting immediately !
Far from trying to control the destiny of their offspring , American parents typically send their teenage sons and daughters away to college where they live on their own and learn independence .
Thanks , Henrysun909 I routinely see 76 % quoted as the chance for 1 loser using two finesses .
David Lynch returns to his outsider roots , throwing caution to the wind and creating an entirely original cinematic experiment .
If you want to build a responsive list that will make you massive profits everytime you send an email , then you MUST write and submit articles .
I just wanted to let Andy Eddy and all dance teachers that send in reviews know what a great job I think he did with his dance reviews in the last newsletter .
Thanks and see you Saturday !
They also sometimes send out gifts t-shirts , license plates , and other doodads .
Would the Smithsonian or National Geographic Society just send someone down there to finally get the straight poop on this ?
Coffee buyers see iPhone / iPod / iTunes signs , and iPhone / iPod owners see a Starbucks icon on their phone .
The problem is , and it is a KM problem , leaders see business , citizenship , environment as mutually exclusive .
I see the ABS light come on and feel a short pulsing in the pedel a second or two .
Jill I sent that same link to my sister Ann , the family pianist .
If you have a consultant whose profile matches the requirement then , kindly send across your consultant 's word formatted resume , hourly rate and contact details ASAP .
I am really curious to see the Eagles game plan against the Patriots .
I can use my local server to send mail out but it relays off of Comcast 's smtp server .
As for Fateh supporters , the majority 53 % see Abbas as the most suitable leader while only 35 % mentioned Marwan Barghouthi ; The majority of the Palestinians 34 % view Ismael Hanieh as the most suitable person to lead Hamas , followed by 14 % who mentioned Abdul Aziz Dweik the imprisoned leader of the PLC .
I want to taste the flavour after a long maturation period to see for my self how good these beers can get .
And any federated democratic governance structure ' in which the ploddingly slow jabber - mill gets refracted and damped by endless cross-negotiations ' absorbs such universal shocks so well that we barely see the chandeliers swing when the ground eventually does decide to hiccup .
To post to this group , send email to ortho ...
need to run a Nozzle Test and see how that pattern looks .
You can set up the factory near Earth and send individual panels which are added to the structure at L1 over some time .
People send me emails all of the time .
Yet an empathy to the name ' Shenandoah ' makes many of us Virginians see it positively .
I planned on GOING to the Sugar Bowl , to see TWO big - time teams play !
If you can find a worthy opponent to send as your proxy , I 'd be happy to do battle .
please send some healing purrs to my poor baby - and some good thoughts to let him know that I did n't abandon him in a strange place , alone and in pain !
And while we 're at it , these hackers who send viruses out on networks , and these goddam spammers , are n't they terrorists after a fashion , too ?
Have you been able to find the family in 1891 census to see what his birthplace is on that ?
I occasionally see them in garage sales , often in their original boxes .
However , from our perspective we definitely see events that look good or evil .
Heh do my eyes see correctly ?
" It was too deep to safely send a diver down , " he said .
The prices you see quoted usually already include the VAT .
Someone returned the favor when an eagle was spotted heading toward Ms. Stokes 's location on Pack Monadnock .
USA taxpayers should see how their 900 billion war on ISLAM is being WASTED .
Why on earth would they soak the shirts they make for 50 each in embalming fluid before they send 'em off to the western world ?
Also , I did n't even touch on how to get the server script you use to validate the form info you send .
For my part , I see compact sizing from the perspective of a used - bike trader : fewer frame sizes means a greater chance that a given used bike will fit a given buyer .
A Google page that allows you to send free text messages .
It is also considered bad form to publicly reveal the details of new programs you may see the skaters working on , unless you explicitly get their permission to do so .
Pull the dsp board and send to Miguel for repair and eval .
:- PPPG Forget the hugs , just send cash !
Who knows , I might see analogue switch off .
Oh - I do send email to department and division heads back at school - the division head was starting his teaching about the time I graduated .
I 'd try that first & see if that meets your needs .
You are conscious of being in different clothing , drivers can see you ridding differently , and as such they will react differently .
Unfortunately i see that K lines can be affected by argon lines .
I send you warm regards and wish you continued success .
Aquilla and Prisca , together with the church in their house , send you hearty greetings in the Lord .
I have a much better idea : send 100 smokers & " forget " to pack the cigs .
Villagers can also send video message using web camera installed at the kiosk .
The people I see riding " scooters " wear no helmet .
They are killed every single day of the year by zealous morons like you who see political solutions from the barrel of a gun .
To all of you that are already decorated or are decorating ; please send some inspiration this way .
Simply send us an email with ' Hauraki 40th Anniversary Book ' in the subject header , and we 'll make sure you get all the information as soon as it 's released .
This happened some time ago and the reference pan has n't had as much use as the other , but you can clearly see the mottled appearance where the hard anodize and it's gray dye have been dissolved away leaving just the underlying aluminum and it's subsequent oxide layer .
Please send relevant resumes to komal.ba
Hello Everyone Please send me your Updated RESUME along with RATE , Preferable Interview Number and Availability ... .
I can almost see the wicked glint in those lovely green eyes .
They probably do , but I do n't normally see fledglings this late in the summer .
7.0 - Where can you see whales and dolphins in the wild ?
He will kill all evil tendencies , once just once if he gets birth in our hearts .
Israeli occupation troops kill Palestinian near Gaza border : The middle - aged Palestinian was found , unarmed , in a no - man 's land along the fence south of the Karni crossing with Israel , Palestinian doctors said .
That will kill any live organisms .
How will you handle this new - found freedom and the past you must revisit ?
Google is literally changing the way we store , find , access and handle information , Google is changing the way we do business , meet , socialize , play and think !
" So far , my simplified tax code is about 4 or 5 lines long and would probably handle about 99.9 percent of the cases fairly .
I do n't mean super-specialized applications like SABRE or a top bank using the mainframe to handle many banking terminals .
Om , I agree that radiation will kill bacteria but salmonella and e .
We can never become a religion in that sense , lest we kill usefulness by getting bogged down in theological contention . "
Your identity as a smoker is gone ; the crutch which helped you handle situations is kicked out from under you ; your body and mind begin to play quite clever tricks on you to get their drug .
not sure Apple Mail can handle this properly though ... :
Even the slightest cut would kill them be releasing the poison into their primary circulatory systems .
Most of these devices do n't pull anywhere near the 15 amps most sockets can handle 20 for commercial grade circuits .
For these 39 skill points , you can have near maxed LSDS which give you okay lightning attacks plus awesome AoE attack that can kill 500 cows once you have finished kicking a couple of them .
" While there are 13 root servers , these servers are mirrored so that over 100 servers handle the queries that go to the root server .
posted : " Stroke , heart disease and cancers kill millions compared to the thousands killed by rabies. "
The Indian government has attempted to crush the insurgency through its military power , shielded by a drastic law that allows the security forces to shoot , arrest or kill on suspicion alone .
The extra code required to handle all input types is minimal .
These emails are filtered and read by office staff who handle routine replies .
Imagine what would have happened to the gang if Buffy had arrived a moment later - after Faith killed Angel - and then saw Post 's perfidy .
Al-Hayat : Special UN envoy Lakhdar Brahimi had to delay his return to Iraq because the Bush 's decision to besiege Fallujah and kill 600 there in revenge for the killing of 4 private commandos .
An 800 K disk using GCR formatting , Apple specific requires a special drive and controller which can handle the sector encoding and has either a variable rotation speed or hardware and software compensation for the variable bit widths that will be produced if a fixed speed drive is used .
But saying that more needed to be done , he called for state and national lawmakers to require independent prosecutors - rather than local district attorneys - to handle all police brutality cases .
our hired mercenaries can kill Iraqis and we protect them from the puppet government The argument will be over who lost Iraq and why Vince there will be no argument .
Not sure about how pppd will handle multiple authentication protocol requirements too .
As it takes 118 C to get the vapor pressure of acetic acid to 1 atm a distillation should kill most bacteria irrespective of whether a column is used reflux or not .
Disclaimer : I do n't have detailed knowledge on how editors and C processors handle multibyte sequence today , but I would suspect the natural choice for external encoding source files on disk is UTF .
On the bright side , that has left me prepared -- I hope -- to handle most recovery wards I 'm likely to encounter over the next 20 .
wrote : Because operating a multi-ton machine is a complicated task and doing it improperly can easily injure or kill others .
Our tax professionals who handle federal tax issues bring the experience and commitment necessary to deliver tax compliance and advisory services to help meet our clients specific needs .
She has also also attacked those insurgents who deliberately kill civilians or use them as human shields .
The terror organizations , in particular Hamas have made continuous attempts to kill or injure Israeli civilians and IDF forces , especially in the area adjacent to the Gaza security fence .
Ability to multi-task , prioritize and handle ambiguity .
It can handle three foot drifts without problems according to the yanks , not so sure about that myself , but have n't seen even a 1 - foot drift since I left Scotland so doubt I 'll find out soon .
Caveat : In 20 years of PC-ing , I have never found a program that can , to my expectations , handle both email and news reading .
If the villains goal is to kill the hero or take over the world or kill beloved supporting characters in order to get to the hero then they ca n't really win .
It would n't let me manually kill the browser at all even through task manager , when the bug happens .
which ca n't be explained anyway whose side was the Queen on and why did n't she really kill or banish him instead of enjoying his plays I think the Queen , on the advice of Burghley and probably Essex , who got his advice from Bacon at that time , MAY have tacitly agreed to a plan to remove Marley 's name permanently from the record of living citizens on her little island .
Plain incandescents are cheap and can handle spikes that kill LEDs , but LEDbulbs are still kinda spendy to take chances with .
To know what happens if we kill any rabbit creating problems in the farm .
Are there any " special folder items " or gems that handle them in ruby ?
We handle the gross implication .
They will often kill farm animals - usually the only source of income for farmers - for food , and are frequently poisoned by farmers as pests .
What , kill every monster in LOS ?
Some Buddhist sects will kill members of other Buddhist sects for not having the right religion .
In 1985 Terrorists kill 20 and wound 110 attacking El Al at Rome and Vienna airports .
When you handle several platforms you can easily be confused .
wrote : I really do nt get it why rogues got that skill since they did nt have caster problems but warrior problems and they still ca nt kill a warrior or feral druid Perhaps because the game does n't revolve around pvp only ?
61007 Iraq Baghdad 20 26 A " coffin bomb " adds to the misery as Islamic terrorists kill twenty Iraqis in various attacks .
How did the Mayor handle 911 ?
Willingness to provide consulting for various project efforts to handle or facilitate UNIX Security related topicsissues .
The paper says the sharpshooters could be dispatched to handle kidnappings , riots or any incidents involving firearms that might develop at the Beijing games .
" Close observation of the way in which cats kill their prey has revealed that there is an unusual jaw movement employed to bring about an almost instantaneous death .
- For each thread that finds the array empty , kill the thread .
Can SafariMac handle proprietary attributes like " TOPMARGIN " ?
From the tests I 've run , Linux may bitch about the partition boundaries but 10.2 and 10.3 definitely handle the result just fine .
Friis said there 's a lot of uncertainty around how day care center employees should handle children 's sexuality .
Description : Small stand alone system which can handle basic PC tasks .
" Israeli forces kill two Hamas gunmen in Gaza raid " Israeli troops and armor crossed into the central Gaza Strip on Thursday , killing two Hamas gunmen in clashes , Palestinian witnesses and hospital officials said .
If a vet is n't available , a gunshot or a crushing blow to the skull , with a large hammer , are merciful ways to kill an injured small animal .
The latest outbreak killed poultry in Anhui province .
EPrints has a growing list of plugins that can handle requirements as diverse as importing publications from PubMed or creating mashups using Google Maps .
Walter Cohen wrote : Can the Wagner Power Sprayers handle painting a ceiling ?
In the next seven years , the technological might of the United States could not keep mosquitoes from carrying a disease across the nation to sicken nearly 7,000 people and kill 654 victims .
Most tap water supplies also contain significant chlorine additives to kill bacteria and chlorine ruins the smell and taste of the water .
Feel free to back up that assertion with reference to a posting in which I have claimed that cyclists never kill pedestrians .
Having trouble finding a printer who can handle really long charts ?
Since I do not normally handle our telephone bills , I took his statement at face value and gave them the statement they wanted characteristically , as we later found out , it was taken by a different operator who had n't made the initial misrepresentation to me .
Fagots who kill dogs like Clint Kitchen of Oke Creek Drive .
Anyone who tries to claim ownership will thereby kill off the volunteer collaboration .
wrote : Blizzard , in the next expansion could you please NOT include Hemet Nessingwary and his dire " go out and kill 30 cows and then kill another 30 cows and then repeat " style of quests .
One loses all control in that instant , and if a six ounce lead is flying somewhere out of control , you can quite easily kill somebody !
Strong ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously .
Recently , with our company 's update to PHP5 yeah yeah , I know we were looking to replace the software we use on our web service to handle real - time payments and customer lookups .
I drove back to the hotel and worked on a fix to handle poor reception areas for several hours 9 connected remotely to my machine in San Jose , CA , then posted the fix on our web site so that he could automatically upgrade his WingX while at Oshkosh and test it the next day .
Reasons : i simplicity in circuitry , ii comparatively large tubes & sockets make soldering easier , iii accidental slip of the test prod might not kill a tube but might a transistor , iv yeah , I like to see those filaments glow , too , v can still get those tubes but some transistors you ca n't find anywhere , v throw-away technology boards is bad ecology ... give
The Lyme patients subjecting themselves to long hours in these small chambers apparently hope that high - pressure oxygen will enhance oxygen - dependent immune mechanisms and kill spirochetes lurking beyond the reach of antibiotics .
Carriers usually handle claims in order of sevaraty .
Western Electric formed a subsidiary the following January to handle Western 's non-telephone interests .
Wertz was there , another election worker , the three members of the county 's electoral board and Hugh Gallagher , the election expert with whom the county contracts to handle programming and verifying the machines .
Yes , Mark , please name names and cite specific posts to support your delusion .
In fact , the 9 - 11 terrorists , in writing , only demanded that America stop assisting Israel .
Avelino Razon also said he has ordered police officers to stop wearing expensive jewelry , such as gold necklaces , bracelets , and rings , to remove suspicions they were corrupt .
I am just a duty - conscious person who is never hesitant to support or condemn an act after assessing all its good and bad effects with my own conscience .
We may even have to shut down and stop publishing Chess Life for Kids because of this .
Do n't stop at pedestrian crossings just because some fool wants to cross the road .
Apes and monkeys differ from other animals in the intensity of their social relationships and in the amount of time that they spend in mutual grooming which cements bonds of friendship and influence within groups .
Commissioner Kroes explained : " These measures support the sustainability goal of the Lisbon strategy by avoiding future environmental costs , and are fully in line with the proposed Community strategy to reduce mercury pollution of January 2005 .
But I do support honest online questions over posts such as yours .
Their route usually took them through North Conway , 20 miles south of Mount Washington , and Derek would always stop at International Mountain Equipment , a major source of serious gear , advice , and companionship .
My thought from day one has been to learn as much as I could personally and then support those sufferers around me .
We did have a few components stop working or sound strange like the IS on a 500 mm lens for short times .
It s true that Alonso was told to stay but then the lilly pop was lifted and he should have gone but he did n't , he stayed longer to stop his team mate beating him .
The issues above are not principles , but they are policy decisions that sometimes violate and sometimes support principles of limited government .
Earlier this month , the Municipality of Oropos , north of Athens , which draws its drinking water from the Asopos , instructed some of its residents to stop consuming tap water after tests found it to be toxic .
It is also fitting that we support Indonesia as host .
Associating Christianity with the United States , authorities assume all Hmong Christians support Vang Pao , who fought alongside U.S. soldiers .
But when elected officials start destroying more than their reputations , things stop being funny . '
My windows and seat will stop working completely here and there .
So , you think that there are people in the government that wish to completely subjugate the entire population under slavery , and yet you support leftist gun laws ?
Charlton Heston used his star power to support gun owner rights ; Wahlberg will use any star power he can gain to destroy them .
The side of my car ground all the way down a bollard that was designed to stop forklifts hitting cars like mine .
and how can I stop myself from hitting the roof on every little pothole I run over ?!
How do I stop my negative thoughts ? "
He ignored terrorism for months , when maybe we could have done something to stop 911 . "
I want to talk about what you ought to do stop a mass migration to Linux and the Mac .
Go to the web sites for Adobe , Sony Vegas , Ulead and take a look at the features of each and see if asf is an import format they support .
" I do n't mean by that , that I support those dishonest auctioneers .
In fact , the only one arguing about this is you : and that 's just because your product does n't support these absolutely essential feature so you have to make it sound like it 's not only unnecessary , but bad .
I personally think it also ought to intervene to stop ongoing or incipient genocides of the sort Saddam was waging against the Marsh Arabs .
Cars do stop in traffic ; a driver has a legal obligation to leave enough room ahead that he can stop without hitting the vehicle ahead .
Then stop wanting that .
Protesters said Gov. Bush blew them a kiss , acknowledging the crowd of about 30 chanting pickets that was made up of United Steelworkers and members of Uprise Counter Recruitment , a tour traveling through 22 cities to support anti-war efforts .
Our web authentication system was recently upgraded to support multiple realms of users , for example alumni , pre-admission students , and general community members .
This is a Win32 program and can support long file names .
Gary , For a few years I had pinball machines and video games out on location to help support my collecting habit .
They then use some rubbery figures to support this shit , and then proceed to crap on about the evils of BC .
I get paid enough to support my modest drinking and cycling problems , plus I get five weeks of vacation a year .
We must vote for Rudy to stop Hillary .
However , once you have taken the oil out you can not just start making the shades , you then have to air dry it to stop mold from forming .
They support the racist view that Cherokees of African descent listed on the Freedmen Roll are not welcome in the Cherokee Nation .
The contract will provide for the manufacture and assembly of test articles , flight test units , and the operational upper stage elements to support NASA 's flight manifest through 2016 .
In the end , Christians need to stop battling with science But most Christians do n't battle with science .
Around midnight an irate tourist visibly shaking with rage demanded they stop .
Your $ 10 donation will help support the Wilde Lake High Speech and Debate Team .
Abu Ghanim was among a group of wanted terror suspects who recently pledged to stop their terror activity as part of the amnesty deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority .
Jimbo & The Jetset wrote : My son tells me that Vista does n't support virtual drives .
Maybe this will persuade those who have the more recent collectibles to stop posting in these newsgroups !
Or , you lot could stop following me around , and there 'd be no issue at all .
We need to stop suppressing influenza everywhere .
Still it is all huge companies running it all now , and they have bloated bureaucracies to support .
I support a few Macs here at work , but I do n't have one at my desk , so I 'll have to check it out when I get home .
If the bags are a success , Costco could then ask suppliers to stop packing products in boxes and put them on pallets instead , said Joe Portera , chief operating officer of CostCo 's eastern and Canadian divisions .
I 'm going to have to either get better at cooking them or stop cooking them .
The record shop was raided on two occasions by police , and eventually agreed to stop stocking the garment .
Of course , the clubs could donate to the university to help support minor sports ... .
They , together with political authorities and representatives of those entities that support the Deaf community , are the people who shape and give birth to the most important congregation of the Deaf community .
When consumers stop spending and businesses stop hiring and start laying pepole off , that can make the situation much worse .
This could support either nurture or nature .
Four of the seven School Board members have said they support teaching intelligent design in addition to evolution in public school science classes .
I wondered if it was maybe some sort of quasi-magic resistance the monk had , though that usually does n't stop magic you activate on your own .
We can stop escalation if enough of us speak out - but it 's going to take millions of us speaking together .
-- All Iraqi leaders support reconciliation .
support your local artist ...
Red dwarves are n't bright , but even a little star produces plenty of energy , so there 's plenty of power to support advanced civilizations doing interesting things .
JUMPING TO CONCLUSIONS : You make a negative interpretation even though there are no definite facts that convincingly support your conclusion .
If the people who answer the phones tell you they are just doing their jobs , please remind them that they have a choice and that their jobs do not oblige them to support illegal and immoral actions .
I could just as easily stop doing charitable things .
This shall not stop us discussing issues affecting the struggling people of any country , who are our major focus and we continue to encourage joint working relations , based on clear programmes and not endless email battles .
UUP MLA David McNarry has tabled a motion seeking to stop ministers making addresses in the chamber in Irish .
I 'd like to see some data or at least a credible reference to support these assertions .
Just stop wanting that .
Carl A. wrote : Come on , Wade , stop showing your ignorance .
Protesters gathered there Thursday to support six black high school students who prosecutors initially charged with attempted murder after a school yard fight that injured one white student .
Despite Huckabee 's undiluted credentials -- as someone who helped to build the Moral Majority , as a governor who fought to stop gays from adopting -- he has been slighted by other like - minded Christian leaders .
People need to understand that and stop being so gullible to media hype .
Elephants spend about 16 hours a day roaming hundreds of miles and foraging for nearly 350 pounds of food .
Once we stop fearing and fighting our feelings , once we learn to listen to them closely , we find that the pain itself has a meaning , it 's there to be listened to .
I adamantly supported and still support keeping this an unmoderated newsgroup , simply because I enjoy the freedom to decide for myself what I will and will not read .
The Editors do not claim to support all views displayed on this newsletter , only to voice them in an organized fashion .
Install the new inner tie rod and punch the new locking clip .
I really would like to be able to be in a room with him tied up & kick & punch him but I know even if I could , I would n't & that is just so frustrating .
The pumps that rid the streets of rain water can only pump an 1 inch of water the first hour and increments thereafter .
That project would pump some 1,300 megawatts of electricity into the Iraqi grid .
But I once pumped sewage onto my own roof , a feat that still excites wide - eyed admiration from local plumbing experts .
Just so I understand , if I pump high octane fuel , it burns slower , and may cause the engine to think the mixture 's too lean , and make it richer , right ?
If there 's something you find confusing , punch the buzzword into the search box and see what pops up .
Punch out the centre of the bearing , move all the balls to one side and use a level to wedge the inner race away .
" The Captain said - " Simon sets his jaw and punches the button decisively .
Liquid pumped around the perimeter and frozen .
Blood pressure medications come in a wide range of formulas and dosages ; each aimed at reducing the pressure going through the blood vessels either as the heart pumps blood or relaxes .
This time I let the dough barely double then punched down and let it go thru a 2nd rise allowing it to only double in volume .
Another curious detail is that someone at one time punched an irregular hole into the lid .
Leekin appeared at the courthouse in January 1999 to file a domestic violence injunction against Jackson , claiming Jackson punched and slapped her , scratched her chest and pushed her .
Found an opening into traffic and punched the pedal hard .
As you fill the master cylinder and pump the brakes all of the air will go through the hose but not back in .
The hot water machine had sucked up a jellyfish & pumped it into my suit .
What saved them were turnovers , particularly when Clements punched the ball out of Holt 's hands .
Red heart beats faster , pumps rich , red blood through the connected veins of our lives , nurturing and nourishing us all .
The pipeline pumps crude petroleum to the Dora refinery at Baghdad , so that this sabotage directly harms Iraq 's ability to provide fuel oil and gasoline to citizens .
Right now I 'm using my canister filter to pump water back up to the main tank .
After the Ricky incident occurred she recounted how - after a play two years ago - two Squealiers kicked and punched Todd Heap while he was down , after a play and vicious helmet hit .
No difference when cold if I pump the pedal several times .
The power supply pumps out 63.5 big watts of power .
Also it did n't help he -LRB- or his team of monkeys -RRB- pumps out a : lot of stuff annually .
His bunk was locked , but it was no trouble to override it and punch the hatch open .
But it is too much for any human to endure to read the Times ' version of history in which " most Americans " agree with the Times on illegal immigration in the very year Americans punched back against illegal immigration so hard that the entire Washington establishment is still reeling .
If I ca n't plug a Disk II controller card into it , it 's not an Apple II .
Iraq can pump about 250,000 barrels a day from the northern fields .
Mom lifted the wren from the ground and handed it to me , instructing me to cradle it in my hands until we could find a paper cup , punch an air hole in the lid , and give the little bird a place to try to revive .
Eventually gold punched through that value and is now closing in on triple that value and none of the big banks fell on their face over metals exposure .
No assistant needed to pump brake pedal .
the self - adjusters should take up the slack - pump the foot brake 20 - 30 times to do it .
If you do use a debit card , take notice of nearby people and surveillance cameras before you punch in your PIN .
will punch straight through all platters and cause enough shock to shatter the cast aluminum frame .
Our body tingles with life that has long been dormant ; our heart pumps strong and true with the power of humanity beating as one .
Then I carefully pump the jack till it breaks the bead away from the rim .
With the Type 2 form , the body loses its ability to use insulin properly , even though the pancreas pumps out extra and drugs often are given to rev up that production even more .
Now punch a tiny hole in the pipe and the leak you have is the base current .
They punched and slapped them , made them drink washing up liquid , Washing UP liquid ?
I think an analogy may clarify this issue : Money is like oxygen in the blood , the lungs -LRB- government -RRB- extract oxygen from the air , and the heart -LRB- Fed -RRB- pumps the blood throughout the body .
Unfortunately , stinky gasses are coming out of the vent whenever we pump ... .
But it does not have any problems like that , other than the standard MB problem that they just start out slow when you punch the pedal down .
Pump the pedal a couple of times and hold .
Should we start a pool on how many players he punches or challenges to a fight ?
A well - pipelined remainder operation could potentially pump out one remainder per clock cycle -- which could turn out to be faster than processing the conditional test to reject those values in the upper range .
Adopting an almost automatic approach to painting , I often used what ever colours came to hand , I let the foreground and background clash , I scrubbed and jabbed and punched the paint brush at the canvas and paired colours I knew would viciously jar with each other .
I bought it to punch holes for coax connectors .
After I pump the gas pedal a few times it runs fine afterwards .
Blood and expectation pumped sluggish through his veins .
I have yet to see a heart beat without a frequency I count 4 of my heart beats while I punch you 10 times on the nose .
It is well designed for forcing your opponent to punch your elbow -LRB- owwie owwie -RRB- and then riposte with a backfist or hammerfist -LRB- aka " Chopper " -RRB- .
first punch the blocker in the face , then continue the bleed for 3 or punch another idiot in the face .
Add the fact that industrial quantities of batter have to pump easily through automated tubes into cake molds , and you begin to get the idea .
As you may suspect , I 'm horrified at how casually so many people with minimal knowledge of statistical methods pump data through software .
It 's not like a catastrophic failure with the water pump , but rather , the water pump pumps much less coolant than desired .
I think I read somewhere that people use pencils to plug the hoses during the change to slow gas leaking out .
He wants solid heavy -LRB- as you progress -RRB- punches from each hand to the opposite target hand .
Go out for a quick run somewhere , or punch a boxing bag .
Repeat this on the other side , then pump the brake pedal until it firms up -LRB- seating the pads against the rotors -RRB- .
none of the boards are there nor are the shaft holes punched out .
Running around to get that internship and family would be like going to the bus drivers or train conductors at each stop to get one 's travel ticket punched .
It takes longer to remove the bike from it 's metal shipping crate than it does to attach the front wheel and pump the front brake a few times to build up initial pressure .
This includes National 's secret collaboration with the Exclusive Brethren , who pumped nearly $ 1,500,000 into advertising to try to get National elected , and National 's subsequent untruthful denials over this collaboration .
It will gouge out a surface crater , not punch through to smash delicate internal stuff .
can punch through insulation .
If the wireless was hung or lost connectivity , he would take a paper clip and punch the reset button .
Like the " Patriot Act " , designed to strip civil liberties from American patriots and other free citizens of the world , or the " Clear Skies Initiative " , designed to allow corporations to pump more poisons into our heavens .
do all the trendy dog food companies pump money into campaigns for the adoption of unwanted dogs in shelters the way Eukanuba does ?
Maybe him and schumacher can punch the air together when a broken Renault wishbone comes to the screen .
assuming you know of a watering hole which pumps Guinness .
Mandibles agape , the stork pumped its throat until the agitated frog could no longer struggle against the bird 's throat muscles .
You can pump conventional video wireless about a quarter mile without much work .
Officer A then punched me hard in the face and he said " These black monkeys do n't want to go back to their country ... "
He pumped out 300 tons of mud and began a multiyear effort to bring it back to life , with plenty of help from other New Yorkers .
Get your calculators out and punch away !
As a temporary measure , you can sometimes pump the brake pedal to build hydraulic pressure , but the pressure eventually fades and you have to repeat .
I 've seen many body channels crushed where people have put jacks underneath and pumped away .
He punched pictures , broke glass and sustained lacerations that required six sutures ... he expressed hopelessness and possible suicide thoughts . "
Anyone quick enough to even back into the role of Hero can punch you out faster than you can pull the trigger .
Susan will write her race report in due course , she was busy getting a cast today .
You may try loads of comedy workshops and such around your place .
I have no connection with this site , but I like it because it saves me money and it flips a finger at the grubby cellphone companies that try to rake in extra cash by forcing you to buy what should be free .
Primarily , write code that does not depend on the ability to detect self - assignment .
You could put some type of trim molding over the joints or possibly try some type of caulking that expands .
' Normal homeowners policies do n't generally deal with collectibles , we write policies specifically for a person 's collectibles , whether it is a rare book collection , stamps , coins , sports cards , vinyl records and the many other collectibles that we deal with every day , ' explained Dan .
I hope this has helped and not made it cloudier , Any more questions just write back ... ...
try running it on some good fuel like bp ultimate or any branded fuel other than supermarket stuff for a tank or two .
If you write your double integral in C , the inner call to integrate will spend a lot more of its time in procedure call overhead calling sin than in crunching numbers .
I 'm trying to get Nicholas to write a contrasting proposal .
The current trend to try to criminalize politics is just such an attempt .
If you are not on the lookout for a job , perhaps you 're quite happy making money online , still , the sky 's the limit , so try out websites such as JobThread.com .
He did n't always write ' pretty themed ' music ... .
Funny how I do n't find anything they write worth my time .
Why does she write ' torture scandals " in the plural ?
T. If you have to ask about Hitler 's or Goebbels ' balls , try using your brain instead of repeating that stupid song .
try a movie ... .
The front - of - store campers try their bum rush .
Plus , he had me try on 5 different pairs , and while watching me jog the sidewalk , immediately recognized that my right foot angles outward and has a pronation issue .
Writers write .
Also believe it or not - try cutting a regular drinking straw to the size of a cigarette and stuff it with cotton .
I suppose I can try ...
Now try that backwards .
I write about dual boot systems quite often .
For instance : try wandering around Tehran wearing a large pectorale and see how far you get .
I also had an Apple 3.5 Drive that simply refuses to format or write to an HD disk .
no input files I 'm using MS notepad to write the file the different encoding options do n't seem to make much difference .
And why write odd short stories and then post them randomly in such a way that they look like some kind of lunatic spammings ?
You 're too stupid to tell a partisan propaganda organization who are paid by special interest groups to say what they say .
If you want morderated discussions then try 22 4 as it is known here or Pocket Fives .
Second , never write new String " foo " for any literal " foo " .
Again , you resort to insult instead of honest argument and try to shift arguments .
This is far from a perfect analogy , since the writer of whom we are talking could see the beginnings of that change , and was mostly careful to write ways that concealed nearly all his meaning from the ignorant masses , while entertaining the knowledgeable few .
I tried very very hard to get the ground connections right and have rearranged them to try minimize the noise , but those changes did n't affect it much either way .
Thanks twpeters I 'm not absolutely sure , but there might be a fuse in the line directly behind the socket - try pulling it and see .
Berlin Brown You could try searching here for starters .
Perform statistical analyses of study results , write summary reports and present orally .
One can try cleaning .
A handful write openly and travel with bodyguards .
September 6 , 2005 Bug hunters , software firms in uneasy alliance Security researchers and companies that write commercial software seek common ground over how to report flaws .
As Shaw said , Verdi did n't write a Shakespearean opera ; Shakespeare wrote an operatic play .
do you know what happens when stupid humans try to become friends with wild animals ?
I called the housecall vet , the one we all use , yesterday , and he suggested we try giving her coated aspirin .
Ever try taking a bike on the NJTransit NE Corridor on a Friday after off - peak have started ?
We meet up with Paul occasionally for fun and games I might write these down someday you 'll just have to wait and see !
Please try this when you have a full backup .
We also have to make it so that the other parts of the data block we write are PRESERVED .
Although I heartily endorse alt.bread.recipes and its wonderful FAQ , as well as Barry 's site and Carl 's for sourdough links below try to remember that people have been baking bread without scales for a long , long time .
Open a command prompt and try the following ...
I am very happy with that approach : I actually write tests nowadays .
LA sports writers also write heavily about the NFL , Pac football and MLB playoffs in total regardless of LA having a team or not .-
Individuals or small groups of scientists write proposals that compete with other scientists ' proposals . "
I asked him to try a citrus seltzer or flavored sparkling water .
write for photos or more info .
Dr Mitch wrote : Maybe you should try limiting your posts to only ONE every three seconds .
Can someone lead me to some tutorial or some sample codes to write data into my MMC , read & display onto LCD .
Other books Anyone can write
I do try poetry on occasion , but this is not one of mine .
Stories tell of victims , perhaps even Don ALonso himself who knows ?
you try pulling a triple axle fifth wheel trailer with a Nissan and then come back and tell me who beats who .
I write a syndicated column and test new cars weekly .
" Do you often write backwards ?
10:00 PM - rise , light oil lamp , write .
So , if you reckon you can do some research and write this up augmented by photos from the prior point that would be grand .
Then , when you return to reality try posting again .
When The Rock wanted to try an acting career , Vince McMahon saw an opportunity to gain mainstream credibility .
Reassemble and then try the power button .
I want you to stop using it -- UNLESS you write some rime royal about something meaningful concerning Shakespeare but you ca n't , can you , because you do n't know enough about the subject because you 're a only a dabbler .
It 's not bitter , not sweet , it 's the extra dry treat Wo n't you try extra dry Rheingold beer ? "
" Average " programmers can write very good code , if they are managed correctly .
If you want to update that branch with any changes , I 'll gladly do a cvs checkout and try the loader again .
Whenever I try clicking any of the three " Clear Edits " , " Preview " , or " Save Changes " buttons , nothing happens .
And often the brand - name carriers such as AT & T try to get you to pay either " minimum usage " and / or monthly fees so that low - usage customers end up wasting money .
I 'm totally willing to write blog posts to an audience of none , but did n't bother tweeting until I knew I was connecting with someone specific .
Just try my trick , it works .
You write articles , embed your affiliate links in them and wait for things to happen .
With a command - line interface to the voice - activation part , so you can write bash scripts while in the shower .
Since you write that SAGE works in Windows , could you please answer does it work with Vista .
You can also try the chorus settings .
You can try the software DVD Slideshow Builder which is very popular now , many friends and I like it very much .
As I paddle out the river mouth , and splash my way through the surf , I know that right now , right here , is where I was meant to be .
Some people seem to be of the opinion that if ten thousand people are outraged , and call & quot ; he who outraged ' em & quot ; to voice their outrage , then an & quot ; abuse & quot ; has been committed -- and the & quot ; abuser & quot ; is the reporter who delivered the news to those ten thousand people .
German companies involved in the space run , about people who runs so advanced projects , about their greatest achievements that time and what was an obstacle , they were not able to overrun quickly before the end of the War .
He would subsequently paddle home at the end of his day , and then carry the boat on his head back to his house .
That can give you a full 64K of uncontended memory with the video paged out .
I 'd have thought good timing was an obvious part of professionalism and vice versa and ca n't understand why anyone would want to overrun .
They have been recorded to climb , and they are grazers rather than dibblers but they LURVE to swim and paddle .
For example , it took only 300 years for the meme of Christianity to overrun the Roman Empire and less than 130 years for the meme of communism to & quot ; infect & quot ; 1.8 billion people across the face of the Earth .
This would have enabled him to overrun Saudi Arabia , and the rest of the Persian Gulf oil states . -RRB-
Go to a lake and paddle a kayak for an hour .
Liberated in 1945 , he returned to France as an invalid , and was shortly very puzzled , then outraged , at the claims of & quot ; genocide & quot ; and gas chambers , particularly regarding the two camps where he had been a prisoner .
She paddled out a ways and stood up , the water almost up to her neck .
John Paul II was a kayaker ; he paddled a Klepper : tinyurl.comypz9by
Do n't overrun - even if the audience is going apeshit for another .
and brought their young son in a small raft , while , , and I paddled inflatable kayaks .
There was one wave that I paddled really hard for but at the end stopped because I did n't think I had it , and then , a voice in my head said & quot ; Just stand up , just stand up ! & quot ;
Kapuscinski said his experiences with totalitarianism and war -- Soviet soldiers overran his hometown when he was a boy -- helped him understand the Third World .
Then paddles his way over slowly , looks at the food for a while , then carefully plucks the food from its place .
Or maybe viewers , and even some soft-shoes , do n't realize how little those score paddles count in the end .
The report referred to several ordinances enacted under the charter , which outraged all law , and concluded with stating , that in the event of a repeal of the charter , the people of the city could organize a town government under the general incorporation which had been so grossly abused , taken from the people of Nauvoo .
As the bus neared the museum , 7-year-old Corielle Mutin spotted Bayou St. John , where two kayakers paddled in the afternoon sun .
While on the topic of locals I must say thanks to all the people we met and paddled with .
Late July they put me in the ER , turned off the ICD , chemically stopped my heart and then paddled me .
I paged through it , and there it was .
When I had half a dozen of the same sort , and one that lacked only an ounce of being full four pounds , we pulled up the killeck and paddled homeward around the wooded point .
My wife told him to wait for her to get some money but he smiled , waved and slowly paddled off .
On June 24 , 1950 , the North Koreans swarmed across the 38th parallel , and proceeded to overrun the country .
Or do the Parthians overrun Egypt and the Levant in the next century ?
The SLA believes that the LTTE lacks the strength to overrun a major base to collect weapons as it repeatedly did over a period of time .
On Sunday nights , when this is more likely to happen , I just record the news on all the network channels so if any of the stations overrun a sporting event , I do n't miss the last half of the last show on that channel .
When we paddled passed there back to Dohles Rocks the other night there was a boat ramp , lights , a BBQ area , shelter and loos - http : www.brisbane.qld.gov.auBCC : BASE : 381973466 :
I paddled counter-clockwise to make the best use of the tides .
Perception swifty kayak line up : 1.Perception swifty 9.5 kayaks : It is most popular recreational kayak as it is stable and easy to paddle .
They blocked any funds to support the S. VN military and , hence , it was only a matter of time before the North Vietnamese Communist troops were able to overrun the South and either & quot ; re-educate & quot ; or massacre all those who were loyal to the South or had anything to do with the Americans .
We 've been experimenting with that , in town and on-the-road in Florida , now that VZW has EVDO up and running so Skype 's fast codec does n't overrun 1X 's dial - up-modem speed .
This outrages me not because I find their greed obscene , but because their greed flourishes in a society that does n't take care of its sick and its poor , many of whom are children .
When the Roman Legions overran the Jewish nation , much of the Jewish population was sent into exile throughout the Roman Empire .
When on a river in a canoe traveling in the same direction as the flow of the dark , they paddled slowly , so as not to stop the flow of dark .
If you were to try to paddle your feet in her oceans , you would n't even get your feet wet .
A lot of people will want to paddle without a skirt -LRB- as in here in Florida -RRB- so it is very important to learn how to get back in a kayak after flipping .
I paddled with Kim Tyrer , an ex-adventure racer who has n't seen the AR circuit for some time .
& quot ; You have to remember , he has to run inside-out to the ball , and sometimes thinking you have to run to the sidelines , you can overrun things , & quot ; Barnett said .
I bet you also paddled the boat for global cooling 30 years ago .
I think this was the only time my father ever paddled me .
Unfortunately , you only allocated 7 bytes , so you overran it by 1017 bytes .
After the fire , Beilin outraged many religious Israelis by announcing he wanted to be cremated after his death , the first public Israeli figure to do so .
She actually paddles well .
I wanted to paddle from Bete Grise to the point of the Keweenaw and back on Labor Day , before school starts .
She paddles in the back , I fish or paddle in the front .
Tugan boasted that he had put the fear of death in the heart of the Hindus and could overrun the entire country in a single campaign .
Why were n't they outraged when they first found out about it ?
& quot ; As soon as the last U.S. soldier or Allied soldier would be leaving Iraq , you do n't need a political scientist to figure out that the Iranians will overrun -- through their miltias and friends and allies -- two thirds of Iraq , from Baghdad all the way down to Basra , & quot ; Phares explained .
Hey , if you paddle a canoekayak to save the environment , it 's time to be proud of it .
- Head down to the waterfront and check out one of Edenton 's kayaks and paddle around in the Albemarle Sound .
They overran the walls and breached the gates , and we can all look forward to years of ignorance .
However , he will misdiagnose plays and overrun the ball from time to time .
But if you think it 's more useful to explain the same history in terms of pornography and drugs and rap and not being able to paddle disobedient students , that 's your privilege .
She paddled hard and furiously , but the Humboldt Honey Do 's Bruce Hales had a little more in the male muscle department and won by a boat length or two .
For the next hour or so , as I paddle slowly along , I 'm surrounded by my spyhopping , gracefully swimming old friends .
As they paddled back to Barb , the wreckage of a 16-car train flew 200ft into the air .
At the time of the Norman Conquest the armies of the Scots , under Malcolm III , overran the whole of the country from the Solway Firth to the Eamont and occupied the Vale of Eden and the western entrance to the pass of Stainmore .
It 's very difficult to get an act off if they 're determined to wilfully overrun .
FWIW , I do n't know of anyone who paddles in a neoprene dry suit .
Because he was unable to get back in the kayak , she urged him to hang on while she started to paddle back .
You show up in what was once a perfectly civilized newsgroup and overrun it with your personal psychodrama .
Then , as she paddled her Sportster into a 3 point U-Turn , I did several small donuts , about half the size of her paddling U-turn , on my Deuce .
Friends , Many of you have been asking for a list of sponsors for the CNN program that outraged us all .
It 's time to get back out there and play , it 's been a very long year for me , just hoping to paddle hard enough not to sink .
I tipped the water out of the boat and paddled on .
Yes Kris you paged .
It has been some time since I paddled a surf-ski but will give one a go shortly .
In Milan , he entered a certain hermitage in the castle of Milasci -LSB- Melazzo -RSB- , in which hermitage he remained for two and a half years ; and because war overran the said castle , he moved to the castle of Cecima in another hermitage of the diocese of Pavia in Lombardy .
-------------------------------------------------------------- & quot ; Those barbarous nations that overran the world. & quot ;
However , YUKIKAZE is based on a novel first written in the 1970s and thus predates even the original MACROSS series .
which predated the full formal development of general relativity by about four years .
It must be fairly rare and predate World War 1 , whatever it is .
The city 's troubles long predate Iran 's current government .
Therefore , it must be the case that Salazar Slytherin is a descendant of Cadmus Peverell ; we can conclude that the Peverell family and its Hallows are over one thousand years old , and predate Hogwarts .
The 6SN7 predated the 12AX7 .
Once he finished eating he pranced to the car .
Obviously since GEOS and GeoWorks Ensemble predated Win95 , they only had the Motif GUI .
The Assyrians predate the rise of Islam , representing a 7,000 year-old civilization .
UsenetNews predates the Internet -LSB- Since you cut mid-sentence , I 've to assume that you 're referring to the cut-up part .
Callendar was working on it in the UK in the 1930s , which also would predate Thatcher 's activity .
When Wood first posited the idea , one TV executive sniffed that it would be rather dull as you would only be able to film in Stratford-upon-Avon and at the Globe , while an eminent history scholar pointed out that it was going to have to be a very short series given the paucity of solid facts known about Shakespeare 's life .
Therefore , a massive flood would have to predate them .
Neither of them doubted the identity of the body , however , even though the idea that it was n't Marlowe 's did actually predate Hotson 's discovery by some 30 years .
They did it by allowing the expression of the nationalist autonomies that predated the idea of Britain .
A skeleton withsome of the characteristics of a Caucasian who seems to predate the & quot ; native Americans & quot ; .
The focus on modularity is a new approach Coucher has brought to the job , but plans for a & quot ; seven day railway & quot ; predate his arrival as chief executive .
I think it was done to distinguish it from the earlier Radio 5 ChildrenSport service which predated it .
Some of the girls are getting tired of doing car washes where they prance around like Hooters waitresses on the street corner .
This check is probably not needed as browsers that predate getElementsByTagName are n't likely to have a documentElement , but you never know .
Joan That 's probably because some of them predate written language .
How it originally came into use I do n't know , but it does predate WoW by quite a long time .
If you can get your hands on a pair of sound monitor earpiece , that will be better because this will give you more room to prance around and entertain your audience and fans .
The GNU stuff predates Linux , however , and Gnome was , AFAIK , built on an outgrowth of the gimp toolkit .
Many states have written laws that predate the Constitution .
Are you going to prance over there in those awful cut - offs ?
In OTL Malthus predated Darwin by quite a long time , and in OTL , Darwin and many of the early formulators of the idea of natural selection tended to credit Malthus as being an early originator of the idea of selection of a -LRB- human -RRB- population , which they then later applied to animals , as a possible way in which species might be modified over a long period of time .
Just because it predated the SS plan does n't mean that it was n't ideologically-driven .
In this sense Skinner posits a utopia not just as some ideal place , but as a place that is ideal for us .
I suppose I should also have said that I was really only looking for ones that predated 16212 , which is most probably when the inscription on the grave first appeared .
The rule we 're talking about comes from the principle of occupiers ' liability , which predates the Human Rights Act by a long way .
& lt ; grin I predate bulletin-board systems , too .
: - -RRB- Choplifter predate the Vectrex as well .
This predated the Iranian student reassembly of shredded documents .
The idea of a bluesman selling his soul to the Devil predated Johnson .
I think DSVCONFIG predates MOM$ SYSTEM .
ABX predates codec tests by about 20 years .
English can not predate Sanskrit. .
Sure , they can prance about on their own , but they 're restricted from actually going anywhere .
The actual article , which predated the following by at least a year , has disappeared .
It was part of a trend that predates that time .
The other point that jumps out at me is that Ruhlen is talking out of his field of expertise when he posits a major transition at 50 kya .
Or maybe it even predates the notion of QSL cards , I do n't know when they started to appear .
& quot ; Our customs predate the State of Israel , & quot ; he says .
Note that the TG-3 predates the 2-33 by more than 20 years .
In fact , European skulls have been found even in the northwest that predate the mogoloid types .
They predate those noted .
This means he predated the fame of Winfield Scott .
It 's long been rumoured that some old rock stars use oxygen when they go on the road , now I can believe it 's true as the difference I feel is incredible , if one was well and fit , I could imagine it would be possible to prance around on stage for an hour or so lol .
In doing so , Putin was returning to the Soviet strategic posture that predated the efforts of Ameri-can President Ronald Reagan and Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev to finally end the Cold War .
Somewhere in the clutter of my existence i have about 50 mp3s of & quot ; WitJ & quot ; , some of which predate Thin LizzyMetallica .
If the gangs of looters predated the invasion , that would explain some of their
jt Choplifter predate the Vectrex as well .
the rest of you can prance around his maypole for awhile .
This predated the swimbladder system by 100 million years .
Infact , this culture seems to predate both of these driver 's careers by at least a couple of decades .
A lot of this crap predates the War On Terrorism -LRB- tm -RRB- , a lot of it dates from the War on Drugs -LRB- tm -RRB- .
Therefore , because this Peck segment predates the work of the authors author of the 1930s serialization articles in NEHGSR NEHGR and is evidence , to be tested , just as Tonge 's 1530 Visitation and Flower 's 1563-64 Visitation , it is my considered opinion it , too , needs to be revisited .
At this point students should be expected to know quite a lot about he Haudenosaunee and the Great Law of Peace , and that it predates the United States Constitution by at least 300 years .
In the case of someone who thinks that Aleksandr Nevskii was tsar and that Virgil predated Herodotus , one can not rule out any chronologically ludicrous idiocy , no matter how ridiculous .
Someone posited the notion .
USEnet predates the rest of this sillyness that we call the Internet .
-LRB- 2 -RRB- Virgil predated Herodotus .
and are useful of course , and I use them , and they are what predate the ensembles and dicts .
------------------------------------------------------- by Dagonell the Juggler & lt ; & lt ; Marbles predate recorded history .
If Virgil predated Herodotus , why not ?
Is it a Whitmanism , or does it predate him ?
He actually asserted that the Augustan Age of Virgil predated that of Herodotus !
Many of the features of Arneson 's campaign would later find its way into Greyhawk , The Great Kingdom , Blackmoor , the Duchy of Ten , -LRB- becoming the Duchy of Tenh -RRB- etc. Blackmoor predates Greyhawk as the oldest campaign world .
CP40 predated CP67 .
and the Octal predated the Loctal by quite a few years ...
Then there was the fractional reserve system and , yes , that predated the Fed .
Cheyenne , WY I believe that a lot of property in the original 13 states has been subdivided from plots that predated the grid system .
I had nothing to do with IPUs as an atheist movement -LRB- which may or may not predate my own participation with them on the old ISCA bulletin board -RRB- , or with the various splinter sects , or with the T-shirts .
I thought they predated 64-bit .
Oh , I know you got the one from Lisbon , but that 's long past , and in any case it predated the Priory 's safe bestowal of the painting .
So I would posit that our & quot ; advanced state of the art lab & quot ; is , in fact , a generic box manufacturer in China , and that there is unlikely to be any sort of technical substance behind the company .
In any case , the rule against double jeopardy was a long-standing part of English common law and predated the Zenger case .
I know I 've only been here a couple of year -LRB- God , is it that long ? -RRB- but you predate me .
If you try the next size up it probably wo n't fit now , and the LBS will have to ream it .
When I hear the tapping , I 'll rap on the wall and the bird is gone .
but after thinking about it , I 'll probably never be able to rag on these VOD services like I used to .
On the other hand , with Cunninlynguists ' Will Rap For Food , discogs got it wrong .
There was an interview a couple of years ago where he was saying that if someone is saying that all he raps about is money or ' bling bling ' then probably they have never experienced anywhere near the riches that he has .
If they have a machete , all they have to do is put the blade on the end and rap it with a sturdy branch .
Balasaheb was frightened and began to quiver .
I rapped on it with a hammer and it started just fine .
-LSB- snip -RSB- One of my problems is that when it gets hot , the solenoid sticks and I have to get out and rap it .
And John , I realize you were n't trying to rag on me but it was a rough night at the Post Office last night and I 'm still in a bit of a & quot ; postal & quot ; mood .
nancy My lip quivers a bit if I have to think of more than a couple of days ahead .
& quot ; Right now I just rap , and I 'm into the block , & quot ; said Terrance Burton , 27 , of Brownsville , who filmed his audition tape in front of Biggie 's Brooklyn home .
There 's a good chance they 'll ream you on the price though .
Again , I do n't want to rag on the fine people at Saffron .
like to rag her around every once in a while .
In 1980 it would be easy to be the first emcee to rap about a particular subject .
this way you walk and compres a spring and this raps the piezo and genrates several thousand volts .
If you 're going to rag on the guy , at least do it for a legitimate reason .
They are about the same price and the chevy group would probably rag on the fords if I were to post a similar question there .
He expected me to ream him .
He may have had a broken right wing at some point , because now it looks to me like it quivers just on that side. . maybe
If you are already on jackstands and ca n't do this , I would suggest having a helper pry as best as possible in the recess of the axle flange using an angled tip prybar -LRB- big -RRB- while you carefully rap the edge of the flange with a steel hammer .
If so , I would rag the dealer .
The rock turned out to be a holy rock , and I kept it quivered through the entirety of the game .
Well , it 's not like they totally reamed single-player gamers .
Do n't rap non-science science writers , it 's a tough trade .
If it ai n't broke do n't fix it I came to the realization that pharell needs to rap more .
I would rap on it with a screwdriver first and see if it runs on the bench supply .
Then it does n't make sense that someone would rag on him for buying a $ 550 mountain bike .
Mal was careful to steady his voice so it did n't quiver with laughter .
Nowak rapped on the window , tried to open the car door and asked for a ride .
No , he does n't rap .
I 've been here longer than most of you others , even that fence walker Michael Schey who doesnt have the gonads to stand up for himself , instead he quivers because he 's afraid to deal with any kind of
Now its time to rag Zito , even though he was a bit of a victim of the squeeze , and his counterpart Davis was not , he still sucked .
After a minute , the man grabbed a beer bottle and rapped the alligator hard on the top of its head .
If the headspace is deficient , you will have to ream the chamber .
& lt ; baldersnip It 's a pity Leo and Peter ca n't put their efforts into Genealogy , Prosopography , History and Biography , rather than just continuing to rag on Douglas Richardson .
If not , then ream me good about modelers too .
But that was really the reason I did it , so as not to rag the Russians too much .
The third one responded , & quot ; Well , I 'm glad I do n't have that problem , knock on wood , & quot ; as she rapped her knuckles on the table , then told them & quot ; That must be the door , I 'll get it ! & quot ;
He raps his cane on the table , he wants a bottle of scotch but they do n't do that .
No matter how many times the frozen-faced PANista president of congress Jorge Zerminio rapped his gavel and ordered the leftists back to their seats , AMLO 's legislators would not be moved .
They said in the AP report that his heart does n't have a strong beat , it quivers .
2 -RRB- Buddy 's legendary toupee , which Imus ragged on him about almost unmercilessly , has gone buh-bye .
The first starts to rap , the second moves into position underneath the boulder in order to be ready to set up their rappel once the first is done , and the third sits further back or to the side of the boulder , to wait his turn .
I know it 's been a long time since I rapped at ya .
The more elementary of these relate to the use of the ouija board , the employment of tables to rap out Morse Code-like messages , as in the case of the early Spiritualists , and the speaking in tongues of the Christians and Charismatics .
I told the salesman that there had to be a problem with the engine and he responded that he heard others that rapped the same way and that they took the car back to the shop and did something to it to cure the problem .
You do n't have to convert a bunch of numbers to a mental picture of what 's going on , The rate the needles move , their angle , the way they quiver and dance as they pick up what 's going on , all give subtle information in a form that 's easy to digest On the other hand , why would you want to see altitude displayed with needles ?
Yes , he rags on David and I 've tried in the past to point out that David has come a long way in this group and has taken a fair amount of criticism standing up as a man and has hung in here when he could have taken his bat and gone home .
I 'm serious -- this is not a rhetorical question , and I 'm truly not just asking it to be a smartass or to rag on anyone .
the first round of news blurbs described the three as being roped together , even as one of them rapped .
Rap it firmly , far enough down the egg that you can get your teaspoon into the egg at that point .
I 've known people to ream them , but they are supposed to fit when you get them .
No different than if he ragged on a big-nosed or a big-eared person .
Along came a spider and sat down beside her and they rapped for about an hour and a half .
But if the Commish wants to ream the Pats a new one ...
If this is done carefully , you wo n't need to ream the chamber .
But make sense if you 're going to rap .
I think it would be so cool if he did a duet with a rapper or maybe even rapped a bit himself to reach out to the younger generation .
The old man 's voice quivered as he came to thin , and Josette was obliged to give him another rather large
I also normalized some of the tom waveforms a little bit -LRB- - 3db -RRB- .
Sashwat . . nicked as Rishu Age - 19 Currently in NITRKL 1st yr B.Tech doing M.E .
The Packers nabbed Vernand Morency in a simialarly-timed swap last year and he would up playing a big role .
Jayne carefully laid the knife down , nestled it into the others , then looked up to meet Mal 's eyes .
It did n't last for long , and with the switch to wet food , his water consumption normalized .
Murtha nabs $ 150M pork .
He turned the corner and immediately whipped his right hand out to nab his gun .
' Twiggys ' is situated on the Derbyshire-Cheshire border , and nestles in the foothills of the Peak District .
I hope no one nicks the exhaust and leaves the bike ! !
Her vision normalized within one year .
I try to nab every freecycle machine I see listed with an eye toward getting a few good working machines and I can always find homes for the ones I do n't needwant .
He did it at around 2am and the police tried to block off entrances to the drive to keep what little traffic there was out of his way until they could nab him .
We nestled overnight at the Cavo Grosso Bungalows by the beach .
And nicked from McCartland as I understand .
OK , I nicked this from another ng , but it 's worth a look if you want a giggle .
-LRB- 3 -RRB- PCA -LRB- unlike PCOMP -RRB- normalizes the eigenvectors by the square root of the eigenvalues .
However , it is dead wrong to talk about & quot ; the plane that nicked the corner of the South Tower & quot ; .
And they WILL nick the paint , too .
And if you look over in this corner you can see the highest prime number nestled comfortably next to a ca n't miss plan for peace in the Middle East .
It sounds like they gave you a windshield out of a wrecked car , where they pried it out of the channel with a screwdriver and nicked it all over .
As a consequence of my methods , I nicked one of the wires going to the pre-cat O2 sensor , forgot to tape it up and drove for a couple weeks .
But others stated it had to have been later on , that they nabbed her and replaced her .
And I hope that they will not just sit on the fence waiting for the Israelis and Palestinians to solve the problem and then to normalize their relations with Israel and to support the process .
It 's not really RK Django 's responsibility to normalize every possible SQL query across RK every possible backend .
I 'm hoping to use it when I go into town at night , then I do n't risk losing the N95 or getting it nicked : - -RRB- Can I just say , about the Nokia , I ca n't believe this all-singing , all-dancing phone does n't have a text message reminder beep ...
032707 AP : Leaders of Iraq Car-Bombing Ring Nabbed Leaders of a car-bombing ring believed responsible for the deaths of hundreds of Iraqis in the Shiite Sadr City enclave and elsewhere in Baghdad have been captured , the U.S. military said on Monday .
How long till the Skillswappers can nab you for a Django talk ;- -RRB- On 020807 , Simon Willison & lt ; si ...
Some converters nick more pixels than others , presumably because they use a larger convolution to interpolate each image pixel from .
My simple test was to create a -90dB sinewave and reduce it by 10dB and then normalize the whole thing to 0dB .
My bet is they were really looking for fugitives trying to leave the country , and it 's a lot easier to catch them on the US side than to hope the Canadians will nab them and then have to deal with extradition .
This year one of their cats , Pinkey nabbed an entire gifilte fish .
They are n't going to be happy about this and they are going to be looking to nick pick the system .
I take the battery with me as I think it is unlikely they 'll just nick the lights and I usually charge the battery at work .
On the basis , what he was going to do he said : he was going to write this wonderful book and he was going to let us all see it in case anyone did n't like anything and so we believed him ; and what happened was he came out with some book called & quot ; The Love You Make & quot ; -LRB- I think it was called that -RRB- even nicked the title , is n't that wonderful ?
The user of the API does n't have to worry about when to normalize .
Balts , Slavs , Germans and Nordics nestled in-all the way north to the frozen scrags of Iceland .
It is possible you can use the three or four bands of such an eq to nick out the pressurization zone , and the first couple modes .
I could n't even nick the paper. .
For the most part this is overkill for podcasters , but it certainly does n't hurt to normalize the whole thing by a dB or two .
I wonder if Bas has it so that I can nick it temporarily put it on my iPod for a while .
I doubt that the ' druggies ' nicked it directly , it was about three miles away , and they would have been noticed .
Seeing as this theft bollox is on the rise again I would like the help of you power rangers who seem to get a lot of bikes nicked Looking at getting this set for the garage Almax Immobiliser III Cisa 28550-67 Lock Hardie Ground Anchor and one of these in the wall outside the flat .
When he was avenged of every attitude embarked to hurt him , he nestled into a little peace of mind of his own .
Now might be a good time to nab one. & quot ;
Normalizes your blood pressure and blood sugar levels .
Manual can be found at http : www.doggydoright.comid3.html ---------- which he will if we 're indoors -LRB- and have yummy treats which he will persistantly try to nab The dog only tries to & quot ; nab & quot ; the & quot ; yummy treats & quot ; in competition from the other dogs , Suja .
He 'd nick it just to try it out .
I think they nick named him Robo-QB or something like that .
I nabbed one on eBay for less than $ 100 earlier this year -LRB- retail was in the range of $ 250 -RRB- and I 'm very taken with it .
I 've found one of the last healthy bison - maybe I will just nestle in and see if I can get some free blood .
If the Palestinian reports are true , Israeli forces penetrated deep into the heart of Rafah late Friday night to nab Mohawah al-Qadi , a senior member of the Hamas 's armed wing and a commander in the Executive Force .
you 'd want to do this , too , because you might nab some lurking problems .
Most of us use a pocket knife - carefully , so as to not nick the wire .
At the beginning of the 1970s , the US sought to normalize its relations with Beijing , in order to be able to extricate itself from the Vietnam war .
By the time is was doing his gemcitabin treatment it was detected a vein cava trombo so he has been taking Sintrom 4mg in order to normalize his INR .
If you need to create an XML document with innerHTML , you will have to normalize it yourself .
Reluctant to stop the riders on the busy highway , especially since many Zoobombers openly admit trying to elude police who attempt to pull them over , Kruger said his officers try to nab them for stop-sign violations on their way to the off-ramps .
We were about to leave when we saw a dog approach him and nab him .
I shall nick that from you , if you do n't mind .
If someone sees my family walk away from the car and then nicks it , all they 've got to do is look for home among the stored destinations and the car will take them right to the door of my empty house .
Anymore after they nick you pretty good just to get in , you can expect to be hit up again IF you want to see the race from a desireable vantage point .
Today in Ticino was another sensational win for Italian-Russian squad Tinkoff Credit Systems ; Pavel Brutt nabbed Davide Rebellin -LRB- Gerolsteiner -RRB- and Luca Mazzanti -LRB- Ceramica Panaria-Navigare -RRB- on the line in the downtown Chiasso town after 172.9 kilometres of racing .
She put his arms around his neck and nestled her head against his shoulder .
Still , if someone nicks my truck , the likely response is & quot ; no biggie , not the first or the last & quot ; .
I may have to nick it .
I remember Hobbes still tried to nestle with his mama after she was spayed .
Even with all these soldiers and all this equipment , I knew that anywhere , at any time , any Iraqi with a gun , a wall to hide behind , and one decent eye could pick me off faster than a hawk nabs a mouse .
If I was able to reduce the noise level , it returned when I normalized .
Whether you or Hagar want to believe it or not this bill is designed to nobble National as much as possible .
North and South Korean leaders held a summit in October that resulted in a call for a meeting of three or four parties to lay groundwork for a formal peace treaty and normalized US-North Korean relations .
-LRB- I was thinking of early evening , but perhaps nighttime predators might be likely to nab it before it had a chance to find shelter . -RRB-
I know people can view the messages who are not members of the group and could most probably nick the password but I 'm happy to have it on at the moment .
On a few rare , precious occasions , when they 're not on a job and no one is after them , she is able to wheedle Mal and her brother into allowing her to put on the suit and go outside to nestle against Serenity 's hull .
I think that 's what elicited the audience response .
Once established the way he was , he became very hard to dislodge .
If your goal is to elicit information about an article you do n't understand then it might be profitable to ask a question about the article , rather than simply posting a portion of it .
He effaced the vestiges of idolatry from Mecca by revealing verse 9:5 -LRB- cited above -RRB- in 631 CE .
Usually it 's a good idea to rattle the keys while it 's been soaking for a while to dislodge any crud .
I would not have been willing to risk my own life to dislodge Saddam Hussein from power .
If you smack a jacketed -bullet - on the rear end with a hammer , you will not dislodge the core .
In the Binyamin region of Samaria , near the town of Hashmonaim , activities by volunteers undeterred by government efforts to dislodge them have begun to transform a hilltop into the community of Nofei Hashmonaim , ten kilometers east of Ben Gurion International Airport .
The SD would not elicit the behavior if it were not for the possibility of the reinforcer being delivered .
So , exactly what did I say , by your way of thinking , to elicit the Dobler reference ?
I agree that , if you 're not going to elicit the correct response every time , you do n't want to keep giving the cue and getting the wrong answer and then not being able to reinforce it .
Even if the nail dislodges the compound will fill the hole without any loss of pressure .
Source : Wikipedia On the Internet , baiting is similar to trolling , in that baiters , like trolls , try to elicit a response from other users .
Then they did electrify it , but as cheaply as possible -- with only enough capacity for a half-length train .
I do n't know -- indeed , I asked the question in order to elicit exactly such information , if it was available .
We 're NOT going to TELL you and we 're NOT going to SHOOT you -- so Pogue Black 's wheedling and goading is not going to elicit any of that classified information .
Ectoplasm , the once-popular mystic goo effused from the orifices of Victorian mediums , has vanished from the scene .
I would like to know how many of you have had a request which elicited the same response ?
But before we go trying to dislodge Castro we should ask ourselves , what is the track record of such countries that do submit to our will -- or help if you prefer to see it that way .
They would want to ride the banwagon of the popular unrest to their own vested interests and would want to dislodge him from power .
Wu-wei and wu-shi to me both mean to efface oneself in favour of what happens , without meddling in it or interfering with it .
I really want to understand this thing that could be a problem for Habari , but this is the last message I 'll send to try to elicit your reasoning for your dislike of it .
I 've heard that doing this dislodges dirt and can be worse than keeping the original fluid , but would like to hear from people who have experience with engines and Hyundai 's in particular .
Jayne shook his head fervently , trying to dislodge Mal 's hands .
I was unable to elicit any different response to counting than other words that Lumi and I had never used before in that context , which is consistent with your comments .
IDF Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi elicited enthusiastic applause from a largely Druze audience week ago when he told the crowd that in the next life , he wants to be a Druze .
The OW forum might elicit more specific responses -- I have used Watcom extensively in the past , but it is getting to be more and more distant past .
-LRB- 2 -RRB- We 're going to use every tool we can get to dislodge this regime , he replied .
These results demonstrate that activation of nuclear VDR elicits antithrombotic effects in vivo , and suggest that the VDR system may play a physiological role in the maintenance of antithrombotic homeostasis .
And of course I have an agenda , I want to know why we here in America , as we electrify our transport system , and conserve in a way which might be construed as & quot ; non American & quot ; , ca n't do the same ?
You are so right that there can always be a situation where a trigger elicits a crave that can get out of control .
He does have a hairball that wo n't dislodge , though , so I 've had to smear his paw with gel for the last few days and I 'm hoping he passes it .
However , I 've never had to hit a CRT hard enough to dislodge its phosphors .
I suppose that elicits a lot of jealosy .
The questions that would be asked are the ones that would elicit & quot ; no comment , executive privilege. & quot ;
They electrify it .
So it 's not that great music is n't being made , but it 's hard to dislodge a & quot ; classic & quot ; when you 're still working in that genre .
Once the belief is formed , it is very difficult to dislodge because of the innate conservativeness of the left hemisphere .
I understand that you ca n't get anything done unless you cut them in , but I 'd rather hold out for a system that takes the profit out of healthcare , rather than making it even more difficult to ever dislodge them .
& quot ; Waves of power & quot ; is just a semantic strawman designed to elicit an emotional response .
Nonetheless , if there is anything I 've learnt in my line of work , it 's just how hard it is to dislodge BN .
-LRB- well , not roll , but it sounds good -RRB- - but if it is carbon on top of a piston , which is what I think it is , you 'll be doing your best to dislodge it and blow it free .
I am part of a group which is trying to elicit some answers to these questions.Could
Their energy clung to the air and seemed to electrify one another .
The best way would be to electrify it at 25kV .
I am still trying to figure out how these things elicit such heated exchanges .
LIPA Schmeltzer Electrifies the Crowd .
Cecil , W5DXP wrote : & quot ; Waves of power is just a semantic strawman designed to elicit an emotional response. & quot ;
wrote : It also gave me huge pleasure to dislodge the first bit of Telkom out of my life .
Seeking reaction from webcomickers in attendence elicited a uniform disagreement with Rall , but I 'd like to open the question more broadly .
Upon arrival , the interceptor waggles its wings to elicit a response from the pilot of the off-course aircraft .
It also appeared to dislodge something at the flange of the bell which flew off around the time of fairing sep .
Words alone are rarely able to dislodge the foolishness bound up in the heart of a child .
However , an e-mailed questionnaire to Robert Hannington , managing partner , RCP , did not elicit any response .
You have to carefully choose acostume that wo n't dislodge yourhairpiece .
i know theres risks with anything like that , and of possible stroke , if it dislodges soemthing or possible limb problems. .
Not to mention that the electrical power utility in British Columbia is owned by the government of the province , as was the railway , so politics certainly entered into the decision to electrify .
It would not have been hard for Snape to elicit the date by legilimency .
On our part , we remain fully committed to it as it is clear to us that we can not sustain the status quo and must insist on a meaningful and forward-looking process that can elicit concrete results leading to a settlement of a bi-zonal , bi-communal federation , with the correct meaning of each of these terms .
-LRB- what do you do if the period of zero-G dislodges something in a way that prevents restarting the engine ? -RRB-
Reason by Steve Chapman & quot ; For nearly half a century , the United States has maintained an economic embargo in an effort to dislodge Fidel Castro from power .
Although there 's a large amount of truth in this , I ca n't see that the warning of Hell should elicit in us any great fear of the hereafter if it does n't really have any practical impact on the present world .
Of course I 'd be equally glad if I 'm just a victim of relativity hypnotists and Pentcho is the King of Physics who dislodge Einstein : -RRB- des On Aug 7 , 6:57 am , Eric Gisse & lt ; jowr ...
A shadow dislodges itself from the wall and .
The Rural Electrification agency was established to electrify many parts of the South that were still in the dark , because utility companies refused to serve farmsteads .
And then there 's always the chance that your perception is n't as bad as you 'd think it would be if you were n't the one in that situation , or if maybe there are things you 're doing to elicit such an attitude from him even if your perception is accurate , but that 's a different story .
I can not electrify the fence by the way .
He twisted back and forth in his bed , trying to dislodge it .
But it 's difficult for him to dislodge a chunk all by himself .
Touching the coronet elicits a severe pain reaction .
Their comments elicited a strong but pursed-lipped reaction from the Pentagon .
After all , I do n't want to do anything to dislodge this bionic lens that allows me to the truth where others fail .
2 hrs on the phone with Netgear elicited a promise of ' escalation ' and a callback , but my hopes are n't high .
I admit , if it 's something you can only elicit in certain conditions and it is n't disabling , I might eventually tell you it 's something I ca n't fix .
It also gave me huge pleasure to dislodge the first bit of Telkom out of my life .
wrote : The state of Israel have offered all kinds of financial incentives in an attempt to dislodge Iran 's Jewish population , but they have discovered & quot ; a lack of desire on the part of thousands of Iranian Jews to leave. & quot ;
Polls indicate that the term ' redundant ' elicits a large number of laughs when compared to various other terms .
With cheap labor , lots of coal , a fair amount of cash , and lots of traffic , it should be no surprise that the best choice at the time was to electrify a massive amount of track .
YHWH did n't dishonour his covenant with the descendants of Ishmael about the land .
-- Bruce Greeff The AWD system disengages at low speeds to prevent driveline windup while parking .
I know that tapping on the brake is supposed to disengage it , but it sounds so bizarre I just want to double check that there is no doubt it malfunctioned .
& quot ; It might have been walking or yoga , but it was self time , a white space where they could disengage from the old , obsessive behavior. & quot ;
I remember Judas , that was Bill Clinton , He was the one elected President before he Disgraced his Office and betrayed us ALL , and he did it simply because he could , because he could force us to watch .
Most of the dial calipers I 've seen have the pinion spring-loaded , you take above item and press it into the rackpinion interface area to disengage the pinion , then mess with the thing until the pointer is about where you want it .
But it is not just our failure in that all-important region that disgraces us .
This one is hooked by his own hand , and therefor unable to disengage .
Indeed , they were backstabbed , and after getting done with re-wiring them -LRB- BTW : coincidence or not , turns out the best thing to use to disengage those suckers is the prong of a cord !
So she had to have two or three & quot ; trache washes & quot ; to dislodge the food and the ick , and there was the breakthrough .
The invasion and occupation have stained the concepts of democracy , freedom and liberty ; and disgraced the good name of the people of both the United States of America and Great Britain .
The good news is that after suffering through six-plus years of the CheneyBush presidency , and despite the Bush-compliant corporate mass-media that often disgraces the journalistic profession , the public 's blinders are falling off .
The locker will disengage in turns when one wheel spins faster than the other , and as you should n't be in 4x4 on pavement , there would be no power delivered to the front wheels , so there should be no chirping or pulling .
They think nothing about putting an ad which disgraces a man who has served this country honorably almost all his life .
He surely does n't go public and disgrace his gang of federal numbskulls and fellow Republiscum , even if the rapist is still at large .
Some even believe if we disengage from the Middle East entirely , everything will be hunky dory .
We just had the 30K service on our '05 XC90 , but the dealer apparently failed to disengage the service light which has just now kicked in .
The IAC only operates at idle , step on the gas it disengages .
I have n't adjusted a clutch in many years , so I want to make sure I 'm adjusting it the right way , I want to adjust the linkage to make it slightly shorter , so that the clutch disengages completely when i let out the clutch , is that correct ?
So , too , does a desire to disengage from Iraq .
5 . Extended Supply Chain May Lead to a Long Way Home from Iraq If and when the United States decides to disengage from Iraq , we 're likely to find that rolling back the biggest IT-driven supply chain ever wo n't be easy .
They disgrace the word & quot ; American & quot ; , the American people and the nation of America .
I could n't find anything to dislodge it , and there was a line for the latrine , so I just left it .
This is from the guy who snips comments in order to disgrace others .
TK Comey said No ; history will look at this torture and disgrace the torturers .
I will seek to make suffer to the extent it is within my power , subject ot the rule of law you not I have the power to disengage after all you can find I ca n't as easily find you Dloyd Laives http : kb9rqz.blogspot.com
Bush and Cheney are the two most impeachable monsters ever to disgrace the United States , and an election is coming which will decide whether or not Americans are going to fall to corporate fascism .
When you say & quot ; we & quot ; are trying to disengage from the Mideast , do you mean the US or the UK ?
I disengage from the appeasers , the humanists , the liberals , the politically blind .
Next will be to disengage them from the firewall itself .
I had to disengage the traction control system to make it up my driveway .
We disengaged , but did not .
Using the transposing gears , you can never disengage the leadscrew , you have to back up the lathe every threading pass .
The worker 's comp sht totally disgraces me since there are not many schizophrenics that get hired on the spot. .
TopPoaster disgraces himself pretty well every time he says anything .
The trick is for the dps class to know when to disengage , and for the tank to know how to regain aggro .
I thought the emergency brake might have been set , but I engaged it and disengaged it , and still the car did n't want to go forward .
And that 's why when the left hublock on my own F250 failed to disengage , I manually locked BOTH of them so as to keep the center diff spider gears from overspeeding , until I brought it in to be fixed , which was PERFECTLY ACCEPTABLE at any legal speed .
Well , Elaine the Insane Pain , you have made a major effort in the past 5 YEARS to disgrace ME !
The clutch just does n't seem to disengage .
I would like to see some vibrant new leadership in the U.S. , a take charge kind of guygal -LRB- ideally someone who was against this fiasco from Day 1 , but I do n't think there are any of those -RRB- , who is able to get a strong progressive bi-partisan endeavour happening to disengage from this or - conversely - get in the bigger artillery and double the manpower to end it .
But our client dishonoured the cheque .
Some other models have a small detent somewhere that allow a screwdriver to be used to disengage Park .
The rear side door actuator control module disengages the clutch in order to disconnect the cable motor .
I disgraced myself and my family with my behavior and for that I am truly sorry .
The price of torture is unacceptably high because it disgraces and then undermines the country that countenances it .
& quot ; Although paternal love on the one side , and maternal love on the other , has involved us in a painful process , it nevertheless concerns no one else , and it disgraces neither of us .
The pilot of a ground-attack aircraft is rarely in combat for more than a minute at a time , usually knows exactly which one target he is going to attack in his minute of combat , and then gets to disengage while he figures out what he 's going to do next .
As far as I can see the only thing he could do was to disengage , yet that only resulted in even more blame being heaped upon him .
we can not realistically expect to achieve anything more through our military force , and the time has come to begin to disengage .
Dave wrote : The guy had a couple minutes to mess with his girlfriend , but he did n't have half a second to disengage the clutch , close the fuel petcock , andor kill the engine ? ? ?
& quot ; Most of us by now have learned that it is , in fact , not illegal to disgrace our flag in the manner reported .
If that happened , it would disgrace him , the country , the court and the queen .
Also , is there an override for this to disengage it if I ca n't get it to push in ?
If you do n't give it enough gas or let off the throttle it disengages .
He would then disengage himself from the task at hand and walk to the workbench , pick up the tool , and then say to me , & quot ; If it had been a snake it would have bit you. & quot ;
The seat is now in the down position , and it looks to me like if I lift the seat back so there 's a back seat again , I wo n't be able to disengage the latch since there 's nothing to grip .
and you 'll disengage the mirror and it will fall into your hand .
Because they dishonoured the family , he said .
Is it does not disengage properly , the 4x4 light will stay on even though the Tcase may not actually be engaged .
They had to disengage themselves from each other long enough for April to get up and answer the door .
Good Lord you halflings , put a bullet in the man before he truly disgraces himself .
My Lord , that would dishonour him .
Mabel was buried at Froarn on the 5th of December , 1082 , Durandus being at that time the abbot who disgraced himself by causing a fulsome epitaph , preserved by Orderic , to be inscribed on the tomb of a detestable murderess .
If you have a fire in the garage that has disabled the door opener , and the garage door is your only way out , I guess you would n't want to take the time , in the dark and smoke and fire , to look for your stepladder so you could disengage the trolley from the track .
Having the transfer case in & quot ; N & quot ; effectively immobilizes the vehicle since it disengages the drivetrain -LRB- engine , trans. -RRB- from the frontrear axle .
Related Articles , Links Maharishi Amrit Kalash rejuvenates ageing central nervous system 's antioxidant defence system : an in vivo study .
I lean toward the liberal and would vote for Hillary but I want to see the Republican Party rejuvenated and see it get back to its roots .
-- He only knows how to regurgitate his talking points. .
This means that it is not sufficient to be able to regurgitate the tax law .
In 1333 , Nichiren Daishonin 's designated successor , Nikko Shonin , passed away at Omosu -LRB- 27 -RRB- and his designated successor , Nichimoku Shonin passed away on the road to Kyoto to remonstrate with the government , at Tarui -LRB- 1115 -RRB- .
Thomas repudiated Paulet 's actions , and on July 31 , 1843 , restored the Hawaiian government .
If you just RELAXXX you can swallow things many times the size of your esophogus an if not , you can simply regurgitate them .
I do n't doubt it can be done since you will rejuvenate the oil by several top-offs during this period but at what cost to the engine ?
I think the only thing that will come out of this is that you and your wife will regurgitate these writings like some sort of sport over the dinner table , concluding that we are cruel yuppy people in America who kill animals .
He repudiated the internal debt of the Government to its own citizens .
These methods will irritate the tick , and it will regurgitate into the blood .
It 's not my job to regurgitate them to prove my point .
I have a friend who wants to rejuvenate the faceplates on hisher altimeter and airspeed .
If winterburn occurs on your pachysandra , you can rejuvenate it with a mowing , using the mower 's highest setting , in early spring only .
Why , for example , has there been no serious effort to rejuvenate the anti-poaching wing of the Forest Department and put it on a professional footing in all the States ?
There 's no need to regurgitate Vietnam with idiot-boy Bush in the White House .
In the space of only two paragraphs , he manages to regurgitate most of the DNC 's recent talking points .
After Nitta Yoshisada 's army defeats the ruling Hojo clan of the Kamakura Shogunate and Emperor Godaigo re-establishes the imperial government at Kyoto , Nichimoku had decided to remonstrate with the new government , which might bring on a new opportunity to refute the other schools of Buddhism in front of the ruler of the nation .
Looks like you will just have to wait for his wife to study all these subjects and regurgitate them back out in her own words .
All too often they only regurgitate what someone else has purportetdly told them to say .
Having been asked to leave the private land , and in full view of the IOF military outpost , they proceeded to remonstrate with the HRWs , saying that the orchard was the ' land of their ancestors ' .
The Druids originally built bonfires on Samhain because they were thought to rejuvenate the sun and banish evil spirits .
As a UCD graduate I was extremely happy to see the plans to rejuvenate the UCD campus .
no need to regurgitate them .
They simply regurgitate the pharmaceutical-company line that & quot ; the benefits of a drug outweigh the risks. & quot ;
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in remarks on Wednesday repudiated the American-sponsored road map to a peace process between the Israelis and the Palestinians .
You know , like randroidism , just regurgitate the words of the head drone .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- - G'day Mette , apologies for new thread , I had just completed a OE maintenance and can not regurgitate the orig thread .
Nomi remonstrates with him , but he is in a foul mood .
Furthermore , you are a libertarian and Ayn Rand repudiated libertarianism and all libertarians .
But he failed to gobble up Zeus , who came back in due course and overthrew him , forcing him to regurgitate all the other children he 'd swallowed .
Actually rejuvenates the contacts .
3.Liver and Gallbladder - Rejuvenates the liver .
But the intelligence community concluded in July , nearly six years after the attacks , that al-Qaida has been allowed to re-centralize and rejuvenate itself in Pakistan , where the still-missing Osama bin Laden is believed to be hiding .
He was , you see , 2,000 years old , and explained that he was so well preserved for his age because , in addition to living on air , he took every 20 years a spoonful of colorless liquid that rejuvenated him for 20 years .
If there is even a thread of the olfactory nerve left , it will help to rejuvenate what is left .
One thing to note is that corals will regurgitate indigestible food , and that might increase the nitrate content of the tank .
In fact , Rips quite explicitly denies that this is possible , and repudiates some of the work of Drosnin and others .
You might be confusing the fact that some people , Kantians in particular , will regurgitate a metaphysical response in a desperate attempt to claim a contradiction in an epistemological statement .
You need to learn to do better than to regurgitate incompletely-relevant references ; you need to learn to think in the manner of a normal human being .
I read everything you regurgitate .
if you come to B'more you will see much of the harbor and surrounding areas rejuvenated .
It 's about how Vassal rejuvenated an old boardgame favourite and how it let players build an online community gaming group .
It 's been frosty with on and off snow flurries this week , and that is the kind of weather that totally rejuvenates her .
You do n't think , you regurgitate .
It is a site that takes posts from Usenet and regurgitates them .
Abu Jandal -LRB- Radhiyallaho anho -RRB- counting his hardships remonstrated at the top of his voice but , much to the grief of the Sahabah , the Prophet -LRB- Sallallaho alaihe wasallam -RRB- agreed to his return .
Same thing going on here , but no one is trying to rejuvenate the railroads .
Even if you put a new chassis in and rejuvenate the tube it 's still not going to be as sharp and bright as a new one .
I 'll collate and regurgitate by the end of the week .
We can not approbate and reprobate at the same time. & quot ;
-- Ambrose Bierce Have fun , relax , rejuvenate , and do n't smoke .
Sharon Repudiates the Road Map .
It just means you can read and regurgitate things .
But there are some that simply regurgitate the arguments of others .
Austin helped rejuvenate the WWF in 1996 and 1997 , and the aftermath of his Wrestlemania XIV main event against Shawn Michaels propelled the ratings for the WWF 's Raw past WCW 's Nitro for the first time in two years .
I 'd suggest you Write It Down , Keep Copy by the puter , and Regurgitate when needed ! ! !
I keep handing you the opportunity to regurgitate your AIPAC vomit all over the place .
I rejuvenated an old gramophone - yes , valved ; my blind friend had been fond of it , it had chunky controls and could play 78s - which had got very hummy , by re-using some cap.s
Al Qaeda rejuvenated .
It is extremely important that we take time to relax and rejuvenate your mind as well as the body as often as possible in order to be able to perform our daily activities as desired .
1333 CE : Nichiren Daishonin 's designated successor , Nikko Shonin , passes away at Omosu -LRB- 27 -RRB- and his designated successor , Nichimoku Shonin passes away on the road to Kyoto to remonstrate with the government , at Tarui -LRB- 1115 -RRB- .
A chance to rejuvenate and invigorate their love .
& quot ; Because I 'm worth it & quot ; rejuvenates you .
The job of journalists , according to warbloggers , is to simply regurgitate the pronouncements of government officials .
He remonstrated with his friend on the danger of the task , and the ignominy which would attend its failure .
OTOH , Hitler ca n't repudiate BISMARCK to get off the hook , for one thing .
& quot ; It rejuvenated the song , & quot ; Randolph said in 1990 .
People who do n't think just regurgitate the sophistry and enjoy the sound of their own voice .
This is just a ridiculous comment that I 've seen others regurgitate .
I agree , that 's the standard spew parents regurgitate to their kids without stopping to really think about it .
They can memorize and regurgitate enugh to pass the class , but they do n't really get it before that .
Let me regurgitate : I know why you want me to run , and I hear your clamor .
Usually , they are older , as not many of them can rejuvenate themselves to look much younger than eight or nine years old .
He does n't think , he regurgitates and that 's his problem .
President Bush re-embraces the Middle East strategy he once repudiated .
Jill has a heedful , cautious approach to things , while you face potential peril sometimes too intrepidly .
When we multiply a 30 degree angle with a 1 degree angle we would expect due to vector cross product that the angle is about 31 degrees , not 180 degrees .
They each face a mandatory minimum 15 years in prison with a maximum 30 years .
When RM close a PO , they are obliged to pay compensation , and , possibly worse , face huge storms of public protest , commons debates etc. However , if RM can organise things such that the sub postmaster just can not afford to continue the business , and closes the PO , then RM can look all innocent , and exclaim that it was not their decision , and is nothing to do with them .
What kind of salary range does everyone fit into or expect ?
Ken Do not expect any tug pilot with a normal life expectancy to use a hand - held radio whilst anywhere near the ground especially with a reduced climb rate due to deployed glider airbrakes .
You half expect the picture editor to chuck in a photo of Bush with a Hitler mustache , and use a swastika as the ' s ' in his name .
Would one expect God to keep silent when homosexuals are tolerated ?
We do not even have to expect as much from ourselves as we would normally and reasonably expect .
And unless this trend is checked , UN aid efforts would face substantial hurdles .
I half expect someone to start claiming regional rights to rounded corners , diagonally striped backgrounds , giant fonts , and faux - reflected text logos .
Like the tobacco industry , the soft drink industry will face their judgement soon .
I see ugly " image not found " boxes sitting underneath all of your markers , where I 'd expect the marker shadows to be displayed .
David : So he resigns over that , but what accountability has he faced or might he ever face for the entirety of what he 's done ?
Hallmark fired two workers seen on the tape , and the men face animal cruelty charges in California .
Emphasis on conservation The water harvesting scheme at Ananda Nagar serves as a model for a nation where many areas face severe drought due to the rapid depletion of ground water .
And a few Americans -- namely those with high incomes -- face much lower taxes than they did a generation ago .
In the second part , three characters face struggles in modern Western society .
Without the negs , eBay ca n't suspend them unless they also have other problems with the person like false contact info , but folks expect eBay to suspend others based on their tirade on the Support Board - it do n't work that way !
While one may expect stronger shift in the systems with more electronegative atoms , this is not always true .
The film documents the experiences of several American army deserters who face one - to - five years prison time if they are deported and convicted of desertion .
Will she be my source of fortitude to face love 's ups and downs ?
;- I expect the bounce off the bottom is going to be spectacular .
I do n't agree with some of their decisions but that 's typical of most referees I expect .
You should expect some grumbles when you post multi-part pictures that most people see as code instead of pictures .
He then writes that George W. Bush and his allies should eventually face war crimes charges for their actions in Iraq : ' We should look more deeply into the possible criminal responsibility of the people who are , or were , responsible for this war and see whether there is sufficient evidence to make them answer for it . '
On behalf of Agami Odisha and our President Shri DK Ray , I congratulate all of you and expect your continued assistance from abroad for such noble cause .
She is in a war zone and could face death any passing day .
The relationship with Google which we expect will expand significantly in the months ahead is a prime example of the ways Nielsen is embracing new technologies , platforms and relationships worldwide to serve clients more completely , to provide companies with its insights and to help expand the base of potential advertisers everywhere . "
" The industries represented face common problems , " it explained .
The silvery side should face down , toward the sensor and away from the scanner 's light source .
I have not read all of it to see if it it possible for this to be asynchronous rather that just copying the data from the relevant data structure which I expect is synchronous .
you expect john nichols to be at least fair .
They face difficulties everyday , and understanding the stories of the Bible and the ways of God can help them deal with these difficulties with confidence .
Williams , who abandoned about 100 immigrants sealed in his truck 's refrigeration trailer after determining that it had become a death trap in 2003 , is the third person to face federal capital charges in the Southern District of Texas .
That 's the harsh reality you face .
But why would you assume and expect that named routes do something that none of the docs say they do ?
Pellens said that prosecutors expect Scientology to mount a strong legal challenge to the charges at a court hearing , which could come in the next two to three months .
I expect better leadership from all levels in our section .
Breast feeding -- Women can breast feed their children in public without fear that they will be asked to leave business establishments or face other repercussions .
I expect mine to crumble anytime .
The bulletins and prospectus covers what prospective student might expect from attending .
This war will be called the Battle of Integrity as you face circumstances , situations , tests and trials that reveal your heart .
We expect miracles to occur in place of doing the hard work of citizenship .
' A nation where citizens who speak to foreign correspondents face threats , reprisals and even bodily harm does not live up to the world 's expectations of an Olympic host , ' FCCC president Melinda Liu added .
The venison may well be from Mongolia originally , or other countries in central Asia - since it went capitalist , Mongolia 's economy has more or less collapsed completely and they have been killing their wildlife on a massive scale most of their large animals face extinction in a few years .
Or is he doomed to lose the next coalition battle , as inevitably he will face armies now larger than anything he can raise , grown wise as to his fighting methods ?
Beyond that is the myth that Americans who are lucky enough to have insurance never face long waits for medical care .
I currently have a lust for justice and to see the crooked bastards in the Greater Manchester Police face it .
What kind of fuel mileage should I expect ?
Senate Republicans from New Hampshire , Maine , Oregon and Minnesota , who face particularly tough races in 2008 , all voted in recent days for a children 's health care bill that Bush has pledged to veto .
Saluting the courage of all those who stand up to anti-union repression despite the obvious personal danger they face , Ryder added that " International solidarity action by trade unions around the world has brought much - needed support to workers whose fundamental rights are being violated .
You 'd expect memorabilia from her child prodigy years , but her father destroyed most of it .
With that , Clarence opened his pocket guide to Managing More Effectively and showed Felix the part about how one must always expect resistance when implementing new programs .
I 'd expect a memory mapped file where supported to be the fastest and simplest solution , but obviously some testing would be required .
What kind of gas mileage can I expect ?
You just called my faith a lame horse and expect me to just drop it ?
The rebuilding Chiefs face a tough road back into AFC contention .
Many recovering alcoholics must also face an underlying depression that seems to mock their efforts to attain real serenity .
If it did n't , why would companies give warranties and customers expect them ?
Well I expect V to wind up a ghost and then for them to destroy the ghost .
Iraq the Model : Iraqi journalists face jail time for writing critically about their society .
" Do n't push my limits too far " might represent anything from your example do n't screw around to " stop going off on endless bicycle tours and expect that meeting up at Club Med afterward makes up for the fact that you would rather be cycling around with a bunch of strangers than spending time with your wife and daughter " .
Consequential and risky emotions are castigated for unrealistically raising expectations , in a world where we should apparently expect little from others .
I expect businesses that depend on customers to interact via the Net to go after the cable folks .
Look the word up before you redefine it based on your obstinate refusal to face the probable truth .
They face constant harassment , abuse and near daily assaults in the West Bank and even worse treatment under virtual imprisonment in Gaza .
A year after Massachusetts became the only state to require that individuals have health coverage , residents face deadlines to sign up or lose their personal tax exemption , worth $ 219 on next year 's state income tax returns .
I think a lot of clubs who buy high profile players and expect them to magically perform often very strongly underestimate the psychological aspect of the sport .
It 's a valuable way to take out the enemy , but if you misfire or the enemy hits the tank first , expect that bad boy to come flying at you .
But there is one character who does face a compelling inner crisis : Snape .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper " We will conclude a formal agreement so that we never again face these baseless allegations , " he said .
And in either case , you will notice that the daily inner struggle you face takes place with an invisible foe that is always lurking beneath the surface of your rational mind , like a tiger waiting to leap out at you and devour you .
If it is a preemptive scheme , I expect that user threads requires a scheduler probably running in a different system thread and therefore need to be aware of the system thread layer .
i can face things better sober .
Business people in Vietnam face risks of jail under the broadly defined crime of economic mismanagement , said Tony Foster , who heads the Vietnamese practice at British firm Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer .
thanks vm , it is streaming after all so I guess I ca nt expect much .
Generally most universities fix 20 in each section - reading , writing , listening and speaking as an eligiblity criterion for admission , some universities might expect 22 too .
Giftzwerg " While acknowledging the difficult road they face , Clinton campaign officials say they are not panicking . "
At worst , I 'd expect some garbage paperwork .
At 7:35 AM -0600 21308 , Jen Hutson wrote : I think we will always have to dart across town to get what we want though ...
The problem with the Lacquer is that it darkens and eventually fails , especially in areas of wear so that you end up with parts of it tarnishing and parts still shiney .
However it takes it 15 to 20 hours before the new oil darkens much .
To highlight the sun rays , which to me is the interesting feature in the photo , I have to darken the water and landmass .
Let 's hope it 's a long time before America sends her to darken our country again .
My 2cents is that if you cover the linoleum with any finish it will darken over time and then possibly flake off .
She could n't even focus ; her eyes darted back and forth in her head .
This thing is going to deafen me .
I used stain to darken up the engraving , and to color-match the wood , which I finished with tung-oil varnish .
A volcano of ash darkens the sky .
They look impressive , and could deafen a crowd of a thousand easily .
In Milford , Romney darted back and forth at what could have been a presidential convention , with Romney and Sens. Christopher J. Dodd -LRB- D - Conn. -RRB- and Barack Obama -LRB- D-Ill . -RRB-
He grinned at her as she darted inside so that he could lock the door behind her .
I hear a big thump from upstairs , I do n't start crying , I dart up the stairs and go see if she needs help .
In 1871 Birds fly over the western part of San Francisco in such large numbers that they actually darken the sky .
And if he imagines that Israelis are uninterested in football , might I suggest that he decks himself in the colours of Hapoel and sit at the Maccabi end in a Tel Aviv derby .
It 's an eternity when you 're trying to dart out of a side road onto a busy street .
That 's when I darted into a doorway , joining a group of people watching the drama of this bloody crackdown from the sanctuary of a five-star hotel lobby .
I took some of the potassium permanganate and put on the over exposed light areas and it darken it right away to a real nice brown color .
If he donated to the IDF or Magen David Adom , he should not be allowed to darken the Knesset 's doors .
Here the glass darkens .
Then deafen yourself again when you put it back .
She sat there looking off into space for a long time after he darted out of the shop and eventually shook out of it .
Her large brown eyes dart around the room from BunBun to her school papers and chewed-on pencils on the floor , then back to the list .
And if the editorialist for the Times ever did darken the door of an economics class , it is sure that this person failed the course .
As the sky darkens , we 'll see fireflies by the hundreds light up the surrounding fields .
And then , one day I got home from school and when I opened the front door the dog darted out into the middle of the street , where he was run over by a car .
it will darken your world till you kill in the name of Love. .
They 'll have the ability to deafen your customers .
I do n't like auto darkening helmets , it seems to me that they darken too late .
Near the end of the day , the sky darkened , and Jesus was & quot ; taken up , & quot ; which could be interpreted that he was saved from the crucifixion , at least in spirit .
Optimal exposure , it 's just nice to darken in processing .
The town decks out the main street with quilts and people come from all over the place to see them and join in the activities for the day .
I do not live where animals are likely to dart out , so I want to see stuff in the roadway as early as possible .
Of course I was going very slowly because I never know when one of the kids will dart out so it did n't do any damage . -RRB-
I slowed for one ahead of me in the road , and two more darted out , one smashing into the left side of the van .
They wo n't darken if your are behind the windshield of a car however .
That will add flavor and darken the stock .
The town decks out the main : street with quilts and people come from all over the place to see them and : join in the activities for the day .
Once when I left her for three days , she took the opportunity of my coming in the front door with my luggage to dart outside .
The guy in the white car actually darted between the two police cars , right up the middle , and cut off the one on the left before speeding on up the road .
Mal 's scowl darkens .
Iain I emailed it this afternoon - please let me know if the quality is acceptable , I can probably darken it up if needed .
I am hoping it will darken up a bit with a few more coats .
Deck the boat with lots of money , tra-la-la-la-la etc etc .
He is not going to get away with that kind of driving for long ; if he keeps trying it on ovals someone is going to get hurt - either in the accident , or JPM will when someone decks him .
It will start to darken at some point as the water cooks out and the sugar begins to caramelize .
Ivory darkens as it ages , but haphazardly .
Licky is particularly interested in rapid movements it makes , and in how it can dart in and out from under the covers .
Regardless , I 'll take the insults , and if one of these creeps darkens my door , he is going to wish he had not .
Plus it darkens the water .
To say that the name ' Jesus ' decks the grave -LRB- in the sense of adorning , embellishing or adding lustre to it -RRB- is no different to the sense we are supposed to read into its use as applied to ' Shakspeare ' on the monument .
And you fail to menion what happened after She-Hulk decked Iron Man .
If I applyed a stain to darken the thing ?
And Thumper is so-o-o-o inconvenienced by the fact that the trucker does n't seem him coming as Thumper darts from lane to lane to get to the ramp that take him to the Hollywood freeway .
Well , a charger darts into the fray , whereas a draught horse farts into the dray .
I read it as he was looking for a polarizer that darkened the sky but did n't need to be rotated to maintain the effect .
Surely this guy is n't the first crook ever to darken E-Bay 's door .
She still darts now and again , but I think it is to stay in practice -LRB- just in case -RRB- .
A short time later , it darts in again .
A young man darts past , but Housman knows him .
wrote : I have found Woolworths to be totally arragant and voted with my feet about 12 months ago I now only darken their doorstep for a couple of things I ca n't find elsewhere .
One other thing - remember that the bruise will darken the first few days - this is normal and does n't mean it 's getting worse as some people will think .
It will slightly darken the tone but that 's ok for most strats .
The thunder was loud and deafens .
His eyes darted sideways back and forth , back and forth , left to right to left , back and forth .
Seems you may want to plant something that would not live there unless you apply help or energy .
I am more interested in the process of organizing reasons to agree or disagree with the ideas .
He also claims that S & C 's new numbers ' agree with the corrected balloon trends ' which of course is irrelevant if they all now agree with model predictions .
i agree completely and hillary clinton is 1 of the 1s who has the blood lust just like the bully boy .
For example " " Myth : A variac will allow one to apply voltage gently to a radio , so as to discover problems before they become fatal .
If such " on the cheap " services are not available where you are , my comments above apply .
I agree wholeheartedly that there is a chance that earlier attacks with Taxotere or vaccine , etc. might prove to lengthen life for a much longer time than waiting for the refraction to occur .
I agree with reducing emission , especially as fossil fuels will run out in the next few decades .
I 'll assume you agree and accept but if you do n't then be prepared to be made a monkey of in your own little egocentric Yahoo forum .
In real - world incidents however , we know that a large majority fail to apply their training successfully in light twins , with marginal excess horsepower .
German laws apply to Germans What 's that got to do with OURS ?
But are you saying you want the County Commissioners to agree in advance to implement whatever the " Citizens Advisory Committee " recommends ?
I think I basically agree but frankly I am not sure I like his insistance that this is a case of what should be called " nonconservative " fields except in some unusual sense of nonconservative .
Mr Cordato said that while the issue had not been tested in court , " the conclusion must be that there is no travel insurance coverage for travel to countries where level four travel advisories apply " .
Both considerations apply .
your ' rules ' surely also apply to your bookers who must abide by them .
David - I agree as well ... ...
While thus we agree , Our toast let it be .
The entire side of the body on the side of the free foot is the free side , hence the terms , free leg , free arm , etc. Similar terms apply to the skating side .
Do the parties disagree about which state 's limitation period shall apply and , if they do , what reasons does each proffer in support of the position each advances ?
someone posted on Manimail that she was really disappointed that it was the exact same show he 's been doing in Vegas I like the shades but agree , those would look better on someone with a wider face wider set eyes .
It does n't mean that I do fully agree with OP 's approach , but if he really targeted to do what he 's asking for then it is one of options .
They avoid rigidity , dislike identity politics , and apply few litmus tests .
Ability to apply multiple technical solutions to business problems .
" I absolutely agree with Ronnie .
would that apply to car tent sales ?
Does n't this same logic apply elsewhere ?
I agree that specific responses are probably more helpful .
Elizabeth carnivore I agree - Bambi was fiction .
However , I think it 's bogus because a simple EM with a different color will apply that different color to the EM element .
One needs to recognise the different standards that apply ... ...
While the Potter films are less historically significant I suspect a similar sentiment may apply here .
I completely agree with Simon on window size .
Jeremy I agree - take a look at the Pontiac Solstice roadster .
I agree with Dr Lewis : this was cavalier and dangerous .
If that site musters 10,000,000 voters who agree , then in March have a National Recall Election so that by April the USA has a new presidental team in the White House .
Different rules apply for statements obtained pre - and post - December 30 , 2005 the date of the enactment of the Detainee Treatment Act DTA .
That info does NOT apply to rubber roofs where you are pretty much stuck with using Dicor 's crappy 501 lap sealant .
So I 'd agree ... partially .
Deadline to apply is February 10th Please send a description of your act to vonfox ...
Open the phone to select the theme to change it and the phone sees the theme but it states files under the theme heading and only gives the option to ' open ' as opposed to ' apply theme ' What am I doing wrong ?
I agree they almost give the printers away and make up the difference in selling you replacement ink or toner cartridges .
Try peddling your idea over in Israel and see if your fellow Jews agree .
I agree wholeheartedly , even if the site is not about commerce .
Any help or directives etc that might apply ?
But when you say that gain will always be 1 , in which frequency does this apply ?
As far as chain length and tension goes , the same things apply with hub gears as they do with fixed ones .
I agree stuff was left out -- after all , it 's a comic book .
' Perform periodic system upgrades , unit testing , and apply bug fixes as necessary for all products .
Please apply or complain .
At the moment I rest both fingers on the buttons & only apply enough pressure on one of them .
I also agree about Hancock .
I do agree that Lowell Cohn is a scrub but in the long run it is quite funny , a reporter got his feelings hurt by that bad boy coach Lane Kiffin .
- Must have the ability to independently drive issue resolution , develop business knowledge , and relationships and apply technical alternatives while operating in a rapidly changing environment .
MG I agree .
How to Apply : - Interested candidates may apply on-line in the prescribed Application Form within 15 days from the date of publication of advertisement .
I 've actually read the background on the exception hierarchy and agree with it all , especially other suggestions that GeneratorExit derive from BaseException .
Although I agree that Kale & Amber would be a good choice , I 'll bet or at least hope it 's Kale & Jen -- I am SO ready not to have to listen to her any more .
Ability to quickly learn and apply leading edge tools is a critical success factor .
The Senate and House of Delegates finally found something they could agree upon , passing compromise legislation yesterday .
In many cases , high street retailers will also agree to exchange goods when consumers change their minds , but they are not allowed to charge for doing so if the goods were purchased online or via mail order .
Candidates possessing the following qualification should apply .
We agree completely , except the rude part .
All three realities apply , to varying degrees , at various times .
-- glen I totally agree .
I can not agree or disagree since I have been surfing and gathering info on the 70 , not particularly on Hippolytus .
Public , private , or charitable institutions in any country that have made a major and lasting contribution to the field of global health may apply .
That certain " older people " told one Professor Yellow Bird that they " generally agree " that whites deliberately spread the smallpox virus to the Mandans in 1837 p. 58 is evidence that is entitled to no weight at all .
I have corresponded with Jim Beaver and agree he 's an interesting fellow .
You apply odds depending on the situation .
And do these deductions still apply to an LLC ?
Completely agree with recommendation of the 7 , though it 's expensive .
The booster helps apply the brakes so you do n't have to press on the brake pedal that hard with your foot .
Once all handles and screws are removed , slide a screwdriver or putty knife under the edge of the door panel and apply gentle presure outward to " pop " loose the retaining clips .
I believe that if the Congress had passed a law that made the Do Not Call list apply to all telemarketers , it would pass constitutional muster .
Mix together & apply on the stomach & back .
With coaching from supervisor , may concurrently apply a technology across more than one project or work cell .
Regardless , we agree that risk implies less than total probability , the rest is semantics .
Bashing people w whom you do not agree wo posing a position is simply not intelligent .
I agree with Perpetual refugee ...
I did not want to intrude on it .
He 'll rip your lungs out , Jim -LRB- I 'd like to meet his tailor -RRB- Finally , some responsible journalism !
Unfortunately , Murphy still ripped her stitches -LRB- I could see the yucky parts inside -RRB- because we 'd never heard of a crate .
You can rip tracks from borrowed CDs and burn them to a new one yourself .
He knew all the staff and they fawned over him .
The business of thejournalists is to destroy the truth , to lie outright , to pervert , to vilify , to fawn atthe feet of Mammon -LSB- Biblical ref. -RSB- , and to sell his country and his race for his dailybread .
The larger concern , though , is having the platform ripped off & in the process ripping holes in the stern .
I guess my question boils down to -LRB- at least in part -RRB- : Should an app be a standalone app ?
There is a tiny amount of multi-path distortion here , but it intrudes not at all .
If this is what these camera stores do -LRB- rip people off -RRB- , I will never step foot in another one .
So you could imbue the hands , or the feet , or the elbows , but not all of them .
Colonial buyer must rip down and build new house .
However - when they rip major chunks - including pictures , etc. -LRB- esp .
Suddenly , there I was , up on the fore deck about 2 or 3 in the morning -LRB- why do these things always happen then -RRB- , madly scrambling to derig the thing and get it over the side before the sharp , broken ends could rip the sail .
Bot unlimbers his trusty morning star and lumbers towards the intruders , while Lore quickly imbues his crossbow with a Bane effect .
I would have loved to have taken some pictures , but I just felt that it was disrespectful as a tourist to intrude .
You would have to put the machine in a different case because the PDS slot is on the left -LRB- bottom -RRB- of the motherboard and it would intrude on the case .
I rip all my movies to hard drive also .
The car thief ripped the side compartment of the car next to the steering wheel .
The formation of a socialist party requires a very serious effort in order to imbue it with an ideological , political and organisational structure that will accord with the socialist objective .
IIRC the lumberyard ripped the plywood sheets for him .
But the ford dealers around here -LRB- NYC -RRB- are all idiots and rip off artists in the service dept .
It imbues the transaction with an emotional charge inappropriate for the conduct of business simply because you imagine it would support your position .
If you are trying to cantilever this out over the property line it wo n't work , you do n't have rights to intrude on someone else 's lot line just because it does n't touch the ground .
you ripped that poor guy off .
I have no reason to fawn or bootlick but I invariably address envelopes to men I do n't know , using Esq .
If you pay a commercial service to rip your LP and do a professional cleanup job , are you or they breaking the law ?
When you actively train with resisting opponents , what works and what does n't work becomes blatantly obvious , so little wonder both arts boiled down to pretty much the same techniques .
You will also use the hunter 's Grapple Lasso to latch onto objects and enemies To do so , you simply lock - on with the Z button and then make a quick throwing gesture with the nunchuk ; once latched , you snap backward with the attachment to rip off wall panels , or even pull the tails off some flying enemies , quickly disposing of them .
There were a few places I thought I might rip off my awning -LRB- or worse -RRB- .
The music never intrudes .
It appears to have deleted all my music -LRB- with no warning -RRB- and is now syncing the little music I happen to have on this laptop -LRB- mostly new music I rip to this laptop & copy over later and add to my main iTunes library .
No matter what she paints , I feel that she imbues each painting with a certain feeling of life .
Rip the rubber off , then go around with a pair of pliers and pull out all the old little plastic clips .
I dropped the package ONCE and the booklet ripped the 3 staples from the spine .
Personally , I do n't mind if he continues to intrude .
Ever rip out a nose hair with tweezers ?
If you answer the question honestly you will come to the conclusion it is because 1 -RSB- They rip up international laws and treaties when it suits them , 2 -RSB- They lie and decieve even those who are supposedly their friends 3 -RSB- They refuse to agree to comporomise , and do as they wish based on their strength .
I imbued his feet with the special properties of the Signature Weapon so he would n't have to drop the longspear .
This spring intrudes into the area where the spare tire would be located .
But even Mantashe spoke of a need to imbue the quality of members while at the same time growing the party .
Our newsgroups rip EVERYONE On Jul 10 , 11:33 am , JW < J ...
Do n't pull the latex with your nails , or it 'll rip ; likewise make sure you cut your toenails before putting on latex stockings .
Others may not see Him in the way I do so I do n't want to intrude .
Who can imbue the new generation with a sense of Greekness ?
It is third world , KBG and Gestapo , that anyone would be granted power without supervision to intrude into this area , amd in this fashion .
Remove what screws there are , then carefully pop the buttons loose from the door one by one -LRB- you can often do this by just pulling the panel out , but it 'll sometimes rip the slots where they go in the door - a panel popper tool is definitely recommended -RRB- .
did n't he just rip off Robert Adam and Tommy Sheraton designs ?
TANG fairly ripped apart some by getting in among them -- not pretty .
If you believe that space actually surrounds things , then there is no difference in principle with the mystic 's view that God imbues all matter , or some such .
There 's a dished-out area in the radiator-supporting front frame into which the back of the lamp intrudes somewhat .
I ripped a pic from the guy 's ad on walneck 's .
Sony is busy trying to rip off Linden Labs .
Maybe it 's different for those that have seen VH though the years with Hagar and Cherone , I 'm sure this concert ripped apart the 2004 tour , but I have n't seen VH since 1984 , so they had a lot to live up to .
And while I do n't have any research at hand to back this up , my experience is that SUVs imbue a sense of insulation from the environment in a way that cars do not .
If you do n't know how to use an external subtitle with your preferred media player just google it to find out -- I ripped this DVD setting the XVID codec 's quanitizer to -LRB- 1 -RRB- for highest quality hence the rather large file size high bitrate .
I bought all new radiator and heater hoses and will rip everything apart tomorrow .
Giftzwerg wrote : And how much fun can trolling be when you 're forced to troll without any real recognition , due to continually having to change your nym - added to the fact that your only interaction boils down to changing your nik , getting a post past the killfiles , getting laughed at and called a dimwit by all concerned , who promptly alt - K you again .
I did n't realize you had company , and I do n't want to intrude .
If it intrudes into your personal space then it should n't be allowed .
No real life intruded into my writing time and when I got back around to it , I could n't seem to get the flow of the story back .
Which would seem to suggest that they have the power to imbue an advantage .
I ripped all the wiring from the remote starter out from under the dash , but left the control module so I could unlock the doors and trunk remotely .
We 've all seen the posts insisting JK ripped off , was influenced , based HP off of LOTR , Bewitched , or this or that .
wrote : I verbally ripped off a coworkers head about an hour ago .
Mustain , in a book on Springdale 's 2005 football team , ripped Arkansas coach Houston Nutt .
I do not know what company filled these buildings and imbued them with life , but it must have been a fast and furious time .
By comparison , you can only use your Ipod to listen to music you either rip yourself or buy from the Itunes store and you can only listen to AAC files , a horridly inferior compression scheme when compared to MP3 .
files I get when I rip tracks from CDs into mp3 files .
I have n't heard anything today , and do n't want to intrude .
Never count your chickens before they rip your lips off John Salerno wrote : I think I 'm sort of in a funk right now after achieving flight form .
wrote : David Starr wrote : Think about acquiring a table or radial arm saw and rip the outer leg box pieces to the desired width .
I notice some people rip by tracks on a CD , some people split by chapters , and some people just rip these audio CD's into one file per CD .
You also do n't have to slobberingly fawn over the Patriots after the loss , as while they are better , they are beatable .
I would only engage in this fantasy furthur if we find some way to imbue magical superhero pragmatism powers to the wearer of the Rortysuit .
They fawned over Op-Truth .
Brian ripped the picture off a website I maintained as part of a film project I ran in 2001 .
If you finally do get the softer springs you think you need , and one of your buddies complains about how his butt hurts , you can sell him your gel pad .
Mohammed is the main show to end all shows , but any previous notables get a nod too .
For UK and France , there are several international sims that will give you free incoming calls in both countries .
Can anyone in cyberville tell me how to contact him or get info about this event ?
Please get your facts correct .
Scanning at higher dpi will give , in general , better output on glossy paper .
Lines parallel to the horizon give breadth ...
These cats give no warning .
If I had to guess , I 'd say it must be impossible or horribly expensive to get flood insurance for these properties .
Ronnie replied to Jon : Jon , I sincerely hope your eyes get better soon ...
Did he give her bad tips for punditing or was she just unable to overcome her own deficiencies ?
I undertook to show this was true in a very extreme case , merely because this would serve as a good teaching aid to those whose temptations to give in to anger and assault would NOT be as extreme .
Also , different versions of Flash give me different results on specific bits of Flash code .
Unfortunately , you 'll need to remove your radiator to get the transmission pan
We would like to thank the Sisters of the Corpus Christi Monastery , the Mayor 's Alliance for NYC 's Animals , the Humane Society of New York and Pets Alive for their humane efforts to help these cats get safely to their new home .
You can get Royal Oak lump charcoal at Wal - Mart , or a lot of places carry mesquite lump , which is n't as sweet .
When it is placed in the fixed left - hand column the widgets get confused , with the Calendar appearing in an incorrectly labelled box and the widget that should appear in that box not appearing at all .
Does it give anger more emphasis ?
Ken Olsen at DEC would often give the same assignment to two teams , then have a bakeoff .
Morency 's extended absence will give Jackson plenty more opportunities to showcase his skills - and perhaps secure the starting job , if his pass - blocking improves - the next couple weeks .
There are those who arm themselves with authorized scientific opinion in their commentaries and give the meaning stated here .
" Why not get original info instead of stuff filtered through some reporter who thinks he should protect you from what you do n't need to know ?
I know the hit - from - behind thing too often gets downplayed -- fact is , sometimes riders indeed do get hit from behind .
It might be a good idea to take her to the vets to get her weighed accurately , and to check for any underlying health problems .
Age may also play a critical role in the decision of whether to give chemotherapy following surgery , known as adjuvant treatment .
The ESL988s in the AV system give a less well defined image .
A server should of course give the UTC date and time .
Resellers get $ 15 of $ 20 per YouTubeMailer package sold .
A Senate leadership aide said Dr. Frist wanted to give some drug benefits to people in traditional Medicare , but favored " higher benefits " for those who enrolled in private plans .
Now I am not suggesting that you should offer vauluations for free to your customers in your shop or give away your wares for free but this is the internet for god sake , I am half way across the world .
Women who look good enough to appear in Victoria 's Secret catalogs generally do n't have to make any particular effort to attract men and get them sexually excited .
" We either get him rehabilitated now in the juvenile system or we will be dealing with him for the rest of his life , " said Warren , who plans to proceed with all the cases in hopes of getting restitution for victims .
I bet you grease the exhaust and give your mini some real love every now and then .
These strange inconsistencies tend to give support to Mohammed Atta 's father 's claim that he spoke over the phone with his son on September 12th , the day after the attacks .
I then give the doe a big handful of hay for her to build a comfortable nest .
Purchase today and get the Fibromyalgia Jump Start Program for only $ 165 !
He ca n't conceive that people can like or dislike each other for what they are - no , in his paranoid world they get together and whisper how to do other tribes in .
You do n't need much speed to get a jumpy animation .
High quality idscs like Taiyo Yuden or Verbatim seldom give me problems .
Yeah , it was surprising not seeing some teams get bids .
the state in a pluralistic society , must not be biased : it may not take sides with any one group , give undue privileges to one group and discriminate against another one .
" What kind of a discount does the local dealer give to independent repair shops ?
7. Take Advantage of IRS " Catch - Up " Rules - Congress created " catch - up " provisions to give older workers nearing retirement an additional tool to bolster retirement savings .
I will first give Rebecca st Sandblasters a try .
Inland North you get Plantation , lots of golf courses , and big hotels with big prices .
I run an Advertising Agency and use blogging and the internet to gain perspective and get feedback .
" If you want to experience how bad an airline can really get , fly Olympic , the national airline of Greece . "
However , when I try to upload my template and replace the standard Blogger one I currently have , I get numerous error messages about the strict code requirements .
I 'm assuming that it must be a fuse or a relay that is faulty - can anyone give me any thoughts on where to look next please .?
IE works fine with all the CSS suggestions I give it .
wonder how much beta testers get paid for software companys do nt alpha testers get paid ?
Only yesterday I was saying that we 'd get BBC HD via the Internet by the end of the decade , and I got a whole host of people telling me how fking wrong I was and that superfast broadband will take 50 - 100 years to become widespread .
IF causality is a natural law THEN you will obviously get errors and absurdities because you have built a model that is not based upon reality .
She said she learned from her experiences that the three branches should give government a system of checks and balances , but that the system does not work in Florida .
Bush used 911 to get Saddam .
I ask You to reveal all of the errors in their beliefs to them & give them the courage to change .
I give myself away here !
Weaving fresh blossoms into garlands , give worship unto God .
I nearly get run over when I 'm driving 65 mph .
Dollar Store acrylics are so cheap and plentiful that I dare to experiment freely to get the desired shade .
Coming around a corner with a rifle will give an intruder advance warning of your presence .
This is a message to the many people who give charity generously but who never allow the poor into their homes .
You guys wo nt get it ...
And yes I do get my glands swollen and painful when I 've done too much .
There 's about 10 % hardcore troublemakers give the rest of us a bad name .
I get 8 bucks for a base gasket .
But if we 're going to bomb the whole place , why not instead just give the residents 72 hours notice to evacuate and then carpet bomb everything ?
And if you usually get your amateur kicks from ' audition ' type scenes but hate the lechy dribblings of a sleazy director which often make the girls uncomfortable then Melanie 's friendly , pressure free style is a real breath of fresh air .
Just get a lingerie bag and wash them with the rest of your stuff .
The small headers that dump in the Centre can give you extra clearance .
If you have found an interesting old calculating instrument with scales based on the logarithm , please contact me , and I will make a fare and honest offer - and give your slide rule a good home .
For operations under certain other FAA allowed operations , a pilot or even a non-pilot , may be qualified to give FAA approved or required initial and recurrent instruction .
He might get guilty feelings adding to his distress , from " getting away with it " when everyone else gets a penalty for revoking .
Post them to our google group and get answers and thoughts from other moms .
My grandmother knew Saklatvala well before the war as she , a committed suffragette , had turned her attention to the problems of working women living in the poorest areas of London , in particular the problem of back - alley abortions and he contributed some cash to help her set up an illegal surgery to give poor women safe abortions .
does it give the granted powers , too , or just the spells ?
Murchadh 's comment : Note how this idiot did n't give the website URL !
You may find that there 's a group of other not - so - experienced riders who also get dropped quite early , and you can continue to ride in a group , even if it is n't a group that 's in contention .
Jo Firey wrote : I 'm convinced there are things like colds and the flu that our furry masters get , just like we do .
Corner cards obviously morph into illustrated mail when typographers and artists and engravers decide to get fancy .
Also , There is a solution you can soak the newspaper in , which will help preserve it - perhaps it just makes the paper acid - neutral .
Medieval Christian cemetery smashed to dust by Muslim militias .
After all , the criminal can simply smash the window and gain entry .
According to reports , it was in the early hours of yesterday when a man smashed the door to the apartment shared by Browne and Yearwood and destroyed furniture and other household items .
' They smashed the windows of the cars parked in the garage , smashed the computer to the ground and took $ 260,000 from the house , ' said Mr Mansour , who comes from one of southern Iraq 's wealthiest families .
AR - News Massachusetts : Smash the State , Crush the Cage conference .
because the urine soaks into the slab .
just use a dry pail and every few washes I start the wash but then interrupt the cycle so it sits and soaks for an hour then continue the cycle .
Until one cold , blustery , rain soaked day early in April 1988 -LRB- while truant from Sandymount Highschool -RRB- , I retreated from St. Stephens Green for the warmth of Waterstones bookshop on Dawson street - which at the time had the largest and most select art book section in Dublin .
Because we also overwrite EDI when we smash the SEH we will trigger an exception .
If iPhone has less than 30 % of the world mobile phone market , then you turn over your iPhone to me , I smash it with a hammer , and then you will eat it .
Then there was the time Jaymz picked up his computer and smashed it up against the wall .
You do n't want to soak for too long and six to eight hours seems about right .
While I like to soak in the tub for an hour or so , which opens up the pores , I do n't suggest this for men without a snorkel or really , really strong lungs .
I can soak off a set and put a new set on in that amount of time or less .
Of course , he soaks it up and wallows in it like a pig in mud .
I would n't soak them .
They smashed his head with their combat boots ...
I could soak in it like a hot bath and the tips of my fingers would go all funny after staying in it so long .
IF Alonso smashes into Hamilton , Massa can win at home .
The only way to remove the lock is to smash it with a screwdriver .
It 'll soak in and biodegrade .
Smash your thumb with a hammer and you will forget all about the toothache .
Best suggestion is get a can of PB Blaster and soak down the nut before attempting to remove .
The monster also manages to smash down doors to add to it 's scare factor - I remember being pretty scared by this film when I was a kid .
I am going to shine a light on attitudes , motives and hidden agendas , which will be valuable in making decisions and will in some instances cause you to make a course correction at this time .
If a hurricane smashes a city , is that good or bad - Most insurance companies classify this as an act of God .
9 . Medicine for toe nail fungus can be very costly , but you can use one part Apple Cider Vinegar to one part warm water and soak your feet .
Let them soak in their own sin for now .
I know it is in your blood to smash people , but we no longer need your thugging ways .
You have to keep turning them so they do n't soak up the oil and get heavy and make sure your fat is up to temp .
During one undocking and redocking test in 1997 , an off - course Progress smashed a crack in the hull of the Mir space station and very nearly killed the three men on board .
We shall establish a Christian state there , and then we will smash the Arab Legion , eliminate Trans-Jordan ; Syria will fall to us .
I say smash an egg in his face , everyday , ala Cagney & the grapefruit .
I have never , ever , ever soaked a carboy overnight or for hours , and never used anything but dish soap .
We do n't soak or wrap the wood , just throw the branches and leaves on the fire .
Last night , I soaked the plug with Liquid Wrench , and warmed it up .
It appears that a nexus between the sufi rebels and the pandits of the temple existed and it was primarily to smash this nexus that Aurangzeb ordered action against the temple . 7
I was on pace to smash the record high score until UNC lost .
Allow to soak while you prepare the rest of the vegetables ; drain .
Prosser orders the Humvee to smash down the home 's locked , front metal gate .
You can begin to soak up the warmth as the tensions just melt away .
What would happen if I smash up every one of the 400 different statues of Vedas gods , can those gods on earth protect themselves ?
- Soak your feet in very diluted chamomile tea .
Soak the rice noodles in cold water for 30 minutes , or until soft .
Just remove the burner and soak it a bit then ream out the holes with a whittled - down chopstick or a rat - tail file .
Agree ahead of time to NOT smash the cake into each other 's faces .
I rue the day my wife found my dogeared copy of Sisters , and in a fit of rage , soaked it in Bourbon and threw it in the fireplace .
It is believed that the driver of a Hyundai Coupe , travelling along the same road , lost control on a bend and smashed into the pair .
a man grabs a head and smashes it against the floor making coins spew on the floor .. he walks out ..
Perchance , did you soak that lady 's fingers in Grand Marnier ?
BALTIMORE -- The Rangers smashed their way into the Major League record books on Wednesday night with the most runs scored in 110 years .
it lets the ground soak it up gradually , rather than flowing over it .
This effectively smashed the esprit de corps and created all sorts of accountabilities and bonus schemes , resulting in less cooperation between institutions as an example of the damage done .
I personally do n't care what it smashes its skull in with .
and if you 're trying to smash the fortresses around Verdun you 're committing troops and resources that are no longer available elsewhere .
forgot to tell that to the guy a few years ago where OJ in a fit of rage took a crow bar and tried to smash the windshield to get at the guy .
And , lastly , may irony shine its esoteric head in the form of animal researchers catching debilitating diseases and painfully withering away because research dollars that could have been used to treat them was wasted on the barbaric , unscientific practice of vivisection .
3 . Soak the pad in a container of fresh or old urine .
Although the number one official reason for the remarkable increase in the installations of home spas is to sooth overworked muscles and soak away the effects of stress caused by our hectic lifestyles , home spas are also a wonderful socializing tool as many people have found out over the years .
Submerge the piece in a mild solution of the detergent and let it soak for a few minutes .
If it drains onto his property and naturally ' soaks away ' into the ground before crossing your boundary then you have little chance of doing anything about it unless you can prove that the water actually comes from that source -LRB- using a coloured dye -RRB- and that it is causing damage .
I had my front end smashed the other day and am looking for a good shop to replace the front nose in MarinCounty .
Smash the brain , smash the soul .
Peteski Another simple and safe method is to mix up water and Tide -LRB- or a similar detergent -RRB- to a consistency slightly less thick than toothpaste and soak the parts in it for a couple of days .
Wrap them in a towel to soak the excess water out of them , hang them to dry .
To summarize : Three steps must be taken to smash the war racket .
One day , while all the townspeople were out , Abraham angrily smashed all the idols with his right hand except for one , which was very large .
Or perhaps adopt the tactic of very quietly lying in wait and then smash him in court when he scams again , as promised ?
Fisk : An Urge to Smash History into Tiny Pieces .
Adolph Reed , Jr. , a political scientist at University of Pennsylvania , contributor to The Nation , and Labor Party stalwart , argued that kids are sponges , they soak up what 's around them .
Because the last time I let her push the cart , she smashed into my ankles so many times , my feet had to be amputated by the end of our shopping trip .
A company I worked for years ago used this stuff to dissolve thermosetting bonding mats used to stick ultrasonic transducers to the bottom of cleaning tanks - you do n't want to soak PCBs in it though , it 'll dissolve them as well !
After an interminable effort to save the unfinished work of art , and as the boy watched incredulously , the old sculptor picked up a sledgehammer and smashed the unfinished -- and now irredeemably - marred -- object into pieces .
On a lonely planet spinning its way to damnation amid the fear and despair of a broken human race , who is left to fight for all that is good and pure and gets you smashed for under a fiver ?
Alternatively they could be flurocarbon or silicone based products which soak into the stone rather than forming a film on top .
So I washed out both halves thoroughly and soaked them in a trisodium phosphate -LRB- it 's a cleaning agent , I got it from Ace -RRB- and it took like 5 washes before the top half was clean .
heads smashed against the boulders and walls . "
one of the uchideshi who worked in a restaurant part time showed me this trick Wet the stained parts of the dogi with cold water then sprinkle on meat tenderizer -LRB- buy it at the grocery store -RRB- Let it soak into the stain for about an hour then just wash it in the machine .
Maybe that is why they soak in sunlight and release oxygen for life forms to ingest .
This is something on an entirely different scale from the 1930s : Seventy years ago , Britain and Europe could not rouse themselves to focus on a looming war ; today , we ca n't rouse ourselves even to focus on a war that 's happening right now .
Do not rouse me to my full , ill-humored Republican form of Patriotism - it may become necessary for me to SLANDER you ! ! !
I have the woodstove fired up to take the chill off , and have been under an afghan and shawl on the couch , reading until I can rouse DH out of bed .
8:65 , Rouse the non-Muslims to the fight against Muslims .
He also cleaned up all of the sliding-tubing connections between the radiators and phasing coils , roughened them up a bit , gooped them with a conductive anti-oxidant compound , re-fit and re-tuned them , then drilled through the tubing and riveted them together , and then used heat-shrink tubing over all of the phasing-coil connections .
But they rouse when he says , & quot ; We do n't have a peace process , we have a surrender process & quot ; and when he chastises the president , saying that if he were & quot ; serious , he 'd move our embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem tomorrow. & quot ;
Once the reader started them , those books begged to be finished , and they did not have to be dumbed down to rivet attention .
The first one up in the morning , the headman tries to rouse his companions by standing in the middle of the village plaza and shouting to them .
Here 's how the Washington Post 's Evelyn Nieves tells the tale : Of all the thoughts that might rouse Stanley Tookie Williams in the middle of the night , his favorite are pithies .
Intercession means that we rouse ourselves up to get the mind of Christ about the one for whom we pray .
Parra said some of the injuries may be the result of Sanchez 's attempt to rouse the baby from his seizure .
If the sounds of his steps does not wake me , do not try to rouse me , I pray .
The trial riveted much of the United States .
Leave it to GM to rivet a rotor to the axle .
It would also , in my opinion , be justifiable if you need to rouse attention to an emergency even if that emergency is not a fire .
Should I drill and rivet the adapters or do something else ?
If you can only get L-section , you can do this with a center plate and weld or rivet each side to it .
But if he does not rouse himself and respond -LRB- behavior -RRB- , I 'll look more closely , and perhaps discover that he is a mannequin , or even dead .
If you got the hole too close , I suppose you 'd need to rivet a strip into the rib flange and redrill .
I thought , ok just rivet it back on .
This is bound to rouse the anxieties of peace-loving Euopeons .
I 've got a design going where I 'm using mirror-bright stainless , and was planning to rivet these 3 parts together - one .093 or so , one .125 , and another .093 , in sort of a stack .
It is time to bring this madness to an end - and to rouse the nation before it is too late .
Both talents rouse the emotions. & quot ;
It turns out that housebreaking and training a baby puppy was the only thing that could rouse me in my grief. .
If he hosts a domain for him , you might want to file a complain to Tucows and see if that rouses him from his slumber .
I 'll be safe for the five minutes it will take you to rouse Maester Riemann and return .
More and more evidence says that in the months before World War II , the Navy and White House worked together to allow the Pearl Harbor attack their own officers saw coming , the better to rouse the public for what was to come .
He was on the way to fashioning his proposal for a constitutional amendment that would create a federal initiative process , a dream that has yet to rouse popular interest .
I roused the yeast yesterday in secondary and I 'm going to take a reading in a day or two , but I suspect that there is n't enough yeast in there to make a difference .
Once an atmosphere of danger and the need for immediate action prevails , then the image of an arrogant , thick-skinned and sluggish administration rouses the people rather than immobilizing them .
Well , it did n't rouse me : I woke up after it had started , but I fell back asleep .
In the meantime , Ascherman , who had heard about the incident , drove from Jerusalem to the orchards while trying to rouse the police and army to stop the incident .
We did find some adequate looking muddy sand shoreline in places but still could only rouse up about a dozen Baird 's Sandpiper , a Greater Yellowlegs , and a flyby Least Sandpiper in addition to Killdeer .
The first time I read Coriolanus , when I got to the part where Coriolanus tries to rouse his troups and then leads a charge into the city , but no one follows him and the doors of the city close behind him - leaving him one soldier trapped in the city of his enemies , I laughed out loud .
I am getting ready to rivet the skirt to the left and right side cross members .
I inquired as to how he fulfilled his mission without so much as a demo tape , but he would n't say .
The President inquired as to whether or not any member of the public wished to address the Board members .
It appears that in February last a committee was appointed , consisting of Mr. Murgatroyd and three other gentlemen , to inquire into the affairs of the company , and to report .
Young 's comments were prompted by a member of the audience who inquired about his opinion on Obama 's candidacy .
I want to inquire if they 've found any answers .
The Prophet -LRB- Sallallaho alaihe wasallam -RRB- on reaching Tabuk inquired as well , ' How is it that I do not see Ka'ab ? '
After I gave him the information , he went on to inquire about his wife 's benefits .
And as for ARVs concerns , quite right to inquire .
Dear drumkitdrumset-playing friend , We are writing to inquire if you 'd like to take part in a performance on friday , 7 september 2007 in Philadelphia , PA .
The next morning he decided to inquire of the Lord about the happenings of the last two evenings .
After a few days I inquired as to the status of the order .
At NARAM a few folks inquired about the knit mylar sunscreens we had around our canopies .
The Buddha then said to the bodhisattva Jagatimdhara , & quot ; Jagatimdhara , go to the Licchavi Vimalakirti to inquire about his illness. & quot ;
Submissively we should inquire about the principle of devotional life from him .
Or , failing a trip to ScottieWorld , they could inquire of certain RAOers who have already been there and done that .
Not too long ago , a reader inquired as to the differences between shrimps , crayfish , langoustines and lobsters .
When the Prophet of Islam , missed them in the mosque , he came to Fatima Zahra 's house to inquire about them .
inquired the voice on the other end of the telephone .
In the dialogue , the interlocutor inquires of Leonardo about his relations with his assistant , Salai , Did you play the game from behind which the Florentines love so much ?
I inquired about the $ 700.00
In fact , when I inquired about whether or not we had an official policy on it -LRB- who can , who ca n't , and under what circumstances -RRB- , I was met with blank stares .
I am sure they have their own excuses ready to send out to anyone taking the time to inquire .
I inquired of them if there were any more people like me .
You might inquire as to any dif kind of mamo you may be able to take , since you have a direct history of cancer in the family .
Mr. Kar inquired .
In 1332 Richard visited Cambridge , as one of the King 's commissioners , to inquire into the state of the King 's Scholars there , and perhaps then became a member of the Gild of St. Mary - -one of the two gilds which founded Corpus Christi College .
This intrigued him and he wrote to Bill Fabrey , who was mentioned in the article , and inquired about starting a group in the Los Angeles area .
I 'm surprised you did n't inquire about the HadHad ?
In fact , my Hindu friends used to inquire about my gotra , because they were thinking that I was a Brahmin .
It is not up to the buyer to inquire .
The second child said to have been left , I never heard of , although I inquired diligently after it .
In 1332 Richard visited Cambridge , as one of the King 's commissioners , to inquire into the state of the King 's Scholars there , and perhaps then became a member of the Gild of St. Mary -- one of the two gilds which founded Corpus Christi College .
I inquired last month and there was a couple of covered moorages available .
He went to the Dwarakamayi to inquire of Baba but Baba merely reiterated his earlier instructions .
Maybe it 's not the case , but why is it nonsense to inquire ?
Was inquired about that NOx device the last time I had to deal with smog check on my '70 Ford Ranchero .
Hence the name Pariprashnena -LRB- to inquire submissively -RRB- .
Contact the local police and inquire about their past involvement with this type of situation and see if they will protect you against the destruction of your property outside of the easement , especially if you know when it is going to happen .
A Christian man with Baghdad license plates on his car who asked not to be identified said he had just arrived in Ain Kawa to inquire about moving there .
but I do n't know where else to inquire about discontinued flatware .
When he inquired about that , he learned that they were crying because of their house .
The Asian Human Rights Commission has written to head office of the CCS Elsuma group in Switzerland asking them to inquire into and intervene in this matter .
The stranger expressed an interest in the story and inquired as to where they were going .
Therefore , I am reluctant to go to that good man to inquire about his illness. & quot ;
Hopefully I will be able to get information from my retina specialist as much as I can , but when I inquired in the past about cataract surgery he referred me to the cat-doc , so this is where I am stuck .
This is because you 'll discover that the more you inquire about this opportunity , the more you will be compelled to join it .
Phenomenology , from this point of view , inquires into the structures formed by essences .
He inquired about the income of Naseem Sahib and felt that perhaps he found it difficult to make ends meet .
right now , but I 'll first have to inquire with a lawyer if there would be a chance for me to get something out of this farce .
-LRB- currently Ctph , last I looked -RRB- Garnet Glory ' HCCAOS ' got dropped out of WildCatt for a couple of years because , while RHS decided that it was a Ctph , AOS continued to list the award as having been given to an Smbcna -LRB- or at least that 's why Helga told me it was left out , when I inquired -RRB- .
And she went to inquire of the LORD .
The Consolation of the Invalid Then , the Buddha said to the crown prince , Manjusri , & quot ; Manjusri , go to the Licchavi Vimalakirti to inquire about his illness. & quot ;
The SLMM furnished details of the recent abductions reported from the East and the SCOPP agreed to inquire into the allegations .
a Prensa Latina reporter inquired .
Christianity in particular , since you inquired about it , is basically a con game , created by the Roman Emperor Constantine and what is now known as the Catholic Church .
John , that version is so old , that I do n't recall how to configure it , but you can inquire at this newsgroup : alt.usenet.offline-reader.forte-agent
The Lord knew this thought in the mind of Vimalakirti and said to the venerable Shariputra , & quot ; Shariputra , go to inquire after the illness of the Licchavi Vimalakirti. & quot ;
Anu the high god observed this , and sent his messenger , Ilabrat , to inquire the reason for it .
Also CPF0864 should not transpire , so best not to monitor , such that CPA0701 would occur to inquire of the abnormal condition if it were to occur .
22:18 -19 & quot ; David inquired of the Lord , saying , Shall I go and smite these Philistines ?
A few days later on the 5th June , 2007 the president of the Savaka Sabava went to inquire about the matter of their proposals and met the director in the presence of his wife .
Dan Patnode had asked this question a couple of months ago , and yesterday I was in a Royal Doulton outlet , so I inquired .
He inquired of the nature of the arrest .
They heard me on JQ99fm and inquired about having me come out to speak .
However , if you paid $ 1.32 a minute because you negected to inquire about the rates , then it is YOUR fault .
Officer 1 : That 's why I was coming to inquire about that , but you just told me you were going to sit here .
Please call us to inquire about V8 , V12 , supercharged , and Land Rover engines at our everyday low pricing .
He goes over to the guy and as gently as he can inquires if something happened to one of the guy 's brothers .
When I inquired if he was going to give me another ticket for the way up .
He went back and inquired as to why the Sadhu had his foot on the stone .
That 's what I was told when I inquired .
Much to the discomfiture of major political parties in the State , the Joseph Commission , which was set up to inquire into the circumstances that led to the second Marad killings in May 2003 , has in a way , turned the spotlight on the facts and circumstances of the 2002 killings .
This does n't surprise me because only a few years ago I inquired as to the cost and was floored at what he was asking .
When , however , the ICA refused to do so , he inquired of me , who was then the director of the Palestine Bureau of the Zionist Organization , whether the Zionists would be prepared to purchase this land .
And he inquired for the Gudeman of Ballingeich ; And when he gained admittance his heart was freed from grief .
The first step is to inquire of a supplier what steps you need to take to buy the reagent .
it inquired of the boy 's parents , signing off as Shawn Devlin of Kirkwood , Missouri .
If you want to really learn about RCOG , you could inquire at a newsgroup at http : health.groups.yahoo.comgroupRCOGgroupmessages1695 ? viscount ...
Water hydrates skin and hair as well as flushes toxins out of the body .
To do this it must hydrate the object .
She boldly says she is not in school because the teachers gave them a day off to do marking and hoists 10 litres of water onto her head , holding a second 5-litre jerry can in her hand , before setting off on the 3km walk home .
People hungered for a change in the Congress and made it happen -- now that strong desire to take out the trash moves to the executive branch of government .
He never hustles and wo n't do all he can to try to help us win. & quot ;
In any case , just run along and hush up .
If at first you do n't succeed , you 're not cut out for skydiving T-Bone , I expect that Budd will hush now .
Also , there is n't enough water in the pre-ferment to adequately hydrate the dough .
Now it only hums .
To achieve the full effect of a tazer , one must be shot with the probes , this completely immobilizes the subject .
Leaving his rifle with the other Bandits , Spickler again moved into position near Carley , he dashed towards him , dropping to a low crawl when the NVA fired on him and then rolling near Carley , he was able to hoist Carley on his back and quickly dragged him towards the side of the trail .
And this guy hummed Waltzing Matilda , As he made his way onto the quay .
She quit the Cellcept after that , as the premise behind it is that it pretty much immobilizes your immune system , and they told her that it might have had something to do with her body not being able to fight off the infection as well as if she had n't been taking it .
I do n't mind the levels of the game , but I hungered for a bit more math in the game , just to up the levels of strategy .
Do you hunger for more of God or all that He has for you , or are you satisfied with your & quot ; churchianity & quot ; ?
or a construction worker who hoists heavy equipment .
at least he was trying to get there and hustle and be part of that play. & quot ;
They hustled me down the stairs and into the office of the Political Commissar .
We will travel as far as we can , but we can not in one lifetime see all that we would like to see or to learn all that we hunger to know .
This has inspired me to begin discussing a thought I have for Dr Koehler 's challenge in order to try to hoist the USF College of Business head and shoulders above the competition .
There was always a family ' fixer ' , someone to get them out of trouble , or to hush up any unpleasantness .
Instead of acting to ensure a complete investigation of the Prime Minister , Dichter 's words are a hidden message to the police investigators that they need not hustle greatly in their investigation of Olmert. & quot ;
It took a lot of work to set up , but now it hums along with very little input from me .
This one is designed to detoxify and hydrate the city dweller 's skin , and given Calgary 's dry winds , it 's a good one .
All you can do is try immobilize people that do , troll .
If you see a substantial change , it is due to water loss , and you should hydrate more during exercise .
Moreover , there 's no reason to believe that water hydrates better than other liquids .
Jerry Brown , our Knight riding out of the west , will be the one to hoist these hijackers of our nation on their own petard .
I switch to a prewound bobbin , and it starts to hum along .
But I believe it can be used to immobilize an enemy too .
DD15 tried to hush things up quickly , but I could see she was really distraught with tears welling up in her eyes .
I first thought Peter had a good point about how quickly the actors would have to hustle back and forth and did n't think it through .
The hungering , thirsting soul will continue to hunger and thirst as long as it partakes of these unsatisfying pleasures .
& quot ; We have been able to hoist the first 75 people out using a much smaller lift , & quot ; Amelia Soares told Sapa at 1.30am .
We hunger for the cessation of againstness .
This guy will hustle you along with his charlatan friend Wieck , who changed the subject of your post to try again and again to slander a person whom he is very jealous of .
It was the sort of story that the mainstream media might well have been ordered to hush up , but the firestorm of blogger reports forced them to respond .
We are in control of our own fates , and while the & quot ; final solution & quot ; is always waiting to take us , we can also hush up and pay attention rather than die .
And , when his problems became obvious , the Army hustled to get him out of uniform , and back on the street .
They made so much noise that a security guard had to come out and hush them .
We had only had the Sixaxis controller in our hands for a few minutes when we ran across the behemoth and hoisted it onto our shoulder , but as we ducked down a dark alleyway and lightning crackled overhead , we could n't wait to use the thing .
like when you touch the end of the phono plug and it hums -RRB- .
All you can do is try to immobilize people that do , troll .
Then there is a more poingnant echo of that as Downy hushes a dying woman so that his position , under the bed , is not revealed .
She had stayed overnight so they could hydrate her .
Phillipians 4:10 -13 & quot ; Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness , for they will be filled .
I know there 's no way I could hoist 80lbs of limp dog , no way , no how .
They all have to hustle if they want to get home the same day .
Otherwise , if you 've got to hit the road in the morning , pack a snack , hydrate some more , and get on with the production of the day until you truly feel hungry .
The brokenhearted father of a Marine killed in Iraq won a long-shot legal fight today after a federal jury in Baltimore awarded him nearly $ 11 million in a verdict against members of a Kansas church who hoisted anti-gay placards at his son 's Westminster funeral .
On the other side of the game , he was a poor Second Baseman when he came up but he hustled and might have developed into a good one but they moved him to easier defensive positions .
Hydrate with water .
I do n't know if EKN was the first piece of classical music I ever heard , but it was undoubtedly the first I was able to hum .
Then it hums .
The guards hustled Talib out of the courtroom before the gladiators could get close enough to exchange blows .
But yeah , I think it 's a bit sadistic to stop pain meds in order to immobilize the animal .
It was one I , myself , had never heard of and I need to check the wrapper , assuming it is still there , or hustle back to WF to check .
This is the best way to hydrate and moisturize your skin from within .
She 's 72 years old and hums a lot .
Perhaps my duty , under the law , was to hoist the magazine with rubber gloves , put it in a polythene bag , and deliver it to the nearest police station .
If the CT incident were the only other one at Oshkosh this year , I do n't know why the EAA would try to hush it up .
The idea of getting some O2 has been hovering around my awareness for quite a few months , so I thank you guys for giving me a push to hustle for it .
I asked him how much he was making and he said if he hustled , he could make about $ 200.00hr .
I find that if I hydrate before going to sleep , the sleep quality is much better than if I had n't .
Later , Ron wishes that Crookshanks was with them , so he could help them immobilize the whomping willow .
On 15 August , 1947 the Chakma youths under the leadership of Sneha Kumar Chakma hoisted tricolor Indian fag at Rangamati , capital of the CHT and in the southern CHT at Bandarban the Marmas who have cultural similarity with Burma hoisted Burmese fag .
Since he was n't a gentleman and he could hustle for money like Henslowe , he eventually got enough to buy shares in prostitution .
This will help hydrate the intestinal contents and get them moving through the intestines .
We did that in short order , and prepared to hoist sails .
After surgery , he said NOT to unbandage it , had it immobilized , and wants to see me Monday a.m. to unbandage it and check it out .
Water hydrates the body and flushes out the toxins that we collect on a daily basis .
After a big enquiry , hushed up as much as possible , the Bank of England was nationalised in 1946 .
Who was the first guy in supply to have uttered that or more coloful descriptives as they hoisted them onto 6x6 trucks some place in the pacific .
The only problem is it hums like crazy and I ca n't record with it .
In our country 's darkest hours , Bella shouldered the hopes of a nation .
She was referring , of course , to the enormous responsibility our Commander in Chief must shoulder when he sends U.S. troops into harm 's way in Iraq .
The bitter winter was almost over when one shepherd confessed to the other that he could hardly wait until it was time to shear their flock .
Take another down conversion 12inch to 38 inch , and after a few expletives and smashed knucles , it again sheared off .
And so there are a variety of means that Iraq has to be able to shoulder much of the burden for their own reconstruction. & quot ;
In this way , one parent does not have to shoulder most of the responsibilities , while the other becomes the fun parent .
I 've seen the crankshaft key sheared on these things so it may be worth checking also .
That 's another thing that I really hate about the Iraq war , that it has pissed away the willingness of Americans to shoulder such a burden when asked , who will be able to blame people for declining to join the National Guard in future considering the pointless waste of their talents and lives in Iraq ?
Still , Joel 's name is on it , so he is going to have to shoulder the responsibility for it .
While the rule making authority , the IGC , must shoulder some of the responsibility the accident was due to the total lack of airmanship by the pilot .
I can understand why GM would not want to shoulder the ongoing maintenance of a car they had no intention of selling in the long term .
But , as the & quot ; Parens Patriae , & quot ; with ultimate control , The Government must shoulder blame for failure in this role .
And , therefore , we do recognize the volume of this possibility that we are bearing and the gravity of the burden that we must shoulder .
----------------------------------------------------------------------- 10 Feb 1605 & quot ; Merchant of Venice & quot ; performed for James I 10 Feb 1616 Judith Shakspere marries T.Quiney ------------------------------------------------------------------ February 10 , 60 , St. Paul shipwrecked on Malta .
There is far too much at risk for you to shoulder it all .
However , it 's just possible that it is a conventional axle , and that a bolt has sheared off in it !
Senior military officers in Washington believe that by next year , the Iraqi military will be able to shoulder more of the burden now carried by U.S. forces , according to defense officials .
Ok one more time , if the key shears off , it will throw the timing out and yes the camshaft will still turn .
I hope that my colleagues felt that same sense of responsibility when they voted for this war and the fact is that these young men and women who are serving today , although they will be ' over-stressed ' if we proceed with this plan , will more than willingly shoulder their weapons and fight and do the best that they can for the United States of America .
Today the Army and Marine Corps , less than three quarters of a million , shoulder the burden for this war at a cost of less than 1 percent of GDP .
With the 3 basic tools ; scrapers , gouges , and skews , you can shear cut and scrape cut , it depends on how you present the tool to the work .
The administration , Congress and the entire inter-agency , especially the State Department , must shoulder responsibility for the catastrophic failure , and the American people must hold them accountable , he said .
& quot ; We are not sure if the government could shoulder the cost .
At the tented ecolodge of Fustat Wadi El Gemal -- in the Protectorate of Wadi Al-Jemal near Marsa Alam , not far from Egypt 's Sudanese frontier -- a community of Bisharyyin was contracted by the management to shoulder the responsibility of the camels bred , trained and kept on camp .
Beethoven 's thunderbolts sheathed in velvet , so as not to disturb us too much .
He says he is willing to shoulder the responsibility and face the challenges , and promises to strive to be down to earth and honest .
The bottom line is that the loss has already occurred and somebody has to shoulder the loss .
If our charger is up to the task , it should shoulder all the load and have some left over .
Why do we have to shoulder this burden ?
In fact , the Minister shoulders the blame all on her own .
& quot ; The administration , Congress and the entire inter-agency , especially the State Department , must shoulder responsibility for the catastrophic failure , and the American people must hold them accountable , & quot ; he said .
I think it will be Danielle flashback episode , it will start out on a ship , the captian says , & quot ; we just received a distress call , lets set a new course & quot ; , we are supposed to think its Naomi 's rescue ship but then it shipwrecks and we see the pregnant Danielle stumbling out of the wreckage .
In their view , the Federal Reserve , which was created in 1913 , shoulders much of the blame. & quot ;
Be warned , it does n't just unscrew like the others , you have to disconnect the pipe first -LRB- if you do n't , you 'll probably twist the pipe and shear it ! -RRB- .
shouldered the responsibility of Marjaeyyat and recommenced solving the problems of the people .
a -RRB- He did n't have to shoulder responsibility since there were so many other important characters in the film .
& quot ; The city of Vienna called on the State several times to shoulder its reponsibilities , but in vain , & quot ; she told AFP .
& quot ; The administration , Congress and the entire inter-agency , especially the State Department , must shoulder responsibility for the catastrophic failure , and the American people must hold them accountable , & quot ; General Sanchez said .
Do n't worry about it , the first time you brake , it will shear the rust off .
& lt ; snip Still , Joel 's name is on it , so he is going to have to shoulder the responsibility for it .
If companies did n't have to shoulder the cost of their employees ' medical care , it would make the American work force much more cost-competitive with workers in many foreign companies .
McLaren 's chief executive , Martin Whitmarsh , admitted the team had to shoulder much of the blame for not calling Hamilton in earlier .
At these words , the samurai , perceiving the discipline of the master , sheathed his sword and bowed .
in other words , in a sense , this would seem to be a test not only of ideas , yet also of ideologies , including those who may believe that ' religion ' exists in the symbol of the cross , yet outside of the actual believers in this cross , who also shoulder its responsibility .
I 'm saying , shoulder some of the responsibility for fixing the problems that have come about as a result of things that happened in the past , even things that you had no control over or were n't even born .
But a former LF fighter , who spoke to Al Jazeera on the condition of anonymity , insisted that the Israeli military , and not the Lebanese , should shoulder full responsibility for the killings .
However , the committee said such an agency would not be able to shoulder the accompanying responsibilities based on current levels of funding .
I plan to shear the sheep and then send them to market and try to have two markets this way .
Those who are unable to shoulder their own bags and baggages , their responsibilities are to be shouldered by you .
That works fine as long as the market is big enough to provide some marginal income for the drug companies and someone else is willing to shoulder the costs for developing new drugs .
who has time to fuddle through all of those to find any negative feedbacks ?
That law just frosts little scaly reptiles like you , does n't it ?
It really frosts your buns when people do that .
Bush and his crew counted on that , using TV news messaging to furrow the field in preparation for seeding time , and their trust in the trust of Americans was shown to be well-placed .
And in this state she gallops night by night Through lovers ' brains , and then they dream of love ; In Tolkien 's The Hobbit : & quot ; The Bagginses have lived in the neighborhood of The Hill for time out of mind. , and people considered them very respectable , not only because most of them were rich , but also because they never had any adventures or did anything unexpected ... & quot ;
But sometimes I need both hands free , and it just frosts me that Nuance did n't bother to put suction cups on it .
He hates to be picked up and gallops off at a rate of many mph .
Insanity does n't run in my family ; it gallops .
favourite vantage point was right at the top of the staircase where he could see into both bedrooms , the living room , the door into the kitchen and the front door , so when visitors arrived he could gallop high speed downstairs and see who they were and what they had that he could eat .
He purses his lips , furrows his brow , juts his chin , gives his teeth-baring grin , but there is n't much evidence of thoughtfulness , which is what people are keen to hear these days , not just that a man can hit his marks .
He galloped all the way home , then returned with his sons , and they found a series of trapezoidal , almost rectangular footprints .
I look at my watch , and say to the one , & quot ; You are weary , & quot ; and to the other , & quot ; Time gallops with you & quot ; ; for it is only an hour and a half ago , and I laugh at those who tell me that time goes slowly with me and that I judge by imagination .
But I ca n't for the life of me suss out how to frost this up .
What really frosts zeez 's titties is that those Republicans zeez hates so much have earned their raise .
More than anything I meant to say that when another person disagrees with your views on religion , it 's best not to froth at the mouth because in the end you really do n't know so much as you might like to pretend about the matter -LRB- that is a general you , not you specifically -RRB- Personally , i believe that the matter and energy in the universe had to come from SOMEWHERE .
The first time was nearly 20 years ago , and all I can remember is that it frosted before the tiny gourds got big enough .
By no meanes sir ; Time trauels in DIUERS paces , with DIUERS persons : Ile tel you who Time ambles with - all , who Time trots withal , who Time gallops withal , and who he stands stil withall .
In a panic , the man runs to his horse and gallops away desperately , taking the road to the city of Samara .
Sir Fnordikins rides up on his majestic charger , swoops Troia up the saddle behind him , and they gallop away .
What frosts me is the sales tax .
But now , thanks to so-called improvements in technology , and despite the fact that the increased bandwidth delivered by ADSL would let you froth and jabber for MEGABYTES , you do n't even bother to try .
Simon gave him a sceptical survey , brows raised , though he gentled his voice as he said , & quot ; I had imagined you 'd prefer a solution sooner rather than later. & quot ;
These projects will take time to fructify .
Plus , I 've got to say , it really frosts me to see millions of illegals exercising their freedom of assembly in this country and waving the Mexican flag .
Her Chariot is an emptie Haselnut , made by the Ioyner Squirrel or old Grub , time out a mind , the Faries Coach-makers : & amp ; in this state she gallops night by night , through Louers braines : and then they dreame of Loue .
No snow here in FL , but it does frost around Jan.Feb .
What really frosts me is when I give a genuine , interesting answer to one of her questions .
This may or may not fructify .
You get to frost more Cakecupcakes with the same amount .
The officer 's eyes had returned to Badger , who slunk down further into the bench , and his forehead furrowed .
If you do it just right , you can get the whole car to gallop in place and leave the surface !
They are very beautiful , and they will gallop across the sky .
So , I 've got to say , it really frosts me knowing that many of my contemporaries are paying less for house cleaners because they 're paying the help under the table ... .
But Tom he shinned up and went for the works and begun to slant her down , and back toward the lake , where the animals was gathering like a camp-meeting , and I judged he had lost HIS head , too ; for he knowed I was too scared to climb , and did he want to dump me among the tigers and things ?
I just think that too often we can slack off a bit at work and think it 's no big deal .
If you slack off in marriage like when you 're in your 40s , it 's hard to pick it up when you are older , & quot ; he said .
Sledge it to manageble chunks .
All this time I thought she was a neocon supporter who did her best to slant the news to help grease the path of the invasion of Iraq , and now it appears she was just channelling Emily Litella .
Its editor in chief has said that he deliberately slants news coverage against Likud and Kadima as well as the O and ultr-O communities .
However , it would still slake the thirst of someone who drank it , would still freeze at approximatley 0C and boil at approximately 100C , and otherwise has n't changed in any way .
Their influence on advertising with some major department stores , hotel chains , and major corporations , has been able to slant the media toward Blacks .
I believe if we slack off at work we 'll be more likely to slack off in other areas of our life , including our relationship with God .
There are so many ways to slant a story when there are no links to follow back to the original source .
Even Israel , one of the biggest nuclear powers on earth and the biggest in the Middle East , slants their public relations statements to the effect of & quot ; The Arabs are poised to push the Jews into the sea. & quot ;
This is the principle that the Illuminati has used for years to slant the news , so that the public will accept their views .
Either he is ignorant of what it takes to write a balanced piece -- something I find hard to believe -- or he slants his writing , which is unethical -LRB- even though I have a hard time keeping a straight face using the concepts & quot ; ethics & quot ; and & quot ; journalism & quot ; together -RRB- .
The false claims in the article seem to be a third strike , so even if Super Duper is indeed the very best cloning tool , I recoil from the blog article that slants the truth so heavily in favor of Super Duper .
Fortunately , I have a great stride , and was able to make it off and back on again after I slacked the lines so as to relieve the pressure not only on our but the town 's cleats .
I do not argue that poor candidates should receive a subsidy , but I do not think that we should claim one person one vote and then slant the information received by the public hugely in favour of the rich , or ' friends ' of the rich .
So though I normally would have cut the old card up as soon as it was canceled , I slacked off for a minute and failed to do it .
Right now , the only & quot ; justice & quot ; is that which slants the field considerably in favor of the heavyweights who want already legal owners of their material to be forced to pay again and again and again and again and again .
It still holds the screen up fine , but it slants to the right .
I used to use TI Bebop 11s on my Borys archtop and I did n't have any problem setting up the intonation , but since I switched to TI Swing flatwound 10s , to get around on the fretboard better , I have to slant my bridge like crazy , and it still is n't that great intonation-wise .
the bottom of the neck is deeper , it slants toward the body. .
Slant it any way you want to , it is still a philosophy that he has .
From covering up Saddam 's crimes , to refusing to report the reams of good news from Iraq and Afghanistan , to forging documents to try and sway an election , to misquoting the administration time and time again , the media have gone out of their way to slant the public perception of current events .
Kastan actually slants the evidence to suit his fancy .
And of course NVIC , a strongly anti-vaccination group , would never slant their reporting .
For instance , which stories are covered and even where each story is placed within the confines of a newspaper is the most common way in which the Media slants the news .
Vitamin E is also in a lot of breakfast cereals because they fortify it .
He said he would forgo the farmer 's debt if he could marry his daughter .
She decided to forgo her trip to Hong Kong , where she was supposed to visit an eye doctor for glaucoma , and returned home on Sept. 5 to get local treatment , Sison said .
After which , he either forgoes the changes , or accepts the new price . -RRB-
They have been homeless but are now living in an apartment , and doing very well with the help of an older friend who has also decided to forgo living on the street .
There are a number of tiny islands in the gulf they have had years to fortify .
In general , the oxidized , monoglutamate form of folate , the form found in supplements and the form used to fortify foods , has a much greater bioavailability than food folate which tends to be in a chemically reduced and in a polyglutamated form .
They do n't build houses , they dig them out and fortify them .
I bought a cheapo Promaster 1.7x converter just to tinker with uintil I could get a better TC , but performance with it is reasonable I do n't think I 'll forgo the 1.4x right now .
No need to forgo them .
Hence the blanket public health measures to fortify bread and beer with thiamine , and so on , and the advice to take a multivitamin & quot ; just in case & quot ; .
However , in 1495 the Knights of St. John , using its stones to fortify the castle of St. Peter in Bodrum , started a systematic demolishment of the building .
But you may , however , be able to fox the filters .
Dr. Nadera Shalhoub-Kevorkian , a professor of criminology at Hebrew University , says that thinking about protracted suffering at the airport causes her to forgo about half of the international conferences that she is invited to attend .
Fortify a door .
It 's cool here , so pretty soon , I 'll have to forgo my afternoon reading session on the patio .
The state said that it would forgo the death sentence .
; -RRB- You can fortify it .
I ca n't rightly speak for the rest of them , but I 'm sure they would forgo the handwritten book and the unicorn if you can deliver they other things .
It is , however , a fact of life for many people , including those with insurance , that they forgo medical care due to inability to afford co-pays and meds .
I think they 'd be more trouble than they 're worth for actual computer-building , so if that 's the best you can do you 'll probably have to forgo computers entirely .
If so , then maybe I 'll forgo the whole thing .
The Palestinians would be prepared to forgo the right of return for millions of refugees in return for a full Israeli withdrawal to the pre-1967 borders , including east Jerusalem and the Old City , Palestinian academic Sari Nusseibeh told The Jerusalem Post Sunday .
Rice praised Lee 's inaugural-speech pledge to fortify the US-South Korea alliance , and said the relationship between the two countries will remain strong .
The government has also failed to meet its responsibility to fortify public buildings in those areas .
But , I do n't think we 're likely to achieve that in the next two to three years , so it 's incumbent upon us to fortify the support .
My employer now offers the Roth 401k , but in order to fund it over $ 500 i 'd have to forgo some of my normally maxed 401k contributions .
I 'd be willing to forgo the hyphen in & quot ; High School & quot ; -LRB- although , I think that it 's actually correct -LRB- or was correct in the 20th century -RRB- since it 's being used adjectivally .
For me , however , the point is that in this case he is able to fortify against the cruel knife .
They can also be used to fortify a compost pile .
9 fortify build defences .
To prove their loyalty to Allah , they must be able to forgo all these & quot ; worldly attachments & quot ; and get ready to sacrifice their lives in the cause of Islam .
If you can guaranteee that you or your insurer will pay for all the medical costs incurred as a result of your not belting up or that you 'll voluntarily forgo the care and die quietly if you ca n't pay for it , then I guess I could get behind that mentality all the way .
Mr. Kershaw said he had to forgo around $ 2 million worth of work last year because he did n't have enough plumbers .
I do n't think you will do better at the price unless you 're willing to forgo stuff like balanced inputs .
It is something he is not able to fortify himself against .
got me foxed .
However , instead of skiing and mushing I 've been working through gardening plans for the year , and I think I 'm going to forgo putting in more trees this year in favor of getting in some grapes as well as a vegetable garden and maybe some strawberries .
We had to forgo our food and go back .
Once back in Israel , however , the Israeli prime minister continues to confiscate , settle , and fortify the occupied territories .
Why not admit we can not know what we think we should know , and just leave it at that , and forgo all the self deprecation , oh Malificent one ... : -RRB- ?
He 's promised to forgo his stock options if he gets elected , so that he does n't have a conflict of interest .
At the same time , COA will fortify law enforcement carried out by animal inspectors of local governments .
But if you are willing to forgo immediate success or income and are willing to do whatever it takes to pursue your goal , you have lit the fires of your burning heart .
The forthcoming budget is expected to give some clues , although it is unlikely that the government will be able to forgo substantial tax revenues , given its high level of expenditure .
Of course , if one of the grapplers is an ally , they could conceivable just let you push them , and forgo their check .
It can afford to forgo a peace treaty and normalized relations with the superpower .
Next , it 's important to fortify your own immune system .
I admit that if they were going to do it right , in a real world way , then they 'd want to make it look like they were estranged to fortify th subterfuge .
It 's simply enough to come to terms with feg and geg for cigarette and joke , but some of the pronunciation foxed me for months , and even then I could n't get a foothold on some accents .
ANYONE who forgoes the option of going on the DL , who is wiling to step it up and hop in at the & quot ; CENTER & quot ; position of all places ... take
Nehemiah , the cupbearer to Artaxerxes , was sent to Jerusalem in 444 BC to complete the work on the walls of the city to fortify it .
SaidOlmert : & quot ; This is a government decision and we will not fortify ourselves senseless. & quot ;
Elderberry extract may be used to treat a cold or flu , or taken as a prophylactic which fortifies the immune system .
The White House may decide to forgo an appeal rather than run the risk of a highly visible defeat on the executive privilege issue in the Supreme Court .
That may be too much to ask for -- but if it is , then what chance is there we 'll be able to take on the even more difficult task of persuading the Chinese , the Indians , and all who are lined up behind them to forgo a coal-powered future in favor of something more manageable ? ...
Also , the Cabrios in '03 - '05 were all the older body style still and did not update until MY '06 , so if it were me I would either wait for the new style or forgo the ragtop .
The Iranians know all this , of course , and it fortifies their intransigence .
He said he would forgo the farmer 's debt if he could marry his Daughter .
We have a fire season , too , but we have a pretty good safety zone around our home complex , so our plan is to fortify our home so we will not have to evacuate .
They belong to the first generation of Greeks who have had to forgo the traditional afternoon siesta .
Their leaders say they would rather forgo a place in the E.U .
State-owned companies in China , analysts say , have the ability to forgo short-term profits in pursuit of the government 's long-term strategic interests .
Of course she should n't have to forgo an income , but that does n't mean she ca n't forgo fees for a certain number of students .
Your group may need to forgo some sleepmeals to resolve the issues , or not .
That fortifies the suspicion that no conspicious change has occurred .
CAMPUS ENVIRONMENT : The sun shines through a three - story window in the library atrium on an October afternoon , imprinting the outline of each pane of glass on the atrium floor .
The sun shines through the Teflon and reflects off the aluminum , and that keeps the balloon from overheating , said Jeff Hall , JPL 's lead balloon engineer .
Each new release gives us all an opportunity to shine , irrespective of which bricks in the project we are laying , and this is at the heart of our belief - working together to produce an Operating System that will empower its users and shape the IT industry , putting free software at the corner - stone of our direction .
The way the write protect sensor works on newer drives is that an LED on one side shines on a phototransistor -LRB- the sensor -RRB- on the other side .
Can anyone shed some light on this please ?
I hope you get your grant ... it will help to shed some " clear " light on the subject .
If we shed enough light , if we make enough noise , if we love our country and our planet , we will finally be able to overthrow the pirates who have hijacked our ship of state , and bring them to justice .
A statement by Nancy Rigdon sheds light on the character of Sampson Avard : I have heard Sampson Avard say that he would swear to a lie to accomplish an object ; that he had told many a lie , and would do so again .
The sun shines for three quarters of the year and the water in the lake is so pure that it is 99.7 percent clear !
One study recently reported by the UK Tea Council shines light on green tea 's ability to prevent lung cancer .
-LRB- Romans 10:9 -RRB- Over 2000 years ago God came from Heaven to earth in the person of Jesus Christ to shed His blood and die on a cross to pay our sin debt in full .
The latest rekindling of the peace process was nothing more than a few photo - ops for Secretary of State Condeleeza Rice and an official reaffirmation that the Palestinians wo n't shed their terrorist ways .
and when this happens in Australia , I wll NOT shed a tear !
The book also shines when Kennedy and his vice president are discussed .
Tonight , it was Santonio 's time to shine .
Only shed what has your address on .
wrote : Collaboration shines possible light on objects ' weirder than black holes ' Thanks , Robert .
It was the same color as her own , and it shone in the sunlight .
An analysis which Locke believed had the potential to shed new light on social and religious thought .
It 's just like how the word light , " at the rawest level , " is a phallic symbol because candles shed light !
" One of the most important coins in the hoard , dating from AD 830 to 840 , sheds light on a place far away : Its markings show its provenance is the kingdom of the Khazars , a realm in southern Russia between the Black and Caspian seas .
Somewhere where the sun will never shine on them again .
I often use the Enneagram -LRB- similar to Myers - Briggs Type Indicator - MBTI -RRB- along with AA 's 12 - step program -LRB- and other tools ! -RRB- to shed light on unhealthy patterns that prevent us from living life to the full .
It seeks to shed light on the uncanny affinities between the Counter-Enlightenment and postmodernism .
But the turning point has now arrived , and the dawn once more sheds its light on a confused and ignorant planet .
Now my two bottles of plastic cleaner and polish that I use to shine up the transcribers that I use almost every day are sitting behind two smoke detectors and a purple rubber glove .
Fed by this offering , the fire in the Dhuni began to burn brighter and Baba shone still brighter .
But if Iraq has pummeled Mr. Blair 's reputation , it has also shone a very harsh light on the British and European left .
France 's support for the genocidal Rwandan regime -- both before and during the slaughter -- has been well documented , but the new report sheds some light on the extent of that backing .
All , After banging my head against the dash , buying a new battery and alternator i am about to tow my Xtreme to the nearest scrap heap -LRB- should get quite an bit of money thanks to the stainless steel -RRB- that is however , dependant on whether or not anyone can shed any light on my electrical gremlins .
What Do Volunteers Say ? : " During my volunteering experience , I realized that Unite for Sight 's service is a campaign for the salvation of humanity that allows the light of compassion to shine through each of us .
And they do n't shine when the sun comes out .
Jonathan Brown and Rebecca Bowle shed some light on the celestial phenomenon Published : 07 June 2007 The full moon is a lunar phase occurring when the moon is on the opposite side of the earth from the sun and all three bodies are aligned in a straight line .
To say it sheds an unflattering light on Moore - whose work includes the hit " Fahrenheit 911 " and the Oscar - winning " Bowling for Columbine " - would be an understatement .
Description : Present your sweetie with a petite bouquet of posies that will glitter and shine for a lifetime This artful treasure is a lasting memento of the truest feelings from deep within your heart .
I need always to recognize God 's mercy and blessings that shine through any problem I have to face .
But God has not arranged for that word to speak independently , or to shine forth life giving truths by itself .
After all 's spiffy , seal the floor good , then later spills can be covered in Floor Dry , then swept up a few minutes later .
Furthermore , I understand that Eli Lilly produced certain documents in the course of these litigations that shed light on issues of interest to the Committee .
It sheds light on the unnecessary pains of unjust and aggressive warfare .
It 's true that the lakes at this elevation are mostly snow run - off from the mountains , but there are a few gems that provide a cool in the chilly sense of the word opportunity to shed the heat of a hot summer day .
You asked , " I 'm wondering if people out there can shed some light on whether or not Searle considers consciousness to be a non-scientific process ? "
They can take KDE and grease it up and shove it where the sun do n't shine .
If anyone can shed any light on this issue , please let me know .
Sunlight shines through windows offering the only light .
I think I did n't give anyone the whole picture of my app , and maybe if I did it might shed some light on what it is I am trying to achieve .
When we walk , stand , sit , or give a Dharma talk , the light of mindfulness shines very far .
Even in this most basic portion of your myth , your ignorance shines through .
If anyone can shed light on this matter I 'd be grateful .
I imagine yu could seal it better and I personally do n't open them anyway .
Until then , make our hope in Your Son 's return burn brightly in our hearts until the sky shines brightly with His glory .
This is where Orndorff 's toughness and character truly shined through .
I ca n't wait to shed these " responsibilities " and be able to turn my focus back to this ...
He knows I have and He was willing to wipe the slate clean - once and forever - when He shed His blood on that cross so long ago .
Can anyone shed any light on the following ?
New research published in the June issue of Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science , sheds some light on the veracity of these perceptions .
Mark sheds no tears for the hog who got away .
To find the south at any time of day by the sun , hold your watch flat , face upwards , so that the sun shines on it .
They can put their HOA restrictions where the sun do n't shine .
You must have your head where the sun does n't shine .
It shone by day in the heavens alone , brighter than Venus in the night , and by night it shone over delta in Cassiopeia , the recumbent constellation which is the signature of his initial among the stars .
Interviewer : In some Israeli newspapers and media , we have seen that they take an Israeli hen or rooster , and shed its blood , and they say that this is a form of Israeli sacrifice that brings blessing .
Results of medical examinations on both the victim and Luna are still outstanding , but authorities believe they might shed additional light on the case .
Obviously to diagnose a problem , it helps to be IN the vehicle , but anybody want to shed some light on the above ?
Tell Walt and Elmer all you do before breakfast is smooth your cot , and shine some things .
In sorrow after sorrow it is his steps that press upon my heart , and it is the golden touch of his feet that makes my joy to shine .
Once someone is good talking to people using routine -LRB- and that person does n't even need to be really good , just comfortable talking -RRB- , they should slowly use less and less routines until they do n't use any at all and their inner self and personality can just shine through .
She ca n't stand to think that she might not look like the god she is n't for a few months plus she 'd have to shed the pounds afterwards .
I hope he shines .
Tell him to put it where the sun do n't shine .
It is and i think Alonso shines when at the front , from where he can control the race as well as any previous hot shot .
Hello all , I have this problem with parsing XML which I hope someone can shed some light on .
While many of us ca n't be bothered to shed even crocodile tears for the demise of the Republicans , the collateral damage from Rove 's all - in bet has been devastating to everything else that we care about .
If you shine a light in the eye , does it change size ?
It certainly sheds more light on that issue than the excerpt from one paragraph of speculative report that started this thread .
The kid at Menards tried to sell me Thompson 's deck stuff , I was trying to tell him I needed it to shine .
Here 's a website , a good start among the hundreds available , that will shed some light on this widespread problem , one that Daimler - Chrysler still denies .
As he shed his tendency to micromanage , the Toronto rock singer , songwriter and guitarist found a new freedom in his music and in his life .
She was the star that shined the brightest in the sky .
I may give UC a call tomorrow unless someone else can shed some light on this .
Coming to the head of the bed he leaned forward , cupped her chin with his hand and passionately kissed her on the lips .
Just for a moment , his face darkens .
I once had a place of my own where no one could intrude , but now it 's gone ; only the mountains remain as a refuge .
Sooner or later , however , reality was bound to intrude .
He cupped his hands around his mouth .
I 've been trying to put my finger on just what jars me about how similar Crysis seems to Far Cry .
Sometimes they jar us back to reality like a bone-shaking tackle by a middle linebacker , but , still , they are a good thing .
It 's about personal choice , this is true and will always be true regardless of how much our silly government intrudes itself into our lives .
Now the environuts want to darken Hanukkah .
That it can jar you right down to your teeth sometimes , but it 's worth it , if at the end is home ... a
The Bill of Rights was a political document written to satisfy the states with anti-Federalist tendencies that the federal government would not intrude on the states' rights to decide what each states ' people could do .
Anyway , with the PDS slot differently positioned in the PCC machine , one could install a G3 upgrade and HPV video card and not intrude on the space for the three NuBus slots .
People who would n't darken the door of a church are willing to come to a home because they feel it 's a safe place .
Unfortunately , I dallied a bit too long on the hillside , and so I ended up heading home a little later than I thought I should in order to get back by sunset .
Armrests do n't intrude on your personal space .
The hypocrisy is rather easy to spot if you 've been around long enough to remember when it was leaders of the radical left , led by MIT linguist Noam Chomsky , who were trying to intrude on the tenure process for political reasons .
When it occurred in outr situation , the staff were very careful not to intrude , as there is a lot of grief involved and personally , I was grateful for that approach .
The clang of a cowbell jars Kaylee from sleep .
The reason why I ask is that while this metric restoration of the Rig Veda seems a remarkable piece of work , the qualities of some of the restored vowels jars one 's senses ; when I hear a trisyllabic rendition of Indra , it always has a closed schwa .
If you work from home set aside time and space for yourself , when and where family members should not intrude .
If we 're going to intrude on people , let 's at least err on the side of personal responsibility .
The harmonica player cups his hand around the harmonica , and uses an SM-57 .
sorry to intrude , I 'm Jalisa .
Her face darkens .
If you decide not to get the YAG surgery , I 'd think it would continue to darken until you would change your mind .
I 've used the same method in the crockpot , but they do n't darken as much .
He reached over , rolling on his side , and cupped her chin .
But , do n't try to look under the covers too closely , as the real world will intrude .
Did n't want to intrude while you were otherside occupied .
It darkens your day .
Surely there 's a moniker that will have the effect of screaming & quot ; FIRE ! ! & quot ; , to jar us out of our national inertness , our & quot ; Ach , it 's all just politics & quot ; mode ?
He reached out and cupped her chin , lifted it so that she had to meet his eyes .
But in our area , most dealers wo n't intrude on another dealer who explains as I did that they are in the midst of a deal .
This is because He does n't wish to intrude upon our free choice .
A mismatched hood could cause the edges of the hood to intrude onto the image at the widest angle , which is what vignetting is , afterall .
All , After banging my head against the dash , buying a new battery and alternator i am about to tow my Xtreme to the nearest scrap heap -LRB- should get quite an bit of money thanks to the stainless steel -RRB- that is however , dependant on whether or not anyone can shed any light on my electrical gremlins .
She looked up at him , voice calm again and the switch jarred him .
It 's easy to landscape large gardens - you have a lot of room to work with and if one element jars its not the end of the world .
Wornbroken UJ , prop-shaft fell out from the front , RR ran over it as the front dug into the road and lifted the vehicle , as it landed it jarred the components that much the electrics ' frizzed ' a little and after settling down the vehicle was only in 2wd and so felt smoother to drive as there was no out-of-balance - prop and UJ whizzing round , it having been ripped off when it dug in .
Fergus Cullen , the chairman of the New Hampshire Republican Party , said New Hampshire voters understand that politics will intrude on their holiday .
We are on a record for civility - but It get 's creepy to me and I feel it intrudes on everything I 've done to move on with my life and who I am as a single dad .
this morality which darkens the council. .
The King 's Cross chapter intrudes more into the realm of theology and any of the others , across all the seven books .
in addition , it will darken over time .
It intrudes upon your own personal integrity to your family and yourself .
I need an address for them in Tampa , I have Allans cell but do n't want to intrude .
Blackberries in recent years would only be starting to darken .
Only in BusinessFirst will I not intrude into your spece andor the aisle .
When he comes back to the bar for the second round , the bartender says , & quot ; I do n't want to intrude on your grief , but I wanted to offer my sincere condolences on your great loss .
These will help cover the cost of producing the two publications , but will not be permitted to seriously intrude on the space or the overall content .
He cups her cheek tenderly , and then she 's in his arms , and he has to be careful not to crush her to him .
As I watched , it seemed to gain substance and to darken perceptibly on the outside .
I am here at this time only to jar her memory and make this communication as clear as possible .
But they are not the primary goal of this war , which is to destroy the network of Islamic militants who declared war against the United States when they bombed the World Trade Center on February 26 , 1993 , and finally jarred us into an appropriate response when they demolished that complex , struck the Pentagon , and killed 3000 of us on September 11 , 2001 .
He cupped her face and forced her to see him .
Not only should they answer for their wrong-headedness on policy , but they should also be forced to explain whether they would as President allow Congress to intrude on the role of Commander in Chief so baldly and illegally .
-- Another solid majority -LRB- 65 % -RRB- said it was more important to investigate terrorism , even if it intrudes on privacy .
Often this gibberish even intrudes mid-sentence , so that the reading of a gene or its expression is to be done with some effort .
While Wallenberg or Reinfeldt might jar as first names , many people elsewhere have taken to the practice .
I dillied and dallied , begged for more time , and of course the deadline passed .
After he pees on the sheets , I darken the room and use the light to see how it works .
Of course , when reality does n't intrude to your corner of the world , I guess you can have outrageous beliefs like that .
When he comes back to the bar for the second round , the bartender says , & quot ; I do n't want to intrude on your grief , but I wanted to offer my condolences on your great loss. & quot ;
His face darkens .
It was a collection of promises that the Federal government would not intrude beyond the powers granted to it under the Constitution .
NONE of us will darken the door of the dealership .
When Cala was having a difficult time once , I actually took both hands and cupped them by my eyes so she could n't see my eyes unless she moved in front of
If I told you that by me smacking you up side the head with a 2x4 will cause change because it will jar the brain into action , and you believe me , then it will happen .
If a passenger is doing something that permanently intrudes into the seat beside them , that seat is not fully available and should not be sold .
So let 's say someone intruded on my property after I 've told them not to , and the reason was because I did n't liked what they were saying .
If you 're a pond raindrops will fall into you , if you 're a peak rocks will roll down you and be seen on top nevermore ...
Somewhere out there they caught a squall with the spinnaker up , knocked down the boat , apparently let fly and doused simultaneously , and ended up with a sheet wrapped around the prop , and the spinnaker wrapped under the keel , with no sail up to keep making way .
Jay : I fly a small single - engine aircraft yes , even at night .
I fly mostly with California Airways at Hayward nowadays , and I recommend them with the usual caveats about getting a good instructor , but that 's probably pushing it for you from San Francisco .
Last night , it took longer to reach the end of the queue here in Doha than to fly here from Bahrain .
" People think birds are going to tear off and fly anywhere they want , but that 's not the case for specialists like the pygmy owl , " says Aaron Flesch , a researcher at the University of Arizona who studies owls in northern Sonora .
Lithotripsy : Ocean where you fall over smashed up lumps of people 's kidney stones .
Einstein did n't think nukes could ever fly .
The vinegar and dressing on the slaw make the hamburger buns really fall apart , where the hot dog ones seem to hold it all and hang together .
The now - immobilized beasties fall over backwards into the waiting arms of Mike and Raph , who struggle to lower them semi-gently . Continued
and stooges fall for it every time .
Pilot error by pilots unqualified to fly a jetliner , and preferably not yet out of flight school .
We do n't let Shuttle fly through any rain , acid or alkali or neutral .
LP I definitely fall into this category .
You see that 's where the other 2 boys fall short of following the rule , they never put their shoes away , they leave them right in front of the doorway .
Oh , you want Gunner 's paint to fall off quicker !?
There must be examples of true antiques which fall from grace .
This might turn out to be one of those moments when the world turns and Governments fall ; I certainly hope so ! "
A partial list : Saddam can fly drones here in 15 min. .
But when you buy your next machine , you 'll get Vista and your older , non-eye candy games will absolutely fly They 're requiring machines that take more wattage than refrigerators !
He thinks most of the noise complaints originated from some low level practice by Bill Cornick and a few other pilots who used the low level waiver to fly jets .
Other things fall away naturally in the course of time .
Others do it for $ 15 or $ 20 , and many offer pay as you go , which is a bargain for those who use VoIP primarily for international calls which typically fall outside the unlimited USCanada plans .
If you would like to teach , fly tow planes or even become a business owner , talk to someone !
They fly their national flag while disgracing the American flag .
I fly a Boeing jet for a living and at times it is very hard to see another jet that ATC and TCAS alerted us to .
There are n't many of you left : Let those watery things fall from your eyes and allow yourself some time to grieve ...
And dead men fall like stones ! "
The only reason he dos n't fall off the perch is because he 's nailed to it .
He sure did fly in Champ Cars Was n't that the race where he promised he would run naked around the track if he won ???
Upshifting you have to catch the rpm as they fall past the match point , requiring better timing .
I 've had a fair bit of trouble sleeping this week -- I fall asleep okay but then wake up in the middle of the night and ca n't get back to sleep -- been awake today since around 3:00 a.m. , though much of that was lying in bed reading .
Bottom line is you are worth more than a glider , if in doubt , get out fly safe Bagger I 've twice faced the decision to jump or land a crippled glider .
ca n't remember how the stats fall though ... .
Sparks flow , parts fall off , guys start screaming when the rear axle flys away - but nobody will call for help because of high cell charges or something .
Decadent , easy - going Muslims do n't fly planes into skyscrapers .
OK - you fly up to Buffalo , and I 'll meet you at the Best Buy up here .
Why do stupid voters always fall for it ?
So , why not give Nancy Pelosi a SMALLER AIR FORCE JET that can fly coast coast WITHOUT REFUELING .
If they all prove cowards , my curses fly amongst them , and be speeding !
About your " toolbox ballast , " I flew my Lazy Bee at the beach with a cheap motor drive 35 mm camera on it , years ago when they were really heavy and it did really fly better although different with all of that " ballast . "
The force of the impact caused the yachtsman to fall overboard and though he remained secured by his safety harness , it took several minutes to recover him .
I knew the bike would fall over so anything covered in plastic was out .
3. Watch the looks on the faces of those around you when the nickel does not fall over ...
" I agree " posts fall into this category .
This development would mean that Chinese shares should fall impulsively through 4779 over the coming weeks .
I admit that I do n't necessarily see a compelling reason to fly at 6000 rather than 4000 or vice versa in most cases , or anywhere in between .
Features include a working AGC apollo guidance computer with DSKY console interface ; mission specific lunar terain and radio chatter ; 7 functional pannel switches ; working gyro ; etc. Use " replay " mode to fly Apollo 12 to the Ocean of Storms then hit " 0 " to start an EVA .
The engine wo n't fall out anyway regardless of how beat up your engine mounts are .
Ha Ha , he ascended up to heaven where we now fly commercial jets right ?
Fake marks abound especially Nippon and sticky labels fall off .
For you , those periods barely fall into the Antique category , for me , they are wonderful examples of a bygone era .
Instead of hiring cheap hookers for an hour in a motel , they fly in high - end prostitutes for the weekend to frolic in their underground grotto .
Giving patients water is probably a lot less harmful than many folk remedies that fly under the scientific radar , but homeopathy has two notable distinctions .
She could put the gun in checked baggage and fly home .
Still fly regularly , nothing better than 10 minutes of aerobatics in my Rans S before breakfast .
To honor Bailey 's death , all Army posts will fly their flags at full mast .
The hard shoulder is only opened using gantry signs when congestion builds to a point where traffic speeds fall below a certain level .
In fact , Burlington is a common turnpoint for us when we fly our 300 km FAI triangle around the RDU Class C airspace .
Feathers eventually fall out and are replaced .
" But where Israel is concerned , potential critics fall silent and there is hardly any debate at all . "
It is also true that , historically and by oral record , the only Pirate to fly the classic Skull and Bones was Edward England .
At the moment it seems to me that I have asked why kittens die under water and you have answered : because dogs fall out of trees .
Yet , I have n't seen too many ducks fly non-stop across the Gulf of Mexico or Humming birds swimming in a lake .
House sales fall almost 11.5 % in Spain .
Sounds like the kind of scam , Norle Steven Goodman would fall for .
Similarly , medieval historical figures fall pray to the ongoing " macedonization " process .
Many Americans fly the flag year - round .
In addition , the Hualapai operate airplane and helicopter tours that fly visitors into the canyon on low - level routes , which are forbidden at the national park .
It seemed to be working out okay for the guys I 've seen doing it , but I would think it would n't hurt to add a little " insurance " by mounting a couple of big eye bolts to the wall as well , and using a rachet strap to cinch the lathe against the work so it ca n't slide and let your long spindle fly out at you .
And you may even benefit as quality will rise even as the riskier instruments fall .
Every year thousands of children in mostly poor countries fall prey to sex tourists .
Saw Simon fall back too , then twist away with a cry as a hand clawed between the bars behind him and tried to fasten itself to his face .
You 've said that there 's no way you 'd fly your dog unless there was no other choice .
I 'll be arriving at 8:30 pm and probably be standing curbside at 9 pm so somebody can just fly by and pick me up .
I fly at Minden with both a transponder and TPAS in my glider because I value my butt and think it 's the responsible thing to do .
I had just assumed ! that they were shaving bowls , there to keep the lather that might fall off onto one 's clothes .
All named configurations fall back to General by default .
A character with a very high rating would have his own chauffeur and private helicopter , would fly everywhere business class or on chartered flights , would own multiple houses and the occasional chateau , and so on .
Hummingbirds are the only animal that can fly backwards 569 .
The permanent sowing of mines on the English coasts will bring England to her knees .
- our client , represented by Mr. Marcus Roberts would like to attend the FIDE board meeting in Elista Russia on 2223 septembre with regard to the application of the St. Kitts and Nevis chess association to become an official FIDE member , is this possible and welcome ?
A special reduction is offered to visitors who bring pre-completed registration cards .
Johnson wanted to become decisively engaged .
Please bring your own parts and tools .
The Pope wrote to the friend and associate of Saint Juliana , a Sister - recluse who had continued her efforts to obtain the request of the Lord : " May this day bring to all Christians the joy of a new feast and be celebrated with great joy , as We recommend fully in the Apostolic Letter We are sending to the entire world . "
They 're what Zimbabwe will become if civil society topples another anti-imperialist
One source I talked to indicated if the beneficiary is also named as the " annuitant " in the account set up , then when the annuity owner dies , the annuitant slides over to become the annuity owner and a tax - free 1035 exchange is possible to other annuities .
And they know I do n't care if they eat their whole lunch , give part away or bring part home , the only thing I mind is good food being thrown in the trash .
What will 2007 bring ?
I 'll have to come late to The Bridge because I have a client at 5 and at 6 , so I should be there just after 7 . Let me know - I can also bring cherry tomatoes if you think we can use them .
Onek 's association with the Open Society Institute is of great concern to TVC because the OSI is George Soros ' flagship organization to bring about radical social change in our culture ...
So , we may hope that China 's " two parents one child " policy will result in a more peaceful China , and as it becomes more prosperous and less populous , the government may become even less authoritarian and corrupt and become more genuinely beneficial ...
You never know , the date you let down gently may become a future referral source .
I am more worried about them than a hurricane for they bring tornadoes with them My dad and his girlfriend divide their time between South Florida and up here .
Second , it is a temporary pointer , as soon as str1 changes for whatever reason that pointer can become invalidated .
I do fully understand that non-heteros of all races and classes may cheer this effort for they want their love to be recognized , and may want to reap some of the practical benefits that a marriage entitlement would bring - health care if one of you gets health care from your job in the first place for your spouse , hospital visits without drama or scrutiny , and control over a deceased partner 's estate .
" Parting Gifts " is where my Significant Other stopped watching the series with me , forcing the reviewing gig to become a more solitary pursuit .
It caused many plastics to become brittle and crack or craze , and the silver began to corrode badly .
Then you start to feel like you must be missing something and become frustrated .
This person will bring business analytical skills and technical knowledge to the team to assist in a variety of due diligence initiatives .
The Bishop is an excellent teacher and has a clear vision of what he hopes St. Alexis will become .
Ol Tick wrote : If you throw a cat out a car window , does it become kitty litter ?
In 1825 , the Restaurationen was the first ship to bring Norwegian immigrants to America .
In fact , Bremer and the Bush administration were terrified that elections would bring radical Shiites and Sunni fundamentalists to power .
this could become a 247 real - time relationship .
By BOB HERBERT It 's time to rein in the test zealots who have gotten such a stranglehold on the public schools in the U.S. Politicians and others have promoted high - stakes testing as a panacea that would bring accountability to teaching and substantially boost the classroom performance of students .
DO N'T put off things that bring you joy until your life is perfect - until you 've lost 10 pounds , your house is clean , the bills are filed .
Coming back from Italy in June , a USAir representative checked to see when we made our flight reservations , because if we had made them after some certain date , they would have charged us to bring our bikes back with us .
We are looking for new associates to become our team mates .
In a changing marketplace , old rules can become obsolete while you are writing your book .
its orbit will become highly elliptical and strike the earth .
True pairs bring the major money .
In other words , you 'll be happy to have your auctions bring lower results so you can " save " the PayPal fee ?
- If you are playing Holi , apply a thick layer of coconut or any oil on your body and hair till they glisten and you become slippery .
But the people who hire him often become his next victims .
Simple sugars allow you to eat more which causes you to ingest more calories and become fat ... .
The demographic impact is far greater because their families stay and bring in additional relatives .
Much of Siberia will become productive as will much of Canada .
Playing fair and sending OUT your money will bring unbelievable returns !
One of the requirements of the class is to bring rain gear since the class is rain or shine .
Here is a question that needs to be asked a couple of times a year because the old answers become obsolete so quickly ...
Dwight Eisenhower 's 1957 decision to use the 101st Airborne Division to integrate Central High allowed nine black students to become the uniformly poised , polished , and accomplished adults their interview on the PBS News Hour last evening proved them to so inspiringly be .
The Smart Surveillance Solution deployment with Chicago is a first - of - a - kind implementation to help bring intelligence to city security .
Soft drinks will be provided ; please bring a dish to share .
When our emotions become hindrances , how can we transform them into assets ?
GM has been using the Z06 as the teaser for what the next variant of the base Corvette will become .
When private companies become the primary financer and purveyor of launches , the launch costs will also drop dramatically .
The Joos forced white hero Kevin Alfred Strom to become addicted to child pornography and tamper with witnesses .
The online marketing services company you work with should have extensive experience to bring these offerings into the fold to immediately stimulate your ROI .
at the expiry of their contracts a Labour government will bring these prisons into proper public control and run them directly as public services . "
No good can come from such an approach , and it will certainly not convince anybody or bring him closer to our beliefs .
We become the corresponding forest .
I 'm 63 and I trust it 'll be a long while until these stories become interesting and relevant to me .
Please bring a RECENT picture and resume .
There are certain situations in which young children often become emotionally charged .
White Can I bring Louise in at this point ?
So bring a towel !
and that means the minor parties will become king makers again .
The small round sweetheart or octagonal cases bring more .
Whoever has been robbed and wishes to find the thief should take a black hen , and for nine Fridays must with the hen fast strictly ; the thief will then either bring back the plunder or die .
In fact , a simple search on AltaVista or Yahoo will bring up much interesting info on Woodside .
I use the " Transfer to Photoshop " function to bring the processed RAW file directly into Photoshop .
Experts become uneasy when the boy - to - girl disparity hits a ratio of 106 : 100 , but when it exceeds 110 : 100 , alarm bells start ringing about potentially calamitous long - term effects .
Like injured and damaged children some leave home and become victims , some leave and become perpetrators .
At one of my recent talks someone stood up during the Q and A and announced that the only reason people ever become activists is to feel better about themselves .
: I am Atmos of the Galactic Federation and bring you messages of hope .
Can you imagine if that word were to become common usage ?
These men and women continue to expand the frontiers of world science to bring us sometimes wonderful , sometimes frightening , but unfailingly miraculous tomorrows .
It 's a mystery why certain venues become more synonymous with great gigs than others .
Have you Christians become so selfish as to not want to share with us that which was so freely given to you ?
Passengers who become intoxicated are more likely to wind up in the water and will be less able to assist in their own or some other person 's rescue .
Would you like to help us rebuild a home that was demolished to help bring hope and healing to a Palestinian family ?
Pity , they become freaks and ca n't see anything clearly , envision oppositions as their rivals for possession of the power .
The authors bring together very credible voices in corporate story telling .
Although I have often wanted to enhance my sunset images to bring out more color , or even to give it the color that I actually saw at the time , I hesitate , and save these enhancements for my " Graphical " images .
The petition claims that the deal was made in secret with Palestinian Authority officials and ignores international law that requires Israel to bring to trial terrorists who have committed crimes against humanity .
" Do n't care how you bring 'em ! " ,
He was emphatic that the weight of the tires sitting on one section of the tire over the winter , would cause the tire to become permanently unbalanced I think he said a " flat spot " .
That means it has to start out like a bud , and progress until it looked like penguin wings and finally become proper wings ??
Psychologists have long reported that extreme sensory deprivation is one of the quickest ways to drive people mad -- and make them willing to confess to anything .
Just make sure you do n't get pipes that drive you crazy on a day - long ride !
Mubadala , KFH and Millennium Development head their own consortiums and are collectively investing the US$ 1.2 billion for land cost and infrastructure work to develop three clusters under lifestyle and leisure , cultural and financial .
Work with and through site analysts to develop service needs criteria , system configurations , and non-standard service delivery requirements .
Seams can develop in the billet caused by folding over hot metal , fins , or sharp corners and then rolling or forging them into the surface of the billet .
Yesterday , AIPAC had an amendment to recommit the whole Armed Services Bill in order to add language requiring America to develop missile defenses jointly with Israel , to share all its missile defense technology with Israel .
- When I drive near any mall , the signal to detect customers and open the store doors automatically triggers a false positive in my radar detector .
Actually I drive ALL city miles now that I think of it .
Executes aggressive strategies and sales enablement plans to successfully drive embedded product sales , including developing presentations , applications notes , customer success stories , and prospect lists .
At the Las Vegas Motor Speedway visitors pay anywhere from $ 99 to $ 2,499 for varying levels of access to ride in or drive stock cars on the track .
Identify and mitigate risk , develop long and short term risk profile and action plan to mitigate risk .
Other projects aim to reduce food waste , develop techniques to verify the origin of food , establish better methods to monitor food contaminants including pesticides and create a single authoritative source of food composition data in Europe .
Can I register and drive my car along with The American Legion Legacy Run ? "
If you drive mostly winter roads , then a snow tire is in order .
But , he did drive a Geo Tracker .
The Consultant will need to work cross-functionally within CA to develop scope , strategy and approval for reporting requirements and analysis which will include , but not limited to , the design and development of functional specifications , test case documentation , deployment and ongoing enhancementsmaintenance as it relates to reporting and analysis .
Utilizes extensive knowledge of the business and HR to drive programs for recruiting , developing and retaining the best employees worldwide ; leading organizational change and design ; managing culture and maintaining a positive , highly productive work environment .
' As a result of poor choices , we develop habits and inclinations but this is not who we are .
ESS Phase 2 - Work with the HCM Integration Manager to develop new functionality such as Leave Approvals and other update capabilities .
We are using SCRUM to develop our web projects , with an emphasis on creating working code with tests over heavy up front documentation , so the work involves regular communication with other team members .
I can see signal strength changes as cars drive by outside my office picture window perhaps 10 m away .
It may have been stung by having to transport us to various other car dealerships and seeing us drive away in shiny new Fords and Vauxhalls .
' I 'd love to pursue acting and perhaps take some singing lessons and develop a little cabaret show and I 've always wanted to do a fashion show ; I adore fashion !
Penguin A wrote : I 've been in psychotherapy for 12 years and I did n't develop paranoid schizophrenia until my 30s .
License plates beginning with even numbers can drive on even days of the month and those with odd numbers on odd days .
PM will develop and track project and resource plans , assemble cross-discipline teams , prepare status and dashboard reports , prepare business cases and budgets , track and monitor operating and capital expenditures , manage vendors , and internal and external resources , and manage application infrastructure provisioning and implementation .
I see it every day ; people encouraging others to drive poorly and causing only confusion as a result .
You get acidity , develop gastric problems . "
' Assemble solution costs and develop solution presentations to support solution approval and process compliance .
The trucks drive over it leaving the port , I understand .
I can understand where they 're coming from if their antennas are n't springloaded so they 're basically smashing the damn thing if they drive under something shorter than the antenna is .
Networking within our industries to develop and disseminate competitive intelligence .
stomach , pancreas , liver , spleen , intestine , prostrate and kidney function more efficiently and develop immunity towards diseases .
180,000 women will develop breast cancer each year .
But I do consciously drive my cars with fuel efficiency and longevity in mind .
Because of cultural and language barriers , the calls last longer and drive a higher volume of repeat calls , both of which add cost to the business - while the cost per minute is cheaper offshore , the cost per call when additional second - tier support is factored in to handle the additional escalation volume is actually on par with many onshore call center options .
One amp can drive many speakers .
" The role of the Provincial Reconstructions Teams is to help provincial governments develop a transparent and sustained capability not only to govern , but to increase security , rule of law , promote political and economic development , and provide the administration necessary to meet the basic needs of the local population , " said Philip Reeker .
Review current processes to determine requirements and develop best practices to establish world - class function .
It also gave him 76 RBIs for the season making him the first major leaguer to drive in 75 runs over 20 consecutive seasons , surpassing Hank Aaron .
Provide project level estimates to help develop business cases Mentor and guide developers on implementation of functionality .
- Maintain storage Technology Roadmap develop awareness of new technology offerings to propose technologies in alignment with service requirements and architectural strategy group direction .
Edwards is a syndicated newspaper columnist and the co-author of an amazing new ebook that will teach you how to use fre articles to quickly drive thousands of targeted visitors to your website , affiliate links , or blogs ' Need MORE TRAFFIC to your website or affiliate links ?
Californians drive continuously in the left lane on all highways .
In colloquial terms , their noise and demands can drive anyone temporarily " nuts . "
One reason the network hired Ms. Couric is that Dan Rather jealously guarded the anchor chair and never let CBS develop an eventual successor , like NBC did with Brian Williams .
These low - cost , peer - to - peer education programmes offer a series of high quality education to develop in-depth knowledge on hot topics and choose the most appropriate sessions .
but my wife seems to be happy that she still gets to drive her 72 chevy shortbox stepside till it sells ...
- Maintain documentation for all user access and develop means for providing on a timely basis as requested .
The Dwarven King would Mine those levels If mines or restaurants or resorts develop off the transport shaft , great !
Slow shifting allows friction disk slippage and ultimately lead to failures unless you drive like grandma .
Since the chip has both a 200mA source capacity and 200mA sink , connect half the LEDs with their positive sides to the chip and drive the pins high to light them , and the others the other way round and drive the pins low .
You drive your autos on the wrong side of the road .
In the qualifying sessions on Saturday the track looked like a vision of MX heaven with a cushion of soft loam about 2 feet thick all the way around but it pretty quickly started to develop some deep ruts in the low - lying areas and some Texas - sized braking and acceleration bumps .
Sprinting helps develop this .
This position will be required to provide 247 support of the systems , develop agent facing applications through the use of Genesys Agent Scripting , and deploy call routing modifications as requested by the call center operations .
The successful candidate will teach calculus - based and non-calculus - based physics courses , develop a sophomore level course for science ...
I know damn well if their kid was on the bicycle and someone did what they just did to me to their kid they would scream and complain and demand cops write tickets to ' idiots who drive sports cars ' and the like .
but I do n't tend to drive during rush hour ...
In any event , if the two halves are moving in opposite directions but connected by a rope , then this energy is recoverable anyway by using the extending rope to drive a generator .
I like the way those guys drive home their points to the mooseleems in Oz .
At the National Institutes of Health and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , scientists meet to develop research agendas to improve the lives of people with Down syndrome , the genetic condition that results when a person has three copies of the 21st chromosome instead of the usual pair .
I drive trucks for living and Bush does not care about the people like myself .
When I lived there , I would regularly see a Jag with diplomatic plates drive over the sidewalk and use that as a merge lane to Wisconsin , on his way to the British Embassy .
The fact that the headlights are on provides a consistent reference to the location of the vehicle , " Why do motorcycles and locomotives drive with the lights on ?
Integrate efforts with CRM team to develop personalized event - detect capabilities that increase customer engagement .
The programme aims to develop advanced concepts and put " innovative concepts into the hands of war fighters in the field . "
You will develop executive level synthesis of insights resulting from Center of Expertises research and analytics resources .
It is always enjoyable to drive this track because it is a ' real ' circuit and it has so many special corners .
Our client , an overseas player of Kraft Paper Mill is seeking an experienced and mature PAPER TECHNOLOGIST CONSULTANT PAPER for a short - term consultancy to develop their expanding business .
I can drive to Liverpool in my car , so why ca n't I drive to Liverpool Photoshop ?
2006 Researchers have discovered a gene in humans that , when mutated , causes embryos with a female complement of sex chromosomes to develop as males .
May identify , develop and manage channel partners to achieve channel goals .
Will develop appropriate coding to meet system requirements .
I operate my vehicles conservatively though I drive rather fast on open expressways when going through the gears .
This candidate should be able to understand a high level conceptual diagram in Siebel 6 and drive it to a full end to end solution design and build using new features offered Siebel 7.8 with little to no guidance from other team members .
I know many other folks who drive there four wheel drive vehicles and ATV's in this area .
Work with technical lead to develop technical specification for financial application development initiatives e.g. , Reporting , Budgeting , Planning , Forecasting , etc. .
Apple is near release of a toolset that would allow third - party developers to develop native applications for the iPhone , according to reports on Apple blogs .
400000 miles on the odometer I live and drive in Ontario Canada .
the undergallery I suggested , because it ties to two sides of the setting together , would make it more difficult for deforming of the ring , to also deform the setting itself .
Decompose the problem into its various parts .
It will decompose faster than you can distill out the water .
Simply trying to decompose everything to NAND gates may not be what you want right now unless you 're considering full-custom ASICs , but I think we 'd need more information about what you 're trying to do .
It will deform and shatter .
Safiullah , Dubai , United Arab Emirates I do n't complain about the campaign , some of the western media is carrying on , to deform the reality that is going on in Pakistan .
When the bottom of the tire deforms inward , does the rest of the tire deform outward leaving the internal PSI back where we started ? ?
It has been shown that you can decompose the torsion tensor into a two parts , one of which is traceless .
Only after downloading with IE was I able to decompress the .tar.gz
They are n't reusable as they deform to the shape of the parts .
It deforms the sheet so much that it does not move when a photon passes by .
I thought i was gon na die , he got so close to me & quot ; Glasgow & quot ; Cnt wis running aboot on fire , so aran up n gave him a good boot , then decked him & quot ; America : & quot ; I just wan na get home , away from here .
HTP will decompose very energetically very quickly with only a small amount of contaminate .
I needed a day to decompress so I did n't even look at my computer yesterday .
The only good plastic bag is a reusable plastic bag , or one from a renewable that can decompose -- without -- the aid of a commercial composter -LRB- in case it gets loose in the wild , as they like to do -RRB- .
That means that a body will not deform no matter how much force is applied to it .
Wood does not necessarily decompose on the ground .
Methane in actuallity decomposes to CO2 in 10 yrs .
Thus when one decomposes the field and looks at the 4D zero mode , one can not have a chiral theory .
I see no reason to suppose the event horizon would deform .
Unless we 're counting micro-deformations , the & quot ; object & quot ; should n't deform .
The body is SUPPOSED to decompose .
I could stew there and decompose in a pile of my own waste and feces if I felt like it .
They said that the tires do n't deform enough to change the pressure .
Joris : In my opinion the music is free to decompose .
Geotextiles take five years to decompose , according to MIRDC Executive Director Rolando Viloria .
You ca n't decompose an antisymmetric metric into a symmetric and antisymmetric part - the symmetric part is zero .
and will not deform under normal useage .
And the vessel needs to not deform under the weight of the water , or the gravitational attraction of nearby apparatuses .
On the contrary the first part of these definitions say they deform .
Is there a way to decompose subrule 's trees while building a tree ?
zlib decompresses , but is n't clever enough to add a nul on the end .
How did you decompress the sage tarball ?
IANA physicist either , but it seems to me that when the bottom of the tire deforms inward and the rest of the tire will deform outward , there will be a limit to how far the tire can deform , and when that point is reached then the pressure in the tire will increase .
how I 'm supposed to get them if I do n't decompress them first ?
Interestingly , the tides on Earth deform it into a prolate spheroid with high tide on two sides of the Earth .
According to her , the impact of recycling on the environment was considerable , as some products would take a long time to decompose .
Author of books on Linux , FreeBSD , and networking Fixer will eventualy decompose .
The structure of the human body , how to keep it clean , how it decomposes , is all explained in vaedyaka shastra .
We get grouchy as our bodies decompose .
You 've got to anneal them after you 've deformed them into the shape you want to get these high permeabilities .
I believe they currently decompose methane at around 1700C over a variety of catalysts .
In Debian GNULinux I found the package p7zip-full with '7 za ' that also can decompress the floppy
and GsView decompresses it automatically .
Acid fixer is much more likely to decompose than plain fixer but both have a limited life .
The body will die and decompose one day , so we should take advantage of the Master , while he is in the human form with us .
In the end , he decomposes into dust .
While the poly is harder to deform -LRB- squash -RRB- , the losses are considerably higher .
Depends on the design of the JHP , but even if it does clog and fail to deform to .70-.75 caliber , it 'll still perform at least as well as FMJ ...
Some kinds of garbage need four or five hundred years to decompose .
If there are a lot of specifics in the generic , then it would make sense to decompose the module according to the principles of modular decomposition .
Rims should not deform like this during the wheel building process. & quot ;
The magnitude of these forces can be enough to deform the structures , resulting in device failure .
Unless we 're counting micro-deformations , the object should n't deform .
AFAIK folic acid does not tend to decompose .
It rusts and decomposes .
Use it if you really want to decompress .
For example , I once had to decompress a bunch of gzipped files in a directory tree , so I did something like this : find .
wrote : Joris : In my opinion the music is free to decompose .
That decompressed me and I was ready to come on board. & quot ;
To decompress them , just leave off the .Z
-LRB- To really see what the coefficients of the factors are , you will have to decompose a larger matrix , like 10x10. -RRB- BTW : What other matrices have nice LU decompositions ?
It depends on gravity to deform the sheet .
As for plasticity or ductility or Young 's Modulus or anything else to do with deformation -- Spherical Cows do n't deform .
The question is whether you get more net fuel by thermally depolymerizing the sewage vs. waiting for it to decompose .
He gives the advice that & quot ; When you decompose a class in policies , it is very important to find an orthogonal decomposition .
Mutation as we have explained only disrupts and deforms information if there is any effect at all .
I did n't want to have it welded , as I was afraid it would either bust again in the ignition , or deform it so that it would no longer work , so I made a new one .
In my opinion the music is free to decompose .
Because of this tupling , you can not use ordinary carcdr to decompose the input .
But would't it be possible to deform the Schwarz P-surface so that not its mean curvature is zero , but its Gaussian curvature constant ?
who decoct to this day , so it 's worth a shot .
He does not mention that methane decomposes to CO2 in 10 yrs .
You 'll still end up having to deform the lead to get it out of the flange .
You can just double-click , and the file will decompress .
They might mean the setting would have to deform more before the stone could fall out , but they do n't prevent that deformation .
You just decompose and that 's it ?
At best it can be persuaded to flutter around in a nose up attitude like a hummingbird on methedrine .
Mal 's eyes flickered for a moment .
His eyes flickered down to Handor 's blade .
When you flick the switch , it flickers for a few seconds and eventually lights up .
The lights flickered .
On the 4600 , it also flickers in Linux .
This shows that it is not just down to the width and set up of the saddle - they do need -LRB- for many people -RRB- to flex at the ' wings ' in order to accommodate the pedalling action without excess contact , chafing or pressure to the undercarriage of the rider .
Do they flicker the three LEDs , or give them each a DLP , or wot ?
Employers gave me high ratings , but I rarely , if ever , fluxed more than .25 above minimum wage .
I do n't really know of any paint that will flex enough to hold up to the flip-flops being worn without cracking .
He ca n't get through a sentence without at least two-three uhs , his eye lids flutter up and down in what my daughter , Carly , calls the liar 's blink and just because it is painful that a human like that is ostensibly the leader of the free world .
I 'm thinking about house hold fluorescents and when they flicker , sometimes it 's the bulb , sometimes it 's the ballast .
I can probably get much better results by using ext2 if I 'm willing to forgo filesystem journalizing -- which I 'm not willing to do .
That is to say that a surface is more likely to flutter if it 's loaded up with G than it is if not .
You will immediately know if your heart should truly flutter , or if you will need to save money for his future court appearance .
It flickers now and again no reason why that I know , its just irratating as its not on or off , you just catch it in the corner of you eye & quot ; jmc & quot ; & lt ; NOnewsgroupsS ...
The reason that I ask is that today it flickered for a few seconds and a few minutes later flickered again .
As I was walking back to the house , the electricity flickered out again .
Second , they 're NOT going to affect the air mass that the driver & quot ; sees & quot ; because they 'll flex right along with the sound waves .
I mean Crysis looks good -LRB- except for the LOD causing graphics to flicker in the distance -RRB- but the gameplay and tension just isnt there .
Unfortunately theese are not very stabl ein light putputs -LRB- flicker a bit -RRB- as the electronical supply systems are really hard to get to buy .
The lights flickered , went out for a second before coming back on .
But , by bulking up the executive branch on steroids , they are ensuring that even if a Democratic president chooses to flex those muscles , well , it 's the same difference .
If you use DIB to blit the generated gfx , might be that it goes through the same composer and do n't flicker .
How could I ! His eyes fluttered and he came back to himself .
The screen backlight is n't working on the left hand side , and it flickers nastily at random intervals .
& quot ; They do n't flutter , & quot ; she says .
The dimmer causes this bulb to flicker annoyingly , and so I never use the dimmer there .
If you 're watching the bottom line , forgo the subwoofer .
They seem to be only in the top layer of the glass and it appears to still be strong enough not to flex and run more .
But the cable goes from the lever , under the bottom bracket , to the mech , and as the frame flexes the points where the cable is held relative to the frame move with respect to one another .
As she spoke to us , the Grandmother of the family fluttered a piece of paper between her fingers .
He gets close to the edge of the car , but when someone walks close to the car , he flutters back a bit towards the middle .
Inara 's eyes flickered down and up again .
There is already someone who has made a cybernetic tail , but it is purely external -LRB- not anchored to the spine -RRB- , so it tends to wobble about when it flexes .
When you move the mouse over the & quot ; Fotos suchen & quot ; box it flickers every time when the mousepointer crosses a row of the underlining table .
You can flex the board bad enough to kill it .
This handkerchief of Countess Ducayla , fastened to the cane of a Montmorency , was the first royalist banner that fluttered over
You may also want to slot the other side of the block so it will flex a little easier .
If you repeatedly flex a soldered joint it will always break just after the solder .
A few minutes later his eyes fluttered open and he said , & quot ; You 're cute. & quot ;
It happened before about a year ago , the same thing and the lights would flicker on and off .
She died on the spot , and the customs documents she 'd held in her arms fluttered down the street .
However , you do need to have elected to forgo the carryback .
She did n't know where to look , and fluttered like a little bird when Ed and I started to kiss her all over .
Remember , LCDs do not flicker at all .
I bet it flutters in the water , because its sweet-spot is highfar on the top , and lownear on the bottom .
The BSP leader flexes her political muscle .
It looked to be completely black , and they were able to revive it for a moment , and when they did , the wings fluttered , the legs began to move , and vivid red markings appeared !
Modern CFLs , with their electronic ballasts , do not flicker .
The second thing you can do is to make sure that the surface to which the speakers are mounted is very rigid -- it should not flex , vibrate , bend or move in the slightest .
When it flickers what is the rpm ?
You stop the symbol burning and the effigy burning , and you look them in the eye and flex your muscles and you say , & quot ; This is a warning .
With onlays and large inlays -LRB- even to the point of being 80 % the width of the tooth -RRB- , the tooth retains much of its ability to flex along its entire length , and abfraction is not focused on a 2 mm band at the CEJ .
Sometimes it will flicker back into life for a couple of seconds , sometimes it will work for the rest of the journey .
At that moment , Srimati Radharani 's eyes fluttered and opened wide and blossomed like lotuses .
Just a row of children 's clothing fluttered in the wind , hung on a wire descending from the remains of the roof .
His eyes flickered in the light of the candles .
Sure flexes a lot of & quot ; internet & quot ; muscle .
I want to forgo the niceties of the hot towel and go straight for the jugular on this one .
You can observe this when landing on a frozen lake just right , the airplane will pogo a bit as the gear flexes a few times .
Iran is one of Russia 's major trading partners , and another U.S. aggressive move into the Middle East would make Russia flex its nuclear muscles and set off a new arms race .
If they do n't flicker , well , that 's about as technical as I can get .
They said it was fine , holding pressure well , and that the head gasket was OK , since the pressure did n't flutter while it was running .
If you have to forgo everything else to get it .
The steel rod still flexes like new and the handles and everything else is in great shape .
I noticed the ones that do n't look good are the ones with a lot of white as they flicker too much. .
This handkerchief of Countess Ducayla , fastened to the cane of a Montmorency , was the first royalist banner that fluttered over Paris , after a banishment of twenty years .
Above them , the emergency lights flickered on and off .
Then the infowindow wo n't flicker .
I do n't think I 'd flicker at hearing & quot ; a piece of falsehood & quot ; .
If there is not enough mass left on the part of the sailplane the chute is attached to , possibley due to flutter or a collision , the chute will not open .
I started to jiggle the wires going into a grey harness and the lights flickered , so it must be that .
Second , they 're NOT going to affect the air mass that the driver sees because they 'll flex right along with the sound waves .
it flickers on both ie7 and ff .
His eyes fluttered , and he sank back into darkness .
They are intermitant , at times they do not turn off , other times , they flicker .
Just to make a film , if you like , where people can get into it and some of that can cause certain people 's eyes to glaze over if they 're not interested .
You can glaze the tart , but it 's not necessary .
You ca n't propagandize or sloganeer them , or their eyes glaze over , and they 're out the door .
The soul of the deceased is taken from the ends of the toes towards the top of the body , and when it reaches the throat , the death rattle sounds in the throat of the person who is about to die , and his eyes glaze over and roll upwards .
As it is , I walk in a store and when I see all the merchandise , my eyes glaze over and I go catatonic !
I had forgotten that when Israel is the issue , the entire US congress 's eyes glaze over .
i pulled over and glassed him for a while .
I want to Ghost the NTFS partition .
The little-understood SOQs are so complex they make most peoples ' eyes glaze over .
Maintaining the integrity of the power grid is one of those topics that make your eyes glaze over -- until the power grid collapses and the lights go out , as it did for much of Virginia after Hurricane Isabel in 2003 , and then it becomes all-consuming .
I 've seen their eyes glaze over in the middle of a math lesson they wish they were n't in .
I do n't know whether to complain about how freaking long it takes to get there , given that my eyes glaze over when we do look at their boring society .
Even if Jonson ghosted for Heminge and Condell -LRB- a scenario nowhere near as accepted as you try to put on -RRB- , what would that have to do with anything ?
My eyes glazed over at the amount of overdetail that 3e Vehicles had much of which IMHO was a lot of needless number crunching .
I have a very complex cp problem , and I ca n't tell you how many times I 've seen a doctor 's eyes glaze over , and then they shake their heads and stop me as I 'm explaining what 's wrong with me .
My eyes glaze over and I have no idea how any of these phrases are translated into something that is real for me .
I ghosted into the locked crypt underneath the cemetary -LRB- Hellfire ftw -RRB- and explored it at leisure - it 's really , really cool down there but I have no idea what they 'll ever do with it .
Try explaining gopher or telnet and their eyes glaze over .
when narrow or partially land-locked & quot ; I can glaze out any one of the windows in my house and see clearly the lough , loch , or lake that I live by , or at least , by which the house is situated , both the North Lough and the lower salt-marsh .
I 've seen battleships glaze the sky and crash into the horizon. .
He came in the ballroom , just a crazy old man ; his eyes seemed to glaze in the light Wow , seem to know some of them , at least I can sing them in my head if not remember the artists .
I would like to Ghost a windows xp machine However , the machine does not have a CD-RW It can however , be networked to another machine with a CD-RW Any ideas what app will do this ?
In many cases , the mere mention of the word is enough to cause eyes to glaze over .
Since getting back to full-health and back to work , I have n't been able to spare it that much time , but whenever I get a spare moment , my eyes glaze over and I 'm off .
Blah , blah , woof , woof , eyes glaze over .
When it comes to romance , you sizzle .
So go out there and sizzle up your phone calls .
Do n't try to skimp on your eyes .
& quot ; You have to grind , you have to sieve , you have to grind again .
I believe this is our sacred responsibility , one that I hope you will shoulder in time .
You definitely do n't want to skimp on the pad , as that is what will protect the jumpers from the springs and the edge of the frame .
If it is hot enough , the pancake will begin to sizzle and brown .
I 'm a little disappointed in the OED editors because I think they slacked off on & quot ; cornmudgeon & quot ; and & quot ; curmudgeon. & quot ;
wrote : Well , I slacked off for a while .
Abdullah came to the Prophet , may Allah exalt his mention , and asked him for his garment , so that they could shroud their father with it .
He even had proteges who shrouded his work in this area after his death .
maybe in the areas where you can make a profit with a Little Ceasar 's , you have to seriously skimp on ingredients to do so ?
I would n't slack off if I were Jones , because he 's the first to go .
Plain-clothes security forces have been deployed across Yangon to try to quell the protests , leaving the nation 's economic hub shrouded in fear .
The rest of the film relies on the skill of the director and the ability of the other actors to skitter around Arnold 's considerable presence .
EA seems to skimp on something every year and the money or the people to input rosters was the spot they skimped this year .
It sizzles , dazzles , crackles at times and it leaves you wanting more .
I would n't get rid of it , but I would figure out a way to shroud it to prevent the noise intrusion into the cab .
now sieve it .
Beer was plentiful , but they skimped on the taquitos .
paris when it sizzles
I would try to sieve out the homepage files to you for re-indexing .
I doubt if you 'd want to skimp on the video card and go with on-board .
Similarly a Muslim is not permitted to shroud him or bury him unless it is feared that the body would decompose because of weather conditions , or that it would attract predatory beasts , etc. In such a case , he may be buried in a hole and covered with dust .
I 'm gon na slack off and start hittin ' it again once I get up to 240lbs .
But even the impressive rationalisation skills of Advani can not shroud the resounding defeat the party suffered in the election .
The new wrinkle shrouds the case in uncertainty .
But it is clear that not only did Bush slack off on his National Guard service , but he also slacked off from his campaign work .
We did not find anything to shroud him in except a piece of cloth .
Since you 're building a HTPC , there 's no reason to skimp on the connection and I 'm positive you 'll be much more pleased with a progressive 480p or 720p signal than a blurry composite output or S-video .
If the oil sizzles , it is ready .
An insider told Britain 's Daily Telegraph newspaper : & quot ; Kylie just sizzles in her scenes .
The worst thing is that there are many ways to skimp and save on Sudoku puzzles .
No need to buy anything I do n't need , but no need to skimp if paying a little more would make significant improvements .
After a while , it slacked off ...
But the early Fathers of the Church , living in the age of growing ignorance that shrouded the last century of the Roman Empire , decided , on the basis of some statements in the Old Testament , that the earth ought to be flat or , at least , no more curved than a shield .
you have to shroud yourselves , do not even knock to begin with .
In 1650 Calov was called to Wittenberg as professor , and he signalized his entrance into office with a vehement attack on the Syncretists in Helmstedt .
Both seem to work ok for me , but I did n't skimp on the trolling motors either .
When we start to consider the enduring enigmas and controversies that circle and shroud the sonnets , it is a good idea to establish the few unarguable facts first .
Because of this , there were instances where I slacked off in a design project at work long ago .
It skitters away from you .
As the war in Europe ran down , though , the ASW presence slacked off , so maybe there would be a window of opportunity .
Considering the cost of epoxy , I would n't skimp on the cost of the ply it is to cover .
What I saw was their bodies shrouded , then the dog stealing the shroud , then a pair of bodies going into the ground .
Do n't skimp on the oil , But do n't go overboard either .
If it sizzles smartly , it 's ready , then I turn the heat down to medium high .
But an inspector wo n't be able to tell me if they skimp on the common areas , which can also have an adverse effect on property values .
And it is further unfortunate that they now shroud it in all this low-brow bullshit drama .
We skimp on other things to remain streamlines in other ways .
If this capacitor is only used to filter the supply for solenoids , then you might be able to skimp on the capacitance. .
If you skimp there , you are wastingmoney .
If you do not , you will never be a great landlord and if you slack off on your responsibilities there is a good chance that you will not make it very far in this business .
He added : & quot ; We 'll be able to throw back the curtains that shroud the early Universe , revealing many of its mysteries. & quot ;
Szlvia Luren sizzles ... . . ! !
I was so turned on by this show of manhood that I could feel my own piece of meat start to sizzle .
WotC is n't going to skimp on either when it comes to 4th edition .
The New York Times did its usual best to shroud the issue .
Well , I slacked off for a while .
Apple skimped on the 17-inch to keep the price down .
Skimp on the housekeeping now , and pay for it many times over in the future .
-LRB- that and the possibility that one day there might be Something to See ? -RRB- Every time I go to look at the volcano-cam it seems to be either shrouded in fogmistcloudrain , or else in the dark !
i read this and thought & quot ; hey at least they left the kid inside , instead of out on the street like the one last week ; and did n't try to sizzle it or squish it or drop it out a window. & quot ;
You do n't want to skimp there if you 're planning on loading a lot of stuff .
This is a holocaust in which millions of lives are being destroyed , and we need to speak out loudly and forceably and inflame people 's emotions to the point that they are willing to rise up as a group and do something about it .
Now , our government , the United States government , the New World Order - whatever you want to call it - wants to implant everybody .
For example , if a maxillofacial surgeon in the USA implanted Proplast into a patient 's TMJ in the year 2000 , the innocence of that particular tangent of the TMJ iatroepidemic no longer applies .
No. Witness your revision of the sonnet where the addressee impregnates a bunch of maidens .
Should n't the name of the man who impregnated the female be recorded regardless of the pregnancy ?
you should indent parens ?
Most of these routers are not used for file networking , so there 's not a lot of chance to implant hooks into their systems that way .
I 've now developed some astigmatism , so I do n't know if they 'll do a Lasik tweak , or just implant a new lens .
It extinguishes the small ; it inflames the great .
And in August , Divekar implanted the first dissolvable plug in a 10-year-old 's heart .
It indented slightly That 's right .
In the bible , if youtwits actually read it that it is saidthat King David kidnapped a women forhis wife , impregnated her , killed herhusband and then his punishment was the death of an innocent child .
Do you think the neocons implanted some sort of chip at the base of your brain ?
After spending some months Louvain , in 1543 , where he implanted the seeds of numerous vocations among the young , he returned to Cologne , and there it may be said that he extirpated all heresy .
How do indent my a part of my article ?
Too much DHEA will be made into estrogens and inflame the prostate .
But to quote what he said would only inflame another argument that 's going on at HLAS right now , so I 'd rather not .
There are other examples for that matter , some tolerable , some not , and where exercising tolerence is at the risk of allowing someone to implant in a child 's malleable mindset that it is their goal to become a suicide bomber , say , that tolerence is far from tolerence but is in fact ignorance .
Meanwhile , Errol Flynn has fallen in love with a lady-in - waiting , and he impregnates her , but does the right thing and they get married .
-LRB- RETURN -LRB- FUNCALL FN BYTE -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- PG-USER What I would like to know is how to customize it to get it to indent my own macros or short snippets of code like I would want them to be indented .
The intention is to implant the idea that the Jews annihilated by the Nazis had it coming to them .
wrote : I 'm sure you 'll still be able to live in New York or California and still be able to impregnate as many women as you like without much trouble in aborting the baby .
His style is set to indent the colon-terminated keywords , and then indent the controlled statementsdeclarations an additional level .
Warrington and Threlfall more than make up for that with the seductive intensity and inflamed intimacy of Othello 's fall .
She told the Babylonian people that Nimrod was the god of the sun , and that he impregnated her , with the rays of the sun .
It also indents the next line .
Sources have revealed that , in compliance with last year 's Clean-Ur-Act Act , Neuralizer -LRB- tm -RRB- immobilizes the user and alerts the authorities if THC is detected in the blood stream .
This for two or three days in intensive care , a quintuple bypass -LRB- or maybe it was just a quadruple bypass -RRB- , and a final operation where they implanted a difibralator .
The big danger is that if we allow this tendency to take root it will implant in the minds of the masses the idea that the leaders are more important than the organisation .
You see , God sent his spirit down to impregnate my mother , and I was born .
what it does help with , however , is the way Emacs indents the list of values .
You would have to implant the organ yourself but by now , you 've seen and felt much worse .
In July , during a CNBC interview , he declared that he would allow the VeriChip Corporation , of which he is a board-member , to implant him with one of the RFID devices they manufacture .
If anything inflames you , it is certainly a poison .
& quot ; include him out & quot ; Ludovic Mirabel The intention is to implant the idea that the Jews annihilated by the Nazis had it coming to them .
You can indent Fortran .
I think you asked the question to inflame .
There are several things that can be done to prevent this , the simplest seems to be to indent it .
The Mariachi The sound of the mariachi impregnates to the soul of a Mexican with all the range of feelings and emotions that a human being can feel in some moment .
I told them what would happen but they did n't believe me and would n't implant my stimultor unless I tried the Lyrica first .
icle % 2FShowFull Sharansky writes in the Jerusalem Post : The al-Dura incident was n't the only media report to inflame passions against Israel in recent years , but it was the one with the highest profile .
It really is quite natural if you indent properly in the first place .
Saudi Arabia and Iran began to work closely together after sectarian violence in Iraq inflamed the region .
It is ironic that for a man who advocated the use of verichip by all Americans now seems too busy to implant himself with the device .
But I think that this method seems like the best way to implant something into my hand .
Enki then impregnates his daughter Ninsar , who gives birth to the goddess Ninkurra , and she , in turn , being impregnated by Enki gives birth to the goddess Uttu , also described as the goddess of plants .
It only indented once .
It 's almost certain this would inflame or enrage public opinion in the US and Israel that could lead to the ouster of the ruling parties in both countries .
I implanted a magnet into my hand , and we are going to see how it heals up , and what the complications are if any .
His head has been flattened , and he was looking for a doctor to implant a tail .
We are being told we will be happy with such and such a partner in such and such a way as we pick that suggestion and try to implant it into our lives .
I ca n't seem to find why I ca n't indent more than one tab in a CASE statement .
A man who refused to impregnate his brother 's widow -LRB- Ge 38:7 -10 -RRB- .
at the moment she 's using a long term contraception , but I want to have a control and be sure I never impregnate her or any other women ?
s dynamic was drawn from the most tribal and particularistic stratum of Judaism , and its destiny became the restoration of tribalism in the guise of a modern , highly militarized and aggressive state & quot ; , which they implanted in the center of Islam .
Nobody fell out when it happened , and a safety interlock immobilized the bus .
I do n't know why the group ca n't stop trying to inflame the situation .
wrote : I think that it is more likely to inflame Surfie 's passions .
Agni is identified with the SUN and , more exactly , with the Fallen SUN that inflames the earth at the world 's end .
If you do n't indent them at all , they 'll be global functions .
Second , I want to be a teacher who implants self-confidence in my children .
Most of them do n't even implant .
Regime change in Iraq means to implant a Western Utopia in the heart of the Middle East : a Western-built politeia .
He has had four heart attacks , quadruple bypass surgery , two artery-clearing angioplasties and an operation to implant a special pacemaker in his chest .
I sometimes work on code from a guy who indents a double-space at a time ; while I do it a tab at a time .
In fact , if you impregnate an older woman , you will probably be the last to know .
You can implant in special geologic environoments and in certain ways to go either way .
He can not inflame the minds of his audience .
It 's never necessary to do exactly that , and one can write a subroutine to implant a character in a given position in a copy of a string .
It is also a lot smaller , about one square millimetre , which reduces the amount of surgery that needs to be done to implant the device .
It is now 8202007 , if Brady impregnated Whorenahan in early November the baby should have been born WEEKS ago ! ! ! ! ! !
I think you need the vim-ruby plugin installed , otherwise Vim might not know how to indent the erb syntax .
Eat all his children , and then impregnate all the females .
It also greatly inflamed the political leaders sense of self-worth -LRB- i.e .
It is not necessary to indent the paragraphs .
He impregnated Midget Whorenahan -LRB- a woman his mother 's age -RRB- & quot ; supposedly & quot ; during that time .
THE UNITED Nations has hatched a secret plan to implant a bar code in the forehead of every man , woman and child in Europe and the United States .
If you are talking about coverage of Congressional sessionshearings , etc. it is easy enough to inquire .
With many more MOUs inked and new mines opened up , this figure is going to jump considerably .
As you know there are many forgers on here , you even have one post on your blog that did not come from me -LRB- the one that said you will never catch me -RRB- , but there always will be people who want to inflame a situation if they can .
No need to inflame partisanship , they are on the same side .
my friend , who has been studying calligraphy for over 25 years , is convinced that it 's hand inked but that could be wishful thinking .
& quot ; Any action that runs counter to the spirit of national reconciliation in an all-inclusive manner , any action that will inflame passions , any actions that will undermine the dialogue between the Government and those who disagree with the policies of the Government should be avoided , & quot ; Gambari said .
If you inked Santana to a long term deal ... that 's
Finally , the man inquired about the cost of the last parrot .
So , I emailed UnderSheriff Bob Rapson , the man running the auction , and inquired .
McDave of Merryland 08:54 AM CDT on Sunday , August 19 , 2007 The reported $ 1.2 billion package the White House is working on to slow the flow of drugs from Mexico surely will inflame GOP Rep. Tom Tancredo and the anti-Mexico lobby .
The two note , as they have before , that there was no need to rush through an oil law and that attempts by the US to push it through will only further inflame the chaos and violence .
I 'd like to be able to tell anyone who inquires what year-range the seats will fit .
By Paul Glazowski The Associated Press reported this week that Sony BMG & quot ; inked a licensing deal with Yahoo !
I know there must be a better place to inquire about this subject , but I ca n't imagine a better group of people to ask .
You may want to inquire over at rec.amateur.antenna .
Then , the Buddha said to the venerable Subhuti , & quot ; Subhuti , go to the Licchavi Vimalakirti to inquire about his illness. & quot ;
For example , Bill I do n't know if I want to coach here next year Parcells just lost his DC to Atlanta where the new HC inked a five year deal .
Adam inquires .
Our sources say the statement by Hu Angang is significant , reflecting the regime 's decision to deliberately inflame nationalist sentiment among intellectuals , students and other members of the middle class .
The two countries also inked agreements on cultural exchanges and tourism .
the Scarecrow inquired .
This is a hunter-killer team , said a former senior US intelligence official , who added that he feared the new tactics and enhanced cooperation with Israel would only inflame a volatile situation in the Middle East .
I inquired of my rabbinic mentors and they told me that if I felt there was an issue of a Jew in trouble , of a mitzvah of pidyon shvuyim , then I should do what I could to help .
The controversial radio star inked a deal with Citadel yesterday , a person familiar with the situation said , although rumours he would be moving to WABC have been circulating for months .
And so are the beards of all shades of Islamists which inflamed the world with Jihad , the WWIII , which we are losing so far .
That is why I inquired here , for help to do it youself , if it is posssible .
The judge warned that allowing the parties to speak to the media & quot ; could have the possibility to inflame the community. & quot ;
They then inquired , & quot ; We 're not being nosy , but we just want to help. & quot ;
BHUBANESWAR : The Posco Pratirodha Sangram Samiti , billed as one of India 's most aggressive anti-land acquisition organisations , was born around the same time when Orissa chief minister Naveen Patnaik inked the deal with the South Korean company on June 22 , 2005 .
All we have is our own lucidity , which we must train on a world where faith still inflames the minds of men .
As previously reported , the singer inked a deal with the Independent Film Channel to air all 12 of the original & quot ; Trapped & quot ; episodes , which will take place in the weeks prior to the DVD release .
If a student inquires about creationism , I suppose , it would be OK for Booher to suggest a book .
she inquired off-handedly .
Oh , really , he inquires , so what have you got ?
Fire that can not be put out with words but only inflame the situation of which you are misinformed .
Oppel also notes that in Diyala and Baquba , you 're dealing with two populations -- Shia and Sunnie and that Shiite-dominated security forces in the city inflamed tensions by persecuting Sunnis .
When the Cricut first came out I inquired about the usb port and the ability to use any fonts on the pc and it was strongly hinted at that this was possible in the future .
She did not want to inflame the situation any more apparently ... .
Inara inquires & quot ; Mal just ordered Jayne in for a meeting .
The Buddha then said to the young Licchavi Prabhavyuha , & quot ; Prabhavyuha , go to the Licchavi Vimalakirti to inquire about his illness. & quot ;
I do n't know if this is the same for you but it 's something to inquire about .
When I inquired as to what she was doing , she said she was shopping on the Internet and they kept asking for a credit card number , so she was using the ATM & quot ; thingy !
Opening the border to trucks was a key part of the North American Free Trade Agreement inked in 1994 .
inquires the Inspector .
The sergeant who phoned us said he 'd received complaints from the gipsies about us and that we should not inflame the situation by looking out of our windowes .
The method of the attack is designed to inflame anger and hysteria in the American public .
It seems to me that you should inquire of the purported sender .
Turning to the trade between Iran and Turkmenistan which stands at dlrs 1.3billion , he said that the two countries inked new MoUs to increase cooperation in the fields of transportation , border trade , dam building as well as TV and radio .
No one was in the house when most of them were made , and I inquired about what might have caused them .
I think there could be more ; the area is full of ambitious warlords , any or all of whom would see this as an opportunity , and who would try to inflame the religious reaction for their own use .
He is a peaceful ticking bomb swift and slow to inflame , He is tolerant , and sensitive , but coldhearted just the same .
Sources told Al-Hayat that the two young men followed news of the resistance against the occupation since the former Iraqi regime 's downfall and the Al-Fallujah confrontation inflamed their zeal and they decided to go to Iraq .
A few days ago , a friend called to inquire if I have friends or relatives in Ilorin , Kwara State .
And so , I inquired about it with the officiating pastor .
I emailed them to inquire 2 weeks ago , and they have n't responded .
And of course they both have each other 's faces inked on their bodies .
Unlike his attempt to inflame and villainize me .
It is not worth the agriculturist 's while to inquire whether turnip-feeding may not have something to do with it ?
& quot ; I like that it inquires into something in a multidisciplinary way. & quot ;
Falling in love with his daughter Sunita only inflames Sohan 's jealousy further , and on the eve of Ranjit 's wedding , Sohan presents him with his gift of some exquisitely tooled dice , and suggests a game while thinking of revenge .
I decided to 1 -RRB- be discrete and 2 -RRB- it would take too long and 3 -RRB- would probably inflame the bible beaters , who would rush to the church 's defense .
An equation found in one of his father 's books inflamed Dr. Selberg 's mathematical curiosity at the age of 13 .
Then , the Buddha said to the venerable Maha-Maudgalyayana , & quot ; Maudgalyayana , go to the Licchavi Vimalakirti to inquire about his illness. & quot ;
The same day , the oil and gas group inked an agreement with the Hanoi Securities Trading Centre -LRB- HaSTC -RRB- .
This time Nityananda Prabhu brought him in the house and began to inquire after the welfare of his family at Fateyabad .
- President Bush said yesterday that he is considering a fresh plan to cut tax rates for U.S. corporations to make them more competitive around the world , an initiative that could further inflame a battle with the Democratic Congress over spending and taxes and help define the remainder of his tenure .
The Trial inflamed local anit-Indian and anti-AIM feelings , including in the jury , by bringing up Peltier 's name and the whole history of AIM 's stormy involvement with the FBI .
Approaching Cincinnat , I inquired of her if she was going to call one of my sisters to pick her up at the airport .
I 'm saying that if you inked Santana to a long term deal in exchange for those three it would not be the worst trade ever by a long shot , given that we have no idea how good JE and CB will be in the majors , and that Lester has not been stellar .
So the Sahabah inquired why he was looking for such a fez in the middle of a battle .
According to them , Adventure 424 's cover was by Bob Oksner -LRB- who also inked DeZuniga 's story within -RRB- .
The task revolted him and when he refused to do it any longer he was sent to the unit shrink for psychiatric evaluation .
On August 8 , 1945 , two days after the destruction of Hiroshima , former President Herbert Hoover wrote , & quot ; The use of the atomic bomb , with its indiscriminate killing of women and children , revolts my soul. & quot ;
You ca n't reseat references .
When I took the main board out to have a look at the underside , I found the power supply section riddled with poor and ' cracked-right-round ' lead-free solder joints -LRB- the board actually has & quot ; PbF & quot ; silk-screened on it -RRB- .
The foolishness of spatio-temporal notions riddle science and is embedded in our culture as a sort of blind faith .
2 . There is no evidence that Richard of York planned to revolt ; he appears to have been driven to it as a last resort .
When you look at it objectively , the ability to revolt is pretty inalienable , though it tends to be costly if you decide to go through with it .
The people revolts instead .
The story revolts me .
But there may have been hundreds of thousands of Jews in Alexandria , and they never revolted there .
they said that they had to reseat something that had jumped out of position .
This is what happened in Oregon , and why the voters finally revolted , twice .
-LRB- On Tuesday , Daoud Salman , the governor of Iraq 's central bank , was the victim of an assassination attempt -- gunmen drove by and riddled his car with bullets , wounding two aides .
The attack , according to the report , was carried out Sunday morning , November 25 , by five armed men who entered the Kauaz household and riddled the entire family with bullets ; a number of women and children were among the victims .
you said you reseated all the socketed chips , but did you remove , then reinsert all of them ?
Jim Hoaglund in the Washington Post is reporting that the CIA had spread tens of millions of dollars among the Iraqi tribes in hopes of getting them to revolt against Saddam and join the Americans .
news services The St. Louis Rams , winless and riddled with injuries , will wait until the end of the season to decide if coach Scott Linehan will return in 2008 , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported Tuesday .
We revolted against England for what did you say ?
It revolted with Sicily against the Anjou dynasty , but it was again subdued by Naples in 1299 , and was thenceforward permanently united with it .
The story goes that when Carausius revolted from the Roman Emperor Maximilian and set himself up as the Emperor of Britain , he employed St. Alban to environ the city of Verulam with a wall and to build for him a splendid palace .
It retrograded back to N.Neptune while he was 10 , and around April 9 , 1951 it was Rx-conjunct N.Neptune while T.Jupiter was simultaneously opposite N.Neptune , both also squaring his N.MC within 1 degree .
Before I posted I riffled through it , too quickly obviously , and missed it .
People are not likely to revolt when they 're more interested in watching television and eating junkfood all day .
wrote : You may have the right to bear , but you do n't have the right to revolt against the govenment .
Now , the Burmese are poor , weak and not in a position to revolt against the powerful and wealthy Chinese .
The thought revolts me !
-LRB- Charleen Bunjiovianna -RRB- wrote : There 's another way book marginsedges are used ; a narrow strip is painted in each edge and when you riffle the pages slightly , you can see a picture .
However , I think that there would have been another round of Anglo-French wars before the end of the 18th century , whether or not the Americans revolted , so I think that you could have the French Revolution go off the same time .
You may have the right to bear , but you do n't have the right to revolt against the govenment .
Reseat the cable .
When first challenged to admit defeat , most of us revolted .
But who knows , he might and even if they did still revolt , I think he would have a pretty good chance of defeating them .
Hassan Jabar Salman , a lawyer , was shot four times in the back , his car riddled with eight more bullets , as he attempted to get away from their convoy .
On April 15 , 1961 , two of the freshly-painted B-26 bombers were forced to emergency land in Miami after Fidel Castro 's air defenses riddled them with bullets .
Any revolution starts because the people involved simply get fedup with the status quo , and the only way to change it is to revolt .
32 The planet which retrogrades denotes rebellion and the destruction of any project .
Popups riddle your computer , and you wish all of the troubles would just go away .
I revolted any way I could .
In Tambon Sathengnok of Yala 's Muang district , gunmen charged into the residence of Jirasak Kumachan , 19 , and riddled his body with bullets .
I : pulled the rom board and reseated all the roms , but that did no good .
Then the Jews revolted against the Roman Empire and half of them were slaughtered and the other halved enslaved -LRB- or fled -RRB- , that 's why they can be found throughout the former Roman Empire .
Her great-great-great-uncle , William Stokes , had been hung and his body riddled with bullets .
Following the earthquake , the HELOTs revolted , encouraged perhaps by their belief that the god Poseiden was sympathetic with their cause .
instance , just who revolted in the Bar Kochba revolts anyway ?
It revolts the conscience of the world , which makes it harder for the West to convince Muslims that we are not the enemy of Islam .
Tihomir 5M1W I do n't smoke anymore & quot ; All that is human must retrograde if it do not advance. & quot ;
Once again , this amendment concept seems to elude you .
I 've read the paper many times and the point eludes me .
I would quilt first , then embellish , that way you do n't have to worry about the embellishments getting hit by the needle , or causing problems with rolling the quilt on a frame , etc. & lt ; BG That is what I did with the crystals on my Denim and Diamonds quilt .
This makes it a monumental challenge -- as urgent as it is difficult -- not only to get him to stop the carnage in the Middle East , but also to prevent him from undertaking a new , perhaps even more disastrous adventure -- like going to war with Iran , in order to embellish the image he so proudly created for himself after 911 as the commander in chief of the first war of the 21st century .
There are stll some programming techniques that elude me .
& lt ; snipped mercilessly If these transgressions can elude even the watchful eye of Sam Pennington , how can we ever hope to stem the tide in R.A.M. ?
I did n't engrave it myself ; -RRB- they did it .
I 've learned that if you pursue happiness , it will elude you But , if you focus on your family , your friends , the needs of others , your work and doing the very best you can , happiness will find you .
No , I 'm just saying you make a lot of stuff up and tend to embellish the facts to make me look bad .
& quot ; We are certain that , with broad popular support and the verdict of our justice system , -LRB- the art deco building -RRB- will continue to embellish our city for many years to come , & quot ; residents said in a statement on a blog devoted to the building 's salvation .
However , the issue at stake is almost always his own : the desire both to connect with and to elude people - to be , in other words , a kind of respectable outlaw .
Muqtada has plenty of safe houses in Iraq , since he eluded Saddam for four years , and he wo n't be easy to find if he does n't want to be found .
I have tried to dig through their code to figure out how they did it , but it still eludes me .
And although I think I have at least a limited grasp of the theory , a practical understanding of the IDL code to implement it still eludes me .
The Markkus of this world will eat it all up and embellish even further .
His body was later found by Captain Archibald Witwicky , and before going into a comatose state Megatron used the last of his energy to engrave a map , showing the location of the Allspark , into the Captain 's glasses , and send a transmission to Cybertron .
theory comes to mind in that when we do n't take care of our Hunger , Anger , Lonliness , and Tiredness the fruits of the Spirit elude us .
The design is not so exotic as to elude a very simple value - except for those who know it is n't 50 Ohms .
Anyway , I 've already said what I think many many times with regard to many of your disquisitions : You have absolutely no way of linking the sonnet to your scenario , embellish it all you like .
Jace is forced to elude both the police and the men who want him dead whilst he attempts to find evidence to clear his name .
If these transgressions can elude even the watchful eye of Sam Pennington , how can we ever hope to stem the tide in R.A.M. ?
I may do an interlude set in 1550 or so , to cover the impact of the Karaman Scientific Revolution on Europe , though I fear that fine-tooth vision of Europe is going to elude me , in the end .
You tell ppl that all that you 'd originally defended them aggainst was actually true all along , and in fact , you embellish that in an attempt to hurt them more too .
Like I said , the smart person who has something to gain or lose as the case may be must verify everything I said and will find out that I am a fallible human being and may make mistakes but I do not lie , I do not embellish , and I do not exagerate .
wrote : bonfly , I am familiar with which include trout and whitefish , but salmoides elude me , what am I missing , apart from a sanwich short of a picnic !
In summary , the Minister 's Counsel stated that & quot ; It is the Minister 's position that the present claim is an effort to elude the administration of justice in the USA and as such may be viewed as a claim of convenience. & quot ;
& quot ; This makes it a monumental challenge-as urgent as it is difficult-not only to get him to stop the carnage in the Middle East , but also to prevent him from undertaking a new , perhaps even more disastrous adventure-like going to war with Iran , in order to embellish the image he so proudly created for himself after 911 as the commander in chief of ' the first war of the 21st century. ' & quot ;
But Htay Kywe , who managed to elude midnight raids on homes across Yangon , said the generals who have run the Southeast Asian nation for the last 45 years would never be able to cover up the reality of deepening poverty .
This makes it a monumental challenge-as urgent as it is difficult-not only to get him to stop the carnage in the Middle East , but also to prevent him from undertaking a new , perhaps even more disastrous adventure-like going to war with Iran , in order to embellish the image he so proudly created for himself after 911 as the commander in chief of & quot ; the first war of the 21st century. & quot ;
You need to tell that one again , even if you did embellish it a bit .
It says that the comedian -LRB- a chap who died a few years ago whose name eludes me -RRB- , had to plead with a little girl in the audience who could n't stop laughing , so that he could continue .
I 've learned that if you pursue happiness , it will elude you .
That may elude me from time to time so I apologize up front .
I suppose you are right when you say its judgment , something that can elude all of us at the table ...
You could do a little wall hanging and embellish it with old rippers and hole-y thimbles and dull safety pins .
Now , I 'm sure Janice can embellish on this story because at that point I did not want to hear any more about it .
BTW , they are advertising & quot ; 19th centuary & quot ; items - and they 'll engrave them for you .
Thanks for all the pointers , I should have known about changing the Doctypes , but as I 'm sure many of you know when hunting bugs the obvious can elude you .
If this is n't what you 're trying to argue for here , then exactly what your point was supposed to be also eludes me .
I am pro-NRA , but they do embellish abit .
Perhaps you should engrave his name on it ?
Condemning the concept of a & quot ; unipolar world & quot ; , he added : & quot ; However one might embellish this term , at the end of the day it describes a scenario in which there is one center of authority , one center of force , one center of decision-making ...
Then he embellished , saying he was a UNLV student and was doing this for a class project at the UNLV College of Hotel Administration .
I 'm not sure why Booster would need to embellish the buffoonjerk angle since his reputation as-is would be a sufficient cover , but that 's just one man 's opinion .
Also , manually turn off any viruskillers that manage to elude & quot ; msconfig & quot ; .
I wish I could find it because I am SURE I embellished it some .
lol : : Once you make a bead and anneal it and then you look at it and decide that : it could really use something else to embellish it to make it look better , : can you have a & quot ; do-over & quot ; on it ?
He was there for nearly an hour before he was arrested and charged with robbery with a dangerous weapon and felony speeding to elude arrest Family members of some of the victims told WRAL Monday they had been informed of their cases that morning .
Of course , you can engrave the E-word thus greatly reducing the bad effect of being blind .
Critics of the textbook to be used in middle schools say it embellishes the Ottoman Empire and underestimates the role of the Orthodox Church in the Greek battle for independence .
Now , I can work out the Naked Products is some sort of brand name , but the meaning of the rest of the advert eludes me .
an 11 year old girl was arrested for attempting to elude the man and driving under the influence .
Lerma 's Stint Posing as a Scientologist Mr. Lerma embellishes his stint as an on again off again Scientologist and his short-lived career as a staff member of the Church in order to make himself appear to be more important and knowledgeable .
Waterboarding , it 's been claimed , has a rare capacity to clarify the mind , and it 's fairly certain that were he to be waterboarded , Judge Mukasey could and would come up with an opinion on the practice , an opinion that has , thus far , eluded him , It matters little that the opinion Mukasey renders under the influence of superhydration would likely be any opinion he thought his interrogators wanted to hear .
The elegant and efficient way , if there is one , eludes me .
The details of the discussion now elude me , but I remember there being a lively debate about just how and when transexuals became part of the gay community , and vice versa - the consensus was that nobody knew how it happened , and nobody was quite sure that they agreed with the inclusion .
As you mentioned , Vertue engraved the inscription with a comma after & quot ; DIDE & quot ; , in which case I suppose that the main clause could have been & quot ; WITH WHOME , QVICK NATVRE DIDE & quot ; .
The meaning of the rest of the paragraph still eludes me .
Andrew could start it off , and as the rest of us find ways to either resolve problems or embellish the service , we could add notes to the wiki .
must have something to elude the Daylight savings time we have put up with ... .like the one next week .
Even then , as we hew away , peace and joy may still elude us .
Are we going to say that because these examples have the F & quot ; in the wrong place & quot ; that we are going to engrave that way too ?
We 've had several discusions about it over the years , and the consensus is that anyone who makes a useful contribution to the group in other ways -LRB- advice and experience , mainly -RRB- are welcome to ply their trade discreetly .
Would n't it be better for someone to understand they have a basis for the value of something before they put it up for auction or plunked it in a box in the basement .
We can eat fish , but only if we are prepared to contribute to the collapse of marine ecosystems and - as the European fleet plunders the seas off West Africa - the starvation of some of the hungriest people on earth .
Thus , to offend , to oppress , to despoil , to plunder , to assassinate or enslave one 's fellowman is ordinarily regarded as a crime .
This is masonic racketeering on a grand scale and information is the means by which they plunder us all.If
Then , as I told all those Padre fans earlier this year , maybe the fans can get on the management of the Padres - to plunk down the dollars to field a team that can win .
I must plunk the Beast .
You have to give readers what they want , or else they wo n't plunk down their 50 cents .
Because it is they who invaded and plundered all the rest .
We know that he plied his trade on the London stage and that he was one of the most successful dramatists of the great Elizabethan-Jacobean moment that lasted , as Bryson says , from 1567 until the Puritans closed the theatres 75 years later .
If I could n't find any useful information , I 'd just be ready to plunk down $ 100 U.S. and buy one .
However , for the reasons stated , I am also quite certain that M R James plundered Crake 's THE THREE BLACK CATS for inspiration for THE ASH-TREE , as I am sure critics will come to accept during the passage of years .
And if not that the crew went on the journey in a car , it would have had to sleep at Osoogun till 8.a.m the following morning when the vehicle which plies Ibadan to the village gets there .
He does not victimise , plunder , terrorise and abuse others in a cold , calculating manner .
This makes sense because the best environment for a Carjacker to ply his trade is when your vehicle is already running but you are required to stop for some reason or another .
Not even the mighty Dutch could do that and in the end they were forced to make a treaty with the Bugis and share everything they plundered in the Straits of Malacca 50:50 .
In America , enemies -of-the-people have been named to high-office , from which , unawares , they plunder the rights and pillage the freedoms of the people .
It 's hard to predict how well this will work out for any given person , all you can do is plunk down your money and try it .
But , I 'm not gon na plunk down 399.00
How many of these people seem to have the ability to pay themselves a performance bonus even when the company they work for is going under , and is leaving the employees out of work , and their pension funds plundered .
The narcissist does not victimise , plunder , terrorise and abuse others in a cold , calculating manner .
Anyone with such a unit , can you verify that you ca n't legally just plunk in any D-Cells , but rather that it has to be specific brands -LRB- i.e .
You expect to be able to plunder private property .
In an interview , he said she plied him with cocaine , red wine and ultimately herself .
As a student of foreign affairs going back to the Third Reich , Davis plundered the association with gusto .
It 's not wetter Yewin that counts ; it 's how you ply the gum .
In the meantime I plunked down for a cheap socket A motherboard from newegg.com .
What could he do to you if you yourselves did not connive with the thief who plunders you , if you were not accomplices of the murderer who kills you , if you were not traitors to yourselves ?
Within a short time the man realised he had been hoodwinked , and his credit cards plundered .
And let him ply his musique .
IF you send me a response that you want to ply , I 'll have to asssume that you do n't mind who else you play with and that I can count on you to play .
But hey , if it makes you feel as good as it did then , feel free to plunk down $ 200 .
I 've gotten a few replies , which I am thankful for , but I 'm hoping for a few more before I plunk my money on the table .
The next stop was Hewell Grange , which they plundered for arms and ammunition .
I believe he plunders somewhere just south west of Halifax ... .
They plundered the country 's natural resources , including teakwood , precious stones , oil and natural gas .
And here is what I found tonight as I plundered through a box I 've had for about 20 years ...
Jeez , did you drive the 4800 lb behemoth before you plunked down your money ?
We could plunk houses down on a few of them and see if anybody wants to live there .
Or would you just plunk your hiney anywhere .
No it depends on when you plunked all your money down .
The time has come for Africa to seize the day and resist the efforts of America and others to leave their imprint and plunder its natural resources .
But two weeks ago , the influential Congress of South African Trade Unions became the latest body to plump for Zuma as the next head of the ANC -LRB- the election is in December -RRB- and argue that the ANC president should also become the president of South Africa in 2009 , which would rule Mbeki out .
During that time , the Japanese plundered Korea 's natural resources , and forced thousands of Korean women into prostitution for the Imperial Army .
Sure , lots of soccer moms ply the highways and byways of the country in Suburbans and the like , but they would LIKE to have a Suburban that gets better fuel economy .
That global warming that does n't exist has apparently drawn in a few marks , the U.S. Coast Guard is setting up a part time station to deal with the cruise ships and the tankers that are already beginning to ply Arctic waters .
Rather , it is a deliberate attempt to pander to the political & quot ; elite & quot ; as well as those who plundered Nigeria 's resources , with the sole purpose of & quot ; burying & quot ; the Naira .
The actions of Al-Qaeda have only served to promote the interests of the U.S. and Israel , which are clearly interested in & quot ; reshaping & quot ; the Middle East in such a way that they can more easily rape and plunder the region at will .
Plunk it there .
The trucks loaded with construction material and the taxies that ply up and down the road , once bristling with security check points , are sure signs of Aceh 's recovery .
This is Masonic racketeering on a grand scale and information is the means by which they plunder us all.If
The betting odds are 1-4 in favor of Labour , so you 'd have to plunk down a fair amount of money , but it does seem a good way to enhance one 's retirement account .
When you plunk down a substantial wad of cash , you like to know what you are getting .
Not everyone who is going to invest in VHFUHF operations is going to plunk down big bucks for pre-amps , high-power , and so on .
The inspector raj we are going to see is going to be far worse this time as the looters will have far more to plunder .
While David and his men have been gone , their bitter enemies , the Amalekites , have invaded their camp , captured their families , and plundered their camp .
I know an Irish periodontist who practiced in the US for 10 years then went back to Eire in 1993 to ply his craft .
Right now I have to plunk down huge amounts of gil to rent a Chocobo .
Plunk your magic twanger , froggy .
because I know that if he 's dumb enough to plunk down $ 15K in upgrades to a Neon , there is no way he knows how to drive .
But , if you plunk a chicken into a deep fryer , it remains & quot ; chicken. & quot ;
But , as Alexander Volokh points out , the Blackstone ratio as not gone unchallenged : Maimonides , for example , thought that 1000:1 was right ; Benjamin Franklin plumped for 100:1 and so on .
After movement , if a tribe is adjacent to an unplundered city , they may plunder it IF the amount of warriorhorsemen figures in the matching box is equal to the number of towers surrounding the city -LRB- two to five -RRB- .
You in Britain are good for nothing , you only plundered Europe. & quot ;
When he had the money saved up he went to the airport , plunked down his cash , and asked for a ticket .
There is only one person who has the licenses to ply the boats on the river .
The human immunodeficiency virus , which causes AIDS , plunders the immune system , leaving people vulnerable to a range of infections that may prove fatal .
We did n't come to conquer , or plunder , we came to help and then left .
If you plunked down the amount of money required for the feature set of an iPhone , 850 for the Zulu should be a non-issue to you .
Since this was the wild and wooly 70 's , I had to be careful that the hussies did n't ply me with booze andor drugs before attempting to board me .
Someone recently announced that they wanted to inmport some Indian ' put-put ' three-wheeled taxis to ply for hire in the middle of London -LRB- we already have a few pedal-powered rickshaws -RRB- ; I do n't know if that will ever come to pass .
grunge with classical flourishes plundered from Rachmaninov .
Then she plunks herself down at the other end .
wrote : I 've gotten a few replies , which I am thankful for , but I 'm hoping for a few more before I plunk my money on the table .
64 , conspired with a large number of dissolute young nobles to plunder the Roman treasury , extirpate the senate , and fire the capitol .
The Pindaris also attacked and plundered the region in the beginning of the Nineteenth Century .
The comradeship is so strong that there are those who feel they can even deviate from the norms that have been created at the checkpoint , which are perverted in any case .
Especially the MSVC implementation deviates in some cases ...
Even so , men often devalue this vital contribution , and usually have the power to expropriate it .
The fact remains that some ways in which people may deviate are damaging , while others are improvements in human behavior , and you may find both in any situation and you will not be able to show a causal relation by such confused multivariate causations .
He deviates from the idealistic point of view because he sees the potentials of failure or success in a more realistic line of attack .
wrote : I have n't seen it yet , but from the reviews I 've read so far it deviates from the original poem quite a bit .
It devalues the sacrifice our men and women are making on the battlefield every day .
Does it comply with the spirit of the XMDP spec -LRB- I know it slightly deviates from the letter -RRB- ?
On the flip-side , in order to benefit from these advantages , you ca n't deviate from the established canon of the setting .
I do n't know what came over them when they decided to deviate from the original designs .
Nobody with a brain in their head would so blatantly deviate from the consensus like that because there is no way you can lie to that group of morons and psychopaths about it .
Bechet does use the basic idea , but deviates far more from the original that Dodds .
IE , it 's OK to deviate from what they say , but it 's best to understand the implications so that you can come up with a successful recipe on your own .
So the only thing that 's existing in my mind is how people think that it 's ok to devalue a person because of the color of their skin ! ! ! !
He rarely twitches or flexes his muscles or in any way deviates from the posture he has assumed early on .
There 's also the possibility that there 's a person at the other end of the chat who is indeed smart enough to handle the question , but that person has strict orders not to deviate from the script under any circumstances .
This policy represents a U-turn for Iraq 's oil industry , which has been in the public sector for more than three decades , and would deviate from normal practice in the Middle East .
I do n't know but if you label every piece of undesirable email-type of communication spam , you devalue the meaning of the word .
Even though it officially deviates from the spec .
After a lot of deliberation , we have decided to deviate from the theme a little .
But the implementation we have in Leopard deviates quite a bit from the behavior that had been described previously .
If any relationship deviates from the math , the math will instantly be able to tell us that there is a deviation , and by how much .
plus other letters and attillas I wrote down the tears that the head of the nuclear industry in Russia stated with the reliance on the computors ability to do multiple equations every minuite of the dayin the hope that one answer fits the bill or at least it will if you add constants where it deviates from what you want !
It is my opinion that a refinishing solution will devalue an antique .
If you want to make money in investing , buy foreign companies because we have no idea how much these morons in DC will further devalue the greenback .
If the LOP 's curvature deviates unacceptably from the straight-line approximation , another -LRB- or even a different -RRB- calculation can be made .
The reason is that any reduction on the Fed funds rate will cause the USD to devalue even further and do even more damage .
& quot ; But for now , it seems useless to deviate from routine while the Katyusha , even if it was the first one to land so close to Netivot , landed in an open field and caused no damage .
Also , depending on circumstances , it might be convenient to present as a nice guy someone who deviates somewhat from the Standard Model of Niceness .
Then , Britain was forced to devalue its currency .
But even if they had , the khalifa would not have been able to deviate from the Quran and announce the separate Islam from politics .
If neither of those work , you 'll need to consult a glass expert to determine if the inside of the bowl should be repolished -LRB- which will devalue it , but at that point , it 's not a problem . -RRB-
In the same way , it makes no sense for a runner to deviate from the course and go for a stroll through the country .
While undertaking their analysis they observed that the results in FDS deviated , so far as the amount of LV required to limit back layering , when compared with the real test results .
Very few of the plays actually fall on the line , of course ; each one deviates from it to a greater or lesser extent .
Basically , the more it deviates from what 's in the box , the more it costs .
The script that I am working deviates completely from this example .
-Sterling I have n't seen it yet , but from the reviews I 've read so far it deviates from the original poem quite a bit .
The burden of proof is on the claim , especially when the claim deviates substantially from the norm .
However , there are times when you 'll find a table that deviates from that norm , and it 's up to you to identify it and adjust to it .
In this interview he confirms that everything I say about this case is the absolute truth and that I never deviate from the facts in any way .
In an attempt to explain how it could be that Taguba could deviate so far from the official line , one wag speculated that , for some reason , Taguba didnt get the memo .
Common sense suggested that something was going on and that the company was trying to devalue Ageia .
wrote : & lt ; snip I 've read all the books twice , and was cogniscent enough of where the film deviated from them .
Entropy -LRB- sensu Shannon -RRB- is a measure of the ensemble of messages that might be sent , not a measure of the message that is actually sent , no matter how much it deviated from the original .
At any moment it is possible to deviate from the path and then it is very difficult to reach liberation .
But Bendis writes them like they are retards which devalues the foundation of why they were necessary .
Perl often deviates from orthogonality for the sake of dwimmeries .
You will only be given a heading by ATC when they want you to deviate from your plan .
If a task deviates from a procedure , it should not be performed .
I tried to generate a tone of 1000 Hz that deviates 15 Hz six times a second .
This is the concensus currently and you do n't provide a good enough justification to deviate from it .
A trial and error approach devalues children .
As the Bush-Paulson plan to devalue the dollar goes into high-gear ; its shortcomings are becoming more obvious .
We have the Quraan and we believe on the Quraan that it is from Allah and free from any kind of error or contradiction BUT when the time comes to practice it , we try to deviate from it and start looking shortcuts .
For myself , now that I know which foods do what , I do n't deviate , so I rely more on spot-checking .
I guess that the splitter deviates the signal or something causing the software to NOT SEE the device !
This immediately devalues anything you have to say .
However , this week I am going to deviate from my normal topic and write an article or two about Sit-n-Goes -LRB- SNGs -RRB- because I am currently in the middle of a SNG challenge .
But even that does not properly describe the result , because for some reason , with $ 35,000 in chips , he decided , for the first time in the tournament , to deviate from The System .
Lukas Mariman wrote : & lt ; snip I 've read all the books twice , and was cogniscent enough of where the film deviated from them .
-LSB- al-Hilya of Abu Nu'aym 2218 -RSB- In these narrations is clear evidence that the way of salvation and safety is to closely follow the Sunnah of our Prophet -LRB- sallallhu alahi wa-sallam -RRB- , and not to deviate from his path , denying the guidance of others , not accepting a corrupted form of the Sunnah .
If they had been allowed to deviate a bit more , it might have worked better .
If you do not believe this sample to be random , explain the ways in which it deviates from randomness , and why .
It never deviates or it would not be a solar return .
Also , one might say that because it only deviates from pointing to due north by a fraction of an amount , that this is an amazing feat .
So for the time being , I think I will go with & quot ; soil & quot ; -- unless somebody has a better word that does n't deviate from & quot ; choku & quot ; too terribly .
However , it should be noted that throughout the years , some of the construction in the settlement deviated from the area of the expropriated lands. & quot ;
Even if the dollar continues to devalue , our real estate is a bargain that can not be passed up by the world 's boomers .
It may well be DMT that makes people who have near death experiences & quot ; see god , & quot ; but I do n't think that really devalues them in any way .
If you have two days in a row that deviates from the above indicators , then you should call your pediatrician immediately .
As soon as their message deviates from the interests of the state , they are quickly demoted to the ranks of relegated intellectuals .
Hello , The report below on resistance , among US active-duty troops to the war in Iraq deviates from the usual subject matter of this listserve .
Then devalue what I said , true as it was , as a further truth .
Clearly , a delinquently downconverted microprocessor is the discriminator , if a coroutine , which deviates monolithically a quadrature AGC , counterbalances the downconverted intermodulation .
I know when they deviate from the truth and by how much .
If the rest of the population wants to deviate from meritocracy , it 's natural that what maximizes one 's profit is not what maximizes productivity as a whole .
It would take a lot more than it took George Soros to devalue the pound , but same principle .
It is very rigid but it does retain value , I would even say that there would be no need for Congress to set the value of a dollar , money would not deviate in value .
Maniac215 huffed and puffed and posted this message : What does anything about any of the fighters in Naruto have to do with Ninjas ?
I did n't know what to do it and just puffed on them and blew the smoke out of my mouth .
Its in pretty good shape , I drove it today , the only thing I noticed was the brakes pulsated really bad , and when in 4 wheel , it sounded like universals were sqeaking .
If you try and pulse it as it says you 'll end up with something half pureed and half unchopped .
To the cigarette smoker , the clouds he puffs out seem to represent a part of himself .
Measurements indicate that at full speed , I get 360mv across the resistor , and it pulses to -200mv at 440 Hz .
He stands taller and puffs out his chest .
I did n't mean it in a horrible way , I just meant that staking steroids can puff you up so badly .
If they make a derisory offer , they have no customers for WE417A at those prices and are simply trying to puff up a market out of thin air .
Like the wizard , he huffs and puffs in an attempt to maintain bamboozlement in the Land of Oz .
I huffed , I puffed and I tried to cover my mouth , but I sneezed a great sneeze .
During this process the roti should puff up to several times it 's size , like this : http : sherlyisaac.comimagessherly-isaac-Phulka-Roti % 20-Chapati-Ind ...
Hydration can be as high as 85 % and while you wo n't be able to shape it , you will be able to get really big holes without it flattening on you even though the dough will seem flat before you bake it , it will puff up in the oven .
McKellen puffs out his chest .
& quot ; If you go to World Trade Center One , nine minutes before its collapse , there was a line of smoke that puffed out .
I was specifically responding to the part where you said I have never seen so many people puff their chests up about how good work they do , and then have no self esteem to think that they can pass the test .
She smiled and puffed up her chest .
She puffs away on a cigarette , grins , and tosses her shoulder-length blond hair .
& quot ; There ai n't nobody who 's beyond the reach of the Hokobi clan , & quot ; the man said proudly and puffed up his chest .
I 'm thinking the pump , since it also pulsated before I did any work , but it does n't make any noise or anything .
River , however , puffed up her chest , glared at him and placed one hand on his chest , pushing him away .
Well I huffed , and I puffed and OH if I did n't sneeze one heck of a sneeze .
Ask her if the wolf huffs and puffs first or if the house blows down firsst , for example .
A couple of times when I 've been parking the vette in front of the house , live on a small hill , and i 'm creeping up to the neighbors car with my foot lightly on the brake , something triggers the ABS , it pulsates and pedel goes to the floor , along with car rolling forward .
It pulses , as the kid who has left a drawing room .
The best bit is what appears to be a plane flying into a futuristic version of the twin towers while he nonchalantly puffs on his cigar and enjoys the suit he lifted from a funeral home .
Then he comes back and huffs and puffs some more .
But if you pulse and are on acti-gall you have a better chance of no problems .
So , he puffs himself as though he knows something not given to the general public or a mere parent to understand , and he pontificates that mere knowledge is & quot ; not as important & quot ; as being able to apply that knowledge .
I 've done this with RC servos and printer & quot ; burn & quot ; pulses up to 13 at once .
I have a 1988 XJ40 , and like yours -- it puffs blue smoke in the morning .
I still kept a one-size-up suit as a sort of talisman -- also in case I puff up at just the wrong time , i.e .
In this way the mother frog gradually puffed up her body more and more and each time the baby-frog would continue to tell her , much bigger , much bigger .
the essencial , the 1 step is transform 220 VAC to 315VDC and then a MOSFET will pulse the 300VDC at 50KHz to a transformer that out 5V at secudary , the problem is that tranformer giver out 8V and do n't work. .
As he raced , he grimaced , bared his teeth , grinned , puffed out his cheeks , talked to his car , and patted it now and then .
Hang Tuff Do n't Puff FlatironMike Six months , three weeks , 19 hours , 20 minutes and 10 seconds .
Oh , and let 's not forget that Roden would have the world believe that he did not originally use All Hallows to puff his own Ashtree publications -LRB- whoch he blatantly did -RRB- , and nor did he and his wife approve of Ramsey Campbell puffing the work of new crony on the block Joe Hill this time last year .
I have never seen so many people puff their chests up about how good work they do , and then have no self esteem to think that they can pass the test .
True dominants do n't need to puff up and get all snarky to prove their position .
The exhaust pulsates and propels the boat , but no put-put sound .
Hang Tuff Do n't Puff You are doing well with your quit overall and you know you do n't want to go back to sickerettes !
Sometimes I think she puffs up with pride dressed as she is .
His personality pulsates in every word .
Just make sure you do n't puff to have the joys of quitting all over again haha .
It 's interesting to see how people puff themselves up on usenet .
I did this a few years back with a set that would pulse on and off , sometimes in the middle of the night -LRB- frightening ! -RRB- .
The Western brand of astrology is only a small part of the picture , although as practitioners of it we tend to puff it up as though it 's the only relevant part .
One replicates the negativity in one 's own mind , the better to puff it up and discreate .
If he ca n't get you puffed up through pride , he 'll try to bring you down through fear .
Hang tuff , do n't puff and know that we are all behind you with the BDU in tow .
So in the meantime he goes on the floor when he puffs .
It seems like they 've taken every classroom anime , anime that have a classroom scene in it , and a few other anime , put them in a blender , pulsed it , and then took what got flung onto the walls and made an anime out of that .
I 'm aware that European and North American flourescent lights pulse at different frequencies , which makes it difficult to shoot normal-looking video unless you 've got the right kind of cam .
There will just be a few fibers under the applique , certainly not enough to puff it out in any way .
It puffs the bag right up .
Mr. Truong , IMHO , you puff a great deal as many people in marketing do .
Hang Tuff Do n't Puff FlatironMike Six months , three weeks , two days , 12 hours , 35 minutes and 25 seconds .
-LRB- Fine sand has been suggested , which might puff up like the white & quot ; smoke , & quot ; but I ca n't see how the sand would leave the white smears on the road . -RRB-
That tapioca coating makes it puff up a bit , and gives that really good , if not better , texture that pitas have .
And he huffed , and he puffed , and he blew the house down .
He would always go up to it and try to move it around and he would puff up at the site of it .
He 'd have to be blind and stupid not to see the fire that passed in the kid 's eyes , or the way his chest puffed up .
A diaphragmatic vibrato is the when the diaphragm pulsates during a sustained tone to create a false vibrato .
In the meantime the RT will attempt to puff a little air into her lungs and see what happens .
02 ranger , 5spd , 3.0L 200,000kms when i start it in the morning , and give it a little shot of gas , it puffs a circle of soot on whatever is near , today was my retaining wall , yesterday was teh side of my shed. .
The flashing psychedelic & quot ; light bar & quot ; that pulsed to the music of the radiotapes .
The science of the day did n't know how a chain reaction might envelope unforseen reactions that would permeate our atmosphere .
Fearful of its access to the powerful , and defensive about its status in the high school social culture that permeates the capital of the Free World , much of the press has forgotten its responsibility to the public and the Constitution .
A rancid clammy smell permeates the room , the taste of vomit in the throat , then .
However , I do n't have to agree with them , or like it , and I do n't have to allow this false doctrine to permeate our society unanswered .
Although the amount of such explosives is measured in the millions of tons , it is the 20 tons of explosives and the few thousand rifles that permeate the Israeli consciousness .
can plaster to a certain extent but I want the rough edges taken off my skills so to speak and I 'm sure that there are lots of tricks of the trade of which I have no knowledge .
what if we go public with this ; plaster it all over the internet .
From what I 've seen , that battle tends to permeate much of his writing .
A trading fort was built on Kauai and the way was open for Russian influence and trade to permeate the Hawaiian economy and society as the English and Americans were to do in OT .
It permeates other spheres of the abuser 's life as well .
I do not want my visage plastered all over the Internet .
I do n't know how thick your acrylate film is , but methanol may be better able to permeate into the acrylate than
As you know , I feel that you are a valuble contributor to this War On Alt.Drugs.Hard and the sick mindset that permeates the atmosphere here .
We may be sitting on the brink of a major shift in thinking about the carbon cycle and climate change , one that would permeate throughout the broad geoscience community .
First , I start with making the heads only & quot ; wet & quot ; with the alcohol and let it permeate ino the dust .
The Aether was expected to permeate all of space around the earth and light was expected to move at different speed demanding on the direction it was travelling .
What bothers me is that it seems to permeate what the new OC is doing too .
Yet he was successful : Stukeley 's ideas permeated so deeply , much of what is the common understanding of the Druids is , in fact , Stukeley regurgitated - - ie baseless .
Fear petrifies the human spirit .
But Sony , as well as others , have insisted that they are not interested in going to the low price model that permeates the SD DVD market today .
More than a year later , the rancor that permeated the hotel suite has continued to define CCPOA 's negotiations with the state .
I 've been told it was air in chinese , but it also means a life force that permeates the entire universe. . recently
This Vital Energy permeates the entire universe and what we inhale and exhale is the fragment of it .
For instance , what about new technologies that have yet to permeate the practice in a field ?
The Vaasthu shastras address the energy contained in the Earth as , Vaasthu Purusha , where purusha means subtle energy that permeates the Earth and Vaasthu is the material body of the Earth , evolved out of the energy .
This theme permeates the LOTR , from Bilbo 's free choice whether or not to kill Smeagol , to Gandalf 's insistance on not using any sort of force to sway Frodo .
It is so small , that it permeates the universe .
There 's ANOTHER unexploited & quot ; free & quot ; energy source - the radio waves which permeate every millimeter of this planet .
As I think of this area of my life , I ask my soul to permeate this area with its note of joy .
In empty space , the Higgs field acquires a non-zero value , which permeates every place in the universe at all times .
The aether must permeate everything , it is everywhere by its own definition .
Oddly enough , their daughter is an honor student , but they do n't see fit to plaster that on the truck .
The Malay 's tendency to run amok is one of the many racialised beliefs that permeate the Malaysian consciousness to this day .
In other words , Laarmann makes Stefan human , unlike the one-sidedly bleak worldview which permeates the film .
The same sense of mission permeated his speech at the National Endowment of Democracy yesterday .
So duress permeates everything that happens there .
the smell would permeate the house .
That is exactly the mother of all of their fears and it is exactly the kind of story the media loves to plaster all over the place .
it permeates everything .
Most of the authors have their own sense of what makes collaboration work , and these views permeate the book .
Score a whole skinned chicken to allow flavours to permeate .
I have a sense that I can see the space that permeates what eyes see .
words that permeate each s entence andor the reference to the events that the writers have participated in themselves , so just end up giving up .
Truth permeates the universe , and that is why there are so many parallels in and on different worlds .
This message , indeed , should permeate all of us .
Not only for the reason that the Church was able to proclaim him Doctor a short time after his death , or because he is the author of the Etymologies , but because knowledge permeated his whole being .
For some , an awareness of this exit strategy permeates the enterprise , allowing them to skimp on the niceties they would more or less have to extend toward a person they were likely to meet again .
For politics permeate more widely than any other force , and reach every one of us , soon or late , to teach or to debauch .
Those themes permeate the album because of Springsteen 's vocals .
We call people & quot ; institutionalised & quot ; if they 've adapted so completely to life in an institution that they can no longer function & quot ; outside & quot ; ; I do n't see a problem with extending that description to attitudes that permeate the institution .
He did not , and proceeded to drag two of the students with him so that he was about 5 meters up , with two of the students plastered to the rock .
I 'm making this point not to change your mind , which is clearly impossible , but to alert other readers to just one of the many logical fallacies that permeate your rants .
A musty smell permeates most of the building 's upper floors .
-LRB- ... -RRB- in a definite Darwinian sense , traceable from & lt ; gene-level preservation traits that permeate the mass-psychology of the group .
The problem that faces every one of us , the great challenge of life itself , is how to release those attributes , how to liberate them so that they can permeate and determine our way of life .
Water can permeate through the dialysis tubing , but perfluorooctane ca n't .
Tantra and Yoga permeate Hindu mythology , such as in the epic poem , The Mahabharata , and one of its most important narratives , the Bhagavad-Gita .
the old boreholes i have now are all empty , clean as a whistle which leads me to think it does permeate into the bricks .
This simply means -- as an anticipatory echo of how the world will appear after the Redemption -- that holiness should permeate all of a person 's activities , including his physical activities , to the point that he is prepared to sacrifice the innermost core of his soul .
Let this change permeate from person to family , to state and nation as a whole .
Dont'ya know how that kind of erroneousness petrifies me ?
Everywhere you look there 's an irides - cense that surrounds and permeates everything .
The Five principles , as seen in nature , are parts of what the Dark Force IN Nature does , as it permeates and motivates all of nature .
We will let the focus of giving thanks permeate our time together .
There 's actually a line of pricey motorhomes how with Race'n plastered all over the back .
It is a barrier for medicine to permeate the prostate .
But it is part and parcel of the lack of respect for human life that seems to permeate Chinese political will , extending to their trade dealings with the West .
you have hit on one idiosyncrasy that seems to permeate Americana ... .
In many respects Steve 's experiences of life in Northern Ireland were no different from lots of people who live here , people who all too often believe that the sectarian climate that fuelled the Troubles and continues to permeate our society has nothing to do with them .
The smell is overwhelming and when she defecates , the smell permeates the entire house .
Security will permeate all over the earth and even a few ladies will be able to fulfil their hajj without the company of men. & quot ;
The smell of certain foods certainly does permeate everywhere .
It 's one of those & quot ; unfair advantage & quot ; rules like the ones that seem to permeate NASCAR .
It has been conceived - and plastered on to billboards , into newspapers and posted to every home in a direct mailshot - by the Swiss People 's Party -LRB- the Schweizerische Volkspartei or SVP -RRB- which has the largest number of seats in the Swiss parliament and is a member of the country 's coalition government .
They are also extremely rare and very difficult to excavate in the U.S. & quot ; The pipes manufactured in the 18th century were mostly from London or Bristol , England , and were brought to the U.S. by immigrants .
If it recurrs then they will excise the whole gland on the RHS of my face .
This is a common type of cancer , and we need to recognize this and use whatever is necessary to excise it .
It is understood that the raindrop reservoir of the troll must suffer in capacity to the plan of government it has to extinguish .
That would be more evident had you not excised the crap to which I was responding , but of course you had to leave that out in order to climb up on your high horse and sound superior .
It is not certain that Mr. Putin wants to extinguish all independent thought .
Valamoti and her team excavated four homes at a Neolithic site called Dikili Tash .
Diebold and the dubious voting machines Voting-machine company Diebold apparently excised long paragraphs detailing the US security industry 's concerns over the integrity of their voting machines , and information about the company 's chief executive 's fundraising for President Bush .
The Vista fire Department extinguished the blaze before it grew out of control , the statement said .
But we lose something in the world when we have to excise all imagery of children , their innocence and joy from our world , in order to protect them .
Simela PantzartziANA Water-dropping aircraft yesterday attempt to extinguish a fire that broke out at the foot of Mount Hymettus , eastern Athens .
It only takes a few minutes to appupriately extinguish any behavior , but you 've got to know HOWE .
Then I took him from it and extinguished it with my hands , which made the evening news .
For the miners are accustomed to excavate , a distance of eight or more stadia from the city , below the river , about thirty cubits of more .
Would n't it be more deflational to excise beliefs where we can ?
If he 'd 've done it , he 'd 've found a way to extinguish it before it threatened to turn them all crispy .
Mine is buried under the concrete floor , so I would have to excavate .
It erupted in flame as soon as the nacelle cowls were dropped , but we extinguished it with ground extinguishers .
The suspect 's son , a firefighter , was killed earlier this year while trying to extinguish a factory blaze , according to police .
An occultation happens when the Moon passes in front of a star , so it appears to extinguish it .
The White House excised a number of passages from an op-ed in the New York Times that talked about the history of this administration 's secret negotiations with Iran .
Though , the more you excavate facts about the job , before accepting or rejecting the offer , the chances will be high that you are going for the right choice .
The doctor excises the biopsy and does n't stitch up the wound site to preserve healthy tissue for a week or more before he gives me the results of HIS exam .
The reason for this is that the owner of the house is treated as paying off part of the debt with the FMV of the house ; however , because the debt is a personal liability , the transfer of the house does not extinguish the remainder of the debt , which continues to be a personal liability of the owner .
Its quality would be recognized a few years later by Fairport Convention , who did their own fine version in 1968 for the BBC ; Fairport must have been major Everlys fans , as they excavated another under-recognized Everlys classic , & quot ; Some Sweet Day & quot ; -LRB- from It 's Everly Time -RRB- , for the BBC that year as well .
I excise my kegged lagering Maibock from the temp-controlled chest freezer -LRB- it 's ready anyhow -RRB- and put the 2 cornies in the kegerator .
Thus little by little , it extinguishes their spirits and enervates their souls ... .
wrote : You 're probably right , you ca n't excise an entire category -LRB- unless you 've budgeted for entertainment and vacations , in which case that should be the first to go to zero -RRB- , but I suspect you need to look first at the areas of large expense which for most people are housing and cars .
Just like the Helenists , they are trying to extinguish the flames of the Jewish soul. & quot ;
If you did n't extinguish the flame , you 'd have good luck for a full year .
My family practice doctor was going to excise it and although I have a very high level of confidence in him , I posted asking if I should be referred to a surgeon .
You have to be careful what you extinguish .
While he admits he occasionally frets about the fact he has a cancer he has n't tried to excise , LePoidevin believes he has made the right choice for himself .
The area of the quarry which has been uncovered is likely only thirty to forty percent of its total size , but archaeologists have no immediate plans to excavate the rest of the area because it is private property .
It extinguishes the small ; it inflames the great .
When trying to get a behavior to extinguish it is extremely important to identify ALL reinforcers and eliminate them .
You 're paying attention to the new behavior and letting the old one go , so the old one extinguishes .
Father , extinguishes the thirst of our poverty. .
Now , archaeologists are finally hoping to excavate tens of thousands of scrolls , which may include lost works by Aristotle , Sophocles and Catullus .
You needed to return the pendant to which explains it like that & quot ; Rumor is that a personal item of a ghost 's may be used to draw it out or excise it from its haunt. & quot ; and she wants to use the pendant to & quot ; remove a particularly burdensome spirit from a property I 'm looking to invest in. & quot ;
The two other media are about to finish their investigations , and according to our sources , the White House exerts pressures so that they extinguish the business .
He said that we had to extinguish the lights of the world , and when we would see the lights of New York go out , we would know that our job was done. & quot ;
But manyIraqis were , and still are , convinced that the memory lobotomy was intentional - part of Washington 's plans to excise the strong , rooted nation that was andreplace it with their own model .
If you wish to preserve those lines from this fire then you may want to excavate them to a safe distance .
Here 's one of Oxford 's lines that Looney excised : The Lord Chiefe Iustice yet sumthinge he hathe done owt of his owne brest that ys secret and i can not lerne , yf he have reported nothinge to eschete to her magestie .
They tell you that if you accidentally start a fire and you have n't managed to extinguish it in the first minute , you 're probably not going to be able to and you should get help immediately .
After ordering his men to dismount and extinguish the fires , he noticed a lieutenant sitting on his horse and asked him why he did n't help .
A flashlight shone in one corner of a dark room does not extinguish the rest of the room-we just ca n't SEE it .
Would n't it be more & quot ; deflational & quot ; to excise beliefs where we can ?
;- -RRB- Your quote , which you neatly excised from this post , could be interpreted several different ways ; and humorous was only one of them .
You have done nothing that extinguishes others ' rights to use the land .
The present Tatmadaw Government extinguished the conflicts or fire that could not be extinguished at the time of previous Governments .
You 're probably right , you ca n't excise an entire category -LRB- unless you 've budgeted for entertainment and vacations , in which case that should be the first to go to zero -RRB- , but I suspect you need to look first at the areas of large expense which for most people are housing and cars .
This made me into a meany , but it also extinguished the whining .
Sure -- and then anyone who excavates for some other reason has to know where to find them .
And you can also excise the .topmenuseparator
I know it is to extinguish a fire but how old could they be and what are they worth ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
A non-canonical splicing would be one which does something other than to excise a single intron .
I feel that we 're in a times of not looking to how to extinguish lives , but rather how to save lives .
I let them excise all of it -LRB- I 'd felt the noduals -RRB- in the hope it will prevent any more abccesses down there .
This is really not a true statement because it is necessary to excavate many hundreds of feet into the ground before a high-rise building can be constructed .
This ritual harkens back to the days when Samhain was one of only two days - the other being Beltaine-when it was considered correct to extinguish the & quot ; hearth fire & quot ; and then to re-light it .
When the new bankruptcy bill was passed by Congress last spring , bankers predicted it would turn many people away from the protection of the courts by making it harder to extinguish debt .
In front of Troina , as he mingled with Big Red One troops , even his most inspired butt-kicking did not seem to work .
In fact , I am VERY appreciative that a scientist of her caliber would take the time to mingle with us rank amateurs and put up with our pet theories .
Oh , sorry , I did n't mean to misdirect anyone .
Then you can mist the plant 2x a week .
They put the boats inside to protect them from the high seas -- it did n't look like there was a good place to moor them in the water !
SRAM muddies the three functions up even more than STI .
Next time you get it started reve it up a LITTLE , after it 's warm , and mist some water into the carb .
It 's like a family in there and I love to get to mingle with ya 'll .
If a part could have been formed by flattening a piece of tubing , I think they CNC milled it instead .
So this muddies the waters as to what is concours and what is not .
They mingled , in a strange way - but that was years ago .
Well , she told her two friends , I think I 'll go mingle a little bit and see what I can come up with for Mark later on .
I trained a Malemute , much more stubborn than a Shepherd or a Schnauzer not to kill or menace cats and it did n't take all that long .
The only thing that would mellow him out : a line of coke .
And that is where you can mingle in the discussion .
People like to mingle with their own kind , accept it .
Otherwise , the person would be recruited as an agent , or even just as a friend , with whom to mingle and listen .
It 's been sitting with a tank of gas with StaBil in it , and I misted the cyl heads , but I got ta think the oil has turned into something really bad , not sure if I should drain it first even though cold , then do the first oil change ?
The Sephardim never engaged in chaffering occupations nor in usury , and they did not mingle with the lower classes .
The field was dry enough , so I walked out to the edge of the water in the center of the field to get some better photographs of the Pelicans , who were totally not concerned with me as they rested and milled around by a large pool of water in the center of the field north of the Pumphouse road .
I archivally misted them to protect them when they went into storage .
Seems that I felt it mellowed a bit with perhaps a touch of HF rolloff .
& quot ; I did n't really mingle with the audience so I 'm not sure who was out there , & quot ; she confides .
The idea was to misdirect the Germans into thinking there was something important behind it .
34 : Right Honourable , 35 : Whilst we studie to be thankful in our particular , for 36 : the many fauors we haue receiued from your L.L 37 : we are falne vpon the ill fortune , to mingle 38 : two the most diuerse things that that can bee , feare , 39 : and rashnesse ; rashnesse in the enterprize , and 40 : feare of the successe .
-Motivate them to mingle with others .
I milled the rest of the mortises without the bit rising out of the collet .
Keep the lipo out of these tests , it just muddies the results .
The only issue is whether you believe it more likely that they included the statement to misdirect the audience or if they included the statement to foreshadow the story .
They go to the right places , they mingle with the right crowds , and they say the right things .
We began the day with trying to get the two groups mingle with each other .
Some folks who happen to have a Chop Rite grinder motorize it , but they are very dangerous ...
Thy name rouses the hearts ofPunjab , Sind , Gujarat and Maratha , Of the Dravida and Orissa andBengal ; It echoes in the hills of the Vindhyasand Himalayas , mingles in the music of Yamuna andGanga and is chanted by the waves of the Indian Sea .
I did not like to mingle in a crowd so I was not much interested to go .
When the coin mellows to look like this ; http : showcase.netins.netwebbillsdqandcoinsSilvereagle1988.JPG
There are left exits on the HOV lanes which are on the inside of the highway -LRB- a place that tose of us in the sticks would have a median -RRB- ; heaven forbid if the environmentally correct in their carpool andor hybrid and on their high horse have to mingle with the rest of us to enterexit the freeway ... .
Shujaat was also used to misdirect the people of Jamia Hafsa .
When you mingle with meditation practitioners long enough , you can expect to hear them refer to the eightfold path , as codified in the Yoga-Sutra of Patanjali .
Going to Sequoia or Yosemite is a once a year thing for me , when I think , & quot ; Gosh , the parks are so close , I have the free pass and I really should go over there and mingle with the mob of tourists. & quot ;
Their purpose is to mingle with the real witnesses in order to find out who knows too much .
Likewise , Bush promised that Iraq 's alleged & quot ; weapons of mass destruction & quot ; -LRB- which existed only in his own fevered imagination -RRB- would be tracked down , again implying that Iraq posed a threat to the interests and security of the U.S. , just as Bonaparte had claimed that the Mamluks menaced France .
As to the commander , I suspect that when he grows up and has to pay for his own internet access he will mellow out some .
In this meeting , all spiritual people , they appeared and sat in this association , in order to be completed and ready to mingle with people to prepare for the time of Mahdi alayhissalam .
There is of course the slight problem that the Polynesians did n't keep written records , and the first generation of Europeans to mingle with them , did n't keep terribly good records .
However , the best way to be certain is to treat the current coat of Alclad as a base coat and mist a full coat of your choice over it .
While China 's North Korean vassal menaced the United States and Japan with a threatened missile launch this week , China 's Prime Minister Wen Jiabao conducted a five-day , seven-nation tour of Africa that showcased his country 's competitive advantages over the United States and other Western countries .
He spent his youth working his father 's farm , He moved around the country , eventually arriving in Edinburgh , where he mingled in the illustrious circles of the artists and writers who were agog at the & quot ; Ploughman Poet. & quot ;
There are much more sophisticated was to misdirect a link .
My suspicion is that what they did was this : 1-build the new midships in the dock 2-float it out of the dock and moor it 3-pull the T-2 tanker into the dock and cut off the bow and stern 4-pull the old midships out of the dock 5-push the new midships back into the dock 6-reconnect the bow and stern My only question is how they moved the bow out of the way .
In other words , the CBN misdirected the nation into expending colossal amount in the production of the N1,000 note and within less than two years of introduction , it has to be phased out .
However , the Standard muddies the waters by saying : 14.8.19.3.6.a.3
However , the next time you use the car , it mists up as soon as you start .
Does anyone here have a Wii , Miis , and have them set to mingle ?
He went there from time to time to mingle with the Indians .
That 's the hardest part , but if you have another trick to do next , you can take the time to work them out of the deck if you can misdirect them , and think it
They also have nothing to do with history , appearing to mingle stuff from several cultures .
Now , America is bogged down in an unwinnable civil war , and Al Qaeda has regained enough strength to once again menace the United States.11
Tomorrow , I 'll open the door and let them mingle with the community .
Epicoene - Ben Jonson With such we mingle neither braines , nor brests ; our wishes , like to those make publique feasts , Are not to please the COOKES tastes , but the guestes .
When she did ' Namaste ' to father , I thought I saw his eyes mist up .
It 's an opportunity for employees to mingle and & quot ; let down their hair. & quot ;
What we see now in the increase of UFO activity is a return of the Nephilim to reclaim the Earth and will probably have their & quot ; new & quot ; species with them to mingle with us and be able to function like us .
It misdirects .
Personally , I do n't like to mist , but your orchids are growing well for you so if it ai n't broke do n't fix it .
Of course , there are a few things to muddy the waters .
Sadr 's Mahdi Army menaced the demonstrators and fired gunshots in the air .
a Sociologist , if I can help you all in analysing contemporary social systemsDramatismDefence-mechanismcritical gapsmaladminstration etc , it will be a pleasure for me to mingle my voice with you all.It
It was brought to my attention that I misdirected a link on the cdarta.com
In addition , if he mingled his money with hers after the marriage , there 's a good chance that it is community property .
If you put the input hose on a timer to mist once or twice a day , you would n't have to worry about filling a reservoir .
We do n't want to create a fighting arena , but it would be wonderful if we could bring them in occasionally , to mingle with the rest of the family .
It is the same wealth that is now used to menace , cajole , and bribe our new democracy .
Security guards with unholstered guns menaced workers engaged in sit-downs .
If the former , it muddies the situation .
To work hard and slog in a state of fasting is completely different from fasting in normal circumstances when you are satiated and your thirst quenched .
You need to handpick andor prepare your people , just like the Chinese did with their war with India , when they quartered thousands of troops on the Tibetan plateau for months to get them ready to go even higher .
Opened the box and found that it only pulses a single landing light -- and I 've got two .
5:19 -22 V.19 : & quot ; Do not quench the Spirit .
I have a good idea how to do it , just take a transmiter and pulse it at a certain speed with a 555 but how do I get my reciever to only regonize that certain speed , a filter , a tone detector ?
Not that which cold drink quenches thirst is not satya ka gyan because this world is a-stya only ishwar is satya .
It might be dangerous to pulverize the coal before putting it in the tender .
2 . Pulse the LEDs so that only half of them are on at any given time , so quickly that the flicker will not be noticeable .
Montoya won his first Nascar race , only after he punted his teamate that was leading ...
Better yet is to complain to their ISP and get Top Poster punted .
I do n't remember all the details , but I bet Rusty could tell you right off the top of his head who punted him when and how many times .
In the 20-19 win over the Bearcats , McBriar punted a season-high six times .
Yes , I would consider that better , but it sort of seems like it punts on the actual issue .
If 99 % of the population then goes against the 1 % of the gedolim , at what point do they punt out the gedolim ?
It sounds like he punted me to a different department .
NevadaU.S.A. secretly pulverizes Afghanistan and Iraq.MQ-1
The sun is shining , it 's Friday , I 've done my training , Long Tom Roodt is back in the country , there will be a lot of thirst quenched this weekend , and Sipho Faeces-face Nshlovo is one mini-bus short of a taxi !
In the past century we have offered our oil to quench the thirst of the developed countries , while our peoples in Asia , Africa and Latin America stagnate in under-development , misery and backwardness , he added .
To me , Bush really did n't care about the whole thing and punted , letting NASA and the status quo continue on for the next two or three decades .
The firetrucks have what amounts to a strobe light mounted on their roofs ; it pulses light in a specific pattern , and a photodetector mounted on the light pole overrides the signal and turns it green in the direction of the strobe light .
I got to pulverize full cans of PBR with a Thompson .
They almost punted last night 's game and tonight , they just ca n't stand prosperity so far .
There 's not a huge performance step from a TSpark to a 2.5V6 and I know which one I 'd want to punt along a twisty road .
Oddly enough , the sandwiches were very neat and , I think , quartered .
OXF : Tis best to looke to this betimes , For if this fire doe kindle any further , It will be hard for vs to quench it out .
They do n't respect us so let 's surprise them ; We 'll drop the big one and pulverize them .
Notice as soon as he punted Ambrose , Espn refused to put the car on air , which told me Nascar had already called .
I agree , but Rocca ca n't punt directionally ; touchbacks will suffice .
They were all found guilty , all hanged , drawn , and quartered : some , in St. Paul 's Churchyard , on the top of Ludgate-hill ; some , before the Parliament House .
I might have been biten , but it would n't have been able to pulverize the bones in my arm or leg and mame me for life .
He sipped real recognition from the ocean of Wilayat and quenched the thirst of the followers of Wilayat .
Punting Ambrose I understand , but it ended any chance he had at an appeal , but he also kept the guy who punted him from winning as well .
But if you promise not to pulverize me too badly in the process then , yes , I think I would like to try to defend the statement .
You punted .
And the other side - including some Senators who had helped to draft the resolution , and had put their names on it - punted the ball down field , rather than giving the people of this country the debate they not only need , but are calling for in every public opinion poll .
Ped only punted Hayden once.As
IR Punts to the price of the system .
& quot ; To begin , the head should be cut in half , or even quartered .
They play and rough-house all the time and the dog does n't over-do it even though it 's obvious that the Lab could pulverize the cat if she wanted to .
If I do this , will they just pulse when the sound activates them ?
In my case I would have been hind and quartered .
I think it is because we are looking to punt Lovell if we can before Friday .
When the meter pulses seven times , you remove the jumper and the counter is reset .
& quot ; The American people know this is an individual right the way they know that water quenches their thirst , & quot ; LaPierre said .
The acceleration today is higher than any time since the CMBR quenched .
-- & quot ; Large amounts of money tend to quench any scruples I might be having. & quot ;
As Yammy pulverizes Urahara , he explains what the bala attack is .
But I must admit , it would be fun after they took the shots and punted the item all over the place , got a real good & quot ; promised & quot ; price then came back to buy the item ... .
It 's new and it absolutely pulverizes Price 's program .
The need to obey , to carry out the command to rush to him , sang and pulsed in her mind , blocking out all other thoughts .
About half way through the race he punted the car in front of him ... twice !
the chaste is my mother , and my father is the onewho destroyed the unbelievers at Badr and Hunayn , andwho took part at the battle of Uhud , which quenched thethirst of one of the two armies.1I
You are able to quench those who thirst , and to refresh those who are tired , simply because it is you and you are part of the ONE , you are able to do so. .
He quartered troops in Rhode Island in 1780-81 .
So I understand why you punted rather than apply the same standard to him that you did to Steyn .
He went down the well and quenched his thirst .
Just hijacked the boat and punted into the water at the islands of hyacinth .
Ankarstroem was executed in a savage manner after a public flogging , by decapitation , his body quartered .
Once you 've done that set up the 4046 to lock on the tone of interest , use the VCO drive as a frequency reading and -LRB- if it 's pure enough -RRB- the lock pulses to tell you if the tone is really there .
I really do n't know much about how they work together as a team other than when the sensors notice that the wheels have stopped during a braking episode , the computer pulses the brake that has stopped .
Those auditions may be limited and tough to judge , though , because it 's impossible to know how many times opponents will punt or what personnel they 'll put on the field when they do .
I eventually punted and packed a generic sort of toybag , with some of this , some of that , some of the other thing , and the usual assortment of stuff that has permanent residence in the bag .
They have tried to quench the will of the poor majority of Haiti and tried to change the rules of the game because they 've lost in elections .
These switches are NO , and grounded via brown wires .
Here is what I did orginally I pulled out each wire out one at a time and externally installed a spark plug and grounded the plug , I did not see any spark .
While his nationalism was obnoxious -- totalitarian , racist , and grounded largely in fantasy -- it seems to have been sincere .
There are plenty of nit - picking arguments to get into with someone else whose education and temperament so inclines them .
that the pervert inclines in some particular manner to the world of art .
That is why they virtually never need any kind of shielding , etc. Unless the OP has one side of his speaker locally grounded -LRB- which would be truly bizzare -RRB- , there is no ground loop possible .
It is part of human nature to incline toward lying when one lacks a great deal of education , knowledge and discipline .
The pre-accident compensation decision of Smith v Auckland Hospital Board -LSB- 1965 -RSB- NZLR 191 -LRB- CA -RRB- inclines against the doctrine of informed consent being part of New Zealand law .
Missouri -LRB- site of the Japanese surrender in 1945 -RRB- grounded a half - mile inland from Chesapeake Bay .
I suspect that the OP has the cap grounded somewhere convenient and was n't switching it 's ground along with the LED 's cathode .
The Spirit would lead us towards God , but all our passions incline us to run away from Him , and to run to everything that is contrary to him .
Both are chronologically possible - I strongly incline to the former , but this ca n't be definite on the available evidence .
Suitable only for those whose tastes incline towards the above .
The wearer of One Mukhi Rudraksha gets his mental structure changed and he begins to feel renunciation from the worldly affairs and naturally inclines towards GOD .
You ca n't ground K & T circuits per the NEC - you need to abandon the K & T and replace the wiring to properly install a grounded circuit .
Rough Sleet Storm Grounded Vultures .
there are enough anecdotes of these situations to hopefully ground such ideas in practices such as political outings where males dress up as females and the like , as part of private patriarchal goings on .
If our nature inclines us toward the moral law without the help of revelation , it is not clear why God is strictly necessary .
I have accidentally ' grounded ' a few times , and had the rudder shoved upward , out of it 's gudgeons , a couple of times .
VIRGO or 6th house Virgo does not incline toward spontaneity .
It inclines man to faith and induces men to trust religious doctrines .
Pull out the plugs and ground the plug bodies .
Listen , my people , to my teaching , incline your ear to the words of my mouth .
The unit has a voltmeter , illuminated power switch , fuse , grounded outlet and three wire line cord .
As I said , I have a protestant theology that inclines me away from the whole concept , on the other hand I do wonder that maybe 1 Cor 3:12 maybe makes a case for purgatory .
I incline towards listening and exchanging information .
It does n't matter where you ground your spinner ...
After supper , he cleaned the kitchen , ran the dishwasher , folded laundry , bathed the kids , and put them to bed .
If that current should ground through you heart you may sense the current in a very real way .
I think that many who incline themselves only towards awakening miss out on a lot of the other fruits of practice , and become more bitter and unstable in the process .
The argument of the Declaration grounded citizenship in consent .
Brooksie wrote : You do n't - you ground a metal filler pipe so static can be controlled and not travel up to the filler neck where the gas fumes will ignite .
The study of Nabetaen is enlightening and will ground you with historical facts to help combat the fanatic by reinforcing the moderate , you may find this helpful in helping the East in joining the free human family .
No . You ground the 747 with the problem and examine it as soon as possible .
Therapists who incline toward the first viewpoint are usually pessimistic about the results of treatment for patients with NPD .
That Shakspeare had a perfect knowledge of his art , is proved by the instructions which are given to the player in Hamlet , and by other passages in his works ; which in addition to what I have already stated , incline me to think that the traditional account transmitted by Mr. Rowe , relative to his powers on the stage , has been too hastily credited .
The other , on Tuesday , was smaller and drawn from the poorer , more radical elements of the community who incline toward Muqtada al - Sadr .
On some trucks with that engine you had to disconnect an electrical connector or ground a terminal in the ALDL to disable the computer before you set the actual timing .
-LRB- 4 -RRB- Raymond grounded her thinking in part on the research of Johns Hopkins University psychologist John Money .
Sending a wasteful message with no content will not incline anyone to answer your question more quickly .
I 'd incline towards better quality manufacture , mid-war onwards .
when fighting opponants you think you are better than all around , it is BY FAR safer to ground them then finish them .
Now I 'd still incline towards stripping and re-applying for french polish .
Is it grounded correctly ?
You can always momentarily ground the credit switch -LRB- pin -RRB- on the PCB itself .
It was a good enough day to get out on the water , but home chores kept me grounded .
Individual reactions may incline toward the good and noble , or the critical and intolerant .
if the light lights up when you ground the sensor wire -LRB- at the engine i assume -RRB- then the sender is not doing it 's job ...
They possess a good - natured bonhomie , which on the negative side inclines them towards talking rather than doing ; they can be noncommittal or hedging when what is needed is fairness and taking a stand .
wrote : I never heard of the recommendation to incline the ladder at 30 degrees .
Psalm 2 to ground our teaching .
To reduce congestion on Beijing 's overly crowded streets - which carry 1,100 new cars daily - the government will limit traffic on some roads to buses carrying athletes and Olympic ticket holders and will ground many state - owned vehicles , Sun said .
The most we can hope for is to stumble on some syllogistic regression that turns out to be true and employ it to ground further speculations .
If we 're inclined towards mysticism etc it 's easy to find it , but Occam 's Razor should incline us towards the more mundane explanations , which almost invariably prove to be correct .
The rest of your review inclines me to catch it on DVD , so long as somebody else buys it .
The rock was discovered to be softer than other rocks studied so far at Gusev Crater after the rover easily ground a hole -LRB- center -RRB- into it with its rock abrasion tool .
God himself inclines them to believe , and thus they are most effectively convinced .
LA is n't " crawling with bad people who have horrible cultural and social values that incline them toward criminality , " like you claimed .
Gently fold in one - quarter of the meringue , being careful not to lose the air in the whites .
Award - winning Sojourners magazine ensures you are up - to - date on social justice issues while keeping you grounded with reflections and Bible studies .
In Proverbs 2 , the Lord tells us to " treasure my commands within you , " and to " incline your ear to wisdom . "
However even in serious cases where the patient specifically asks for further information on risks this should be given and again the situation should incline towards some semblance of patient self - determination .
D from BC I wonder if an earth grounded mesh put in front of the leaf blower nozzle would reduce the amount of charged air .
Plane grounded .
If he does not try to save himself from them , his desires will find support from the private parts of his body ; that is , he will incline to immoral acts .
I bought an 18 gauge 3 prong grounded electrical cable from Radio Shack .
And I confess that these brutal facts do at times incline me to cry out in despair .
It pleased you to put a crown upon my brow ; it pleased you to lay your head upon my breast ; but had it been your pleasure that I should wear the shackles of a slave , and bear the scourge while I ground your corn , I must have worn the yoke and bowed submissive to your tyranny .
But Moscow relentlessly ground the life out of Chechen resistance .
writes I 've also heard that it is best to ground both outer rails .
3 : Incline your ear , and come unto me : hear , and your soul shall live ; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you , even the sure mercies of David .
God prefers rather to incline the will than the intellect .
Replaced the zip power cord with a 3 wire cord and ground the chassis -LRB- if you do n't do this , you run a 50 % chance of making the chassis hot -RRB- .
One is the distinction between analytic truths and synthetic truths , explained by Quine as truths grounded only in meanings and independent of facts , and truths grounded in facts .
I could be wrong , but my experience so far with both books and shorter pieces inclines me in that direction .
: Consequently they were able to start movements that grounded their Light , : and clear away the darkness that shrouded the truth .
In your justice rescue me , and deliver me ; incline your ear to me , and save me .
We must get an easier belief , which is that of custom , which , without violence , without art , without argument , makes us believe things and inclines all our powers to this belief , so that our soul falls naturally into it .
If you want to read up on it , here 's the AES -LRB- Audio Engineering Society -RRB- standard which explains how to properly ground audio systems : http:www.aes.orgpublicationsstandardssearch.cfm ?
Those most likely to incline towards revolution would be in Jordan , in Syria , in Lebanon , or in Gaza .
Her cholesterol level edged up to 202 .
The Eagles edged the Packers , 17 - 13 , at Franklin Field for the 1960 NFL championship .
But for the first time , two Hispanic surnames -- Garcia and Rodriguez -- are among the top 10 most common in the nation , and Martinez nearly edged out Wilson for 10th place .
We fold tacos .
But with ours you could fold both extensions down or up as well as flat for the bed .
While promoting giving to Israeli organizations dropped , " donations to global emergency causes such as relief for Darfur through general civic organizations " has remained constant at 89 % and edged out Israeli causes to be the number one focus for charitable giving .
When a browser starts to edge near to consuming 500 MB of RAM on a regular basis , something is wrong .
Still consider myself new to -LRB- and crap at -RRB- rolling , but I reckon 2 will edge it there -LRB- Assuming I ever do improve -RRB- , as I feel it did in the standing clinch .
The originals are collapsable by hand they just need a good shove always fold mine in if it 's parked on the street .
Maybe one extra layer folded over the dial area , too .
A 1999 - 2005 top frame uses springs to automatically fold the glass window down .
They fold out flat like a sheet and are a good two feet by two feet square .
If the diagonal edge is your binding edge - I would consider using the straight grain of the fabric to make the binding strips rather than the cross-grain - this would help to stabilize the quilt edges also - you could mark off the diagonal measurement of the blocks on your binding strip - pin in place at each corner of the diagonal - then ease the diagonal to fit the binding strip and sew it down as you go .
I edged my self away and threw the address in the nearest trash can .
I generally fold a paper towel so it 's several layers thick , get it slightly wet , and then put just a little chlorine bleach directly on it -LRB- by covering the mouth of the bottle , then tipping it momentarily -RRB- .
Yes , I play hands like Arag hard , whereas I might fold them otherwise ...
With Sam I had those knitted ones you fold and tie and there 's no way I 'm using them again .
I used two servos for the ailerons , and left the trailing edges perfectly square , IF memory serves , the Venture 60 has pre-machined tapered aileron stock , so that is not an issue .
the exhaust valve edges off .
Fold up as tightly as possible and place in a large baking pan or dish , opening side down .
On certain vehicles , it 's the only way to keep the boot on , unless you manage to get a proper crimp on metal band -LRB- an actual crimp on one , not one of the pull tight and fold over ones -RRB- .
Cut thin sheet metal , fold around foam supports to form the parabola in the template diagram given .
I am using bias binding tape to edge each piece , and will stitch together three sides and add a matching zipper to the fourth side .
Booming Economy : US edges toward brink .
Depending on the impact , the fiberglass composite body parts attached to steel frame tended to crack and separate into sharp edged sheets .
So , it took little effort for me , Lilian Lo to drum up the interest of our Hong Kong group for JCDC .
Fold a 2 foot piece of aluminum foil in half lengthwise .
And besides , skids folded flatter , took up less weight , and above all else did n't blow out on impact .
Are the monkeys adapting to their restricted habitats with their limited food sources or are we seeing them being edged closer to extinction ?
No , I think unless DC edges Marvel out of the number one spot saleswise , or unless another company does , DC will always have at least some motivation to consider copying Marvel .
Hebrews 4:12 For the word of God is quick , and powerful , and sharper than any two edged sword , piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit , and of the joints and marrow , and -LSB- is -RSB- a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart .
Evidently those fins Do fold back under that kind of stress .
Freedom is always a two edged sword .
It was something like 150 degrees below zero on Lake Michigan that edged Soldier Field .
Would the strap on luggage wheels -LRB- they fold down small look like a two wheeler -RRB- work for moving the winches ?
It folds up nicely making it more compact to store , it 's really easy to figure out what to use with each type die and for someone who really did n't like the zipe - mate and the sidekick , I really , really like the Cuttlebug though I still love my bosskut too , I just had the cuttlebug when I fell in love with the bigger dies .
Now of course EVERY possible decision should cross your mind while you play , but what if that person saying raise or fold etc makes you think of that option a little more than you normally would ?
If making a valentine shape , fold the pointed end under .
Spanning the full block between 55th and 56th were barricades that edged out into Fifth once it was clear that the picketers would not be contained to the sidewalk .
Magnussen edged his Corvette Racing teammate Oliver Gavin in the No. 4 Compuware Corvette C6.R by .419
Add dry ingredients to liquid ingredients ; fold in gently .
AND " Given a chance to try all three in a blind test , New Coke slightly edged out Pepsi - yet many drinkers reacted angrily to finding they had chosen a brand other than their favorite . "
He edged himself forward in the chair as he looked at her , creaking the aches out of his neck .
I once had somebody pack a radio into a USPS " Flat Rate " box , with another flat rate box folded up inside with the radio , and a note that said " Use this to return the radio when finished . "
wafflycat wrote : Can you fold your new steed , pop it in a bag & take it inside ?
Joss was going with a softer - edged tone for WW than the current movie market is looking for .
Inara was half blocking his aim , but faced with her swirl of finery and sexuality and , overwhelmingly , anger , he could neither edge away nor muster protest .
I think that if it came down to the 69 baby's , McKay would edge out Nagy , tie Kurncz , and lose to Goetzke by one .
I folded top and bottom to size and tucked over the edges .
What I want to do is buy a detached keyboard , fold the laptop up and put it under my desk and put the keyboard , mouse and screen on the desk , getting my work stuff off our table so we can use it to eat of of again .
The Anglicans came close to doing the same , but in the end , bishop Fred Hiltz of Nova Scotia edged out bishop Victoria Matthews of Edmonton for the position of primate .
TWA folded , American moved out , and it sits unused right here in the middle of the country .
Toronto edged the Queen city out at 27th .
He barely edges out Ruth -LRB- .342 -RRB- , and Williams had the advantage of playing half his games in Fenway after it became a hitters park . Throw in his career OBP , and he 's clearly the best hitter to ever play the game .
I was thinking , -LRB- also for convenience -RRB- , the sun shade things people fold up and stretch out for their car windshields , but i think ' my girls ' will chew right threw them , or push them over .
Fold edges over to secure tightly .
3 . Gently fold 1/4 of whites into chocolate mixture ; fold in rest of whites .
If the defense establishment could drum up this as a real possibility , launch capacity would be right up there in the competition for a piece of the $ 300 G yr spent on weapons aquisition .
Hello , I am searching for contacts to talk about German Imperial edged weapons .
Fold in 1/2 cup cheese mixture to lighten , then fold in remaining cheese mixture gently but thoroughly .
Spoon on some filling ; pineapple , cherry , apple , pumpkin -LRB- pick one -RRB- fold the dough over to cover the filling and pinch the edges together .
In 1996 it came down to the final race of the season when Terry Labonte edged out Gordon for the championship by a mere 37 points .
Fold the strips in half and sew it down at the appropriate spot on the tulle , following the line where you hemmed or edged on the strips .
As few of Dawn 's components as possible are turned on during launch , because with its large solar wings folded against its side -LRB- and a segment of the flight in Earth 's shadow -RRB- , power is provided by a large battery on the spacecraft .
the sheets of paper remain properly bunched together , especially since I fold the thinner bunches in half .
Simon edged forward quickly , caught her hand and squeezed it , and he pulled her back so she was n't crowding Kaylee quite so much .
Yet according to the Police , Eddie had managed to tear a strip off a thick prison blanket , deftly fold it , thread it through the bars of the window , tie two knots , fashion a noose , and hang himself without his feet leaving the ground .
I was turning this nice little -LRB- 8 -RRB- natural edged bowl and was almost finished with it , when the tit I had the tailstock against gave way .
Fold the ingredients together until they are well combined .
How to edge floor tiles when laying .
Van Nistelrooy strike edges out Bremen Real Madrid CF ended a sequence of opening - night defeats in the UEFA Champions League by overcoming Werder Bremen 2 - 1 in Group C in what was their 300th European Champion Clubs ' Cup game .
Palm turned inward , the 3 outer fingers folded flat against the palm , and the upraised index finger and thumb tapping against each other .
Ideally the entire blade should fold over on each stroke .
As I suggested elsewhere , I worry a bit about the sharp edged current step causing trouble in other parts of the system .
Raikkonen clocked 1:45.994 on his final flying lap to edge out his teammate , while Fernando Alonso 's McLaren was a narrow margin behind Massa , eight hundredths adrift in third .
-LSB- 6 -RSB- Jonathan Steele , Unseen by western hysteria , Darfur edges closer to peace , 10 August 2007 .
How much dirt would be in a hole 6 feet deep and 6 feet wide that has been dug with a square edged shovel ? <
Free refills and good service will keep customers coming back even after Starbucks folds their umbrella and provides wireless access at no cost to customers .
Center second pie crust over pie ; fold over edges and pinch with a fork to seal ; and prick holes in top of crust .
The packaging is unique : since the tracks are way too long to fit in the box if packed flat , and complains about tracks in other kits having unwanted curves or damage set by packing them loose in the box , the ones in this kit are packed separately but folded over on themselves .
Now remember the cheap online Asda Beer ..
I remember Jan 's site very well .
Land too steep to plow can still be used for pasture , which ordinarily has trees left on it to provide summer shade to reduce heat stress .
Steroids reduce the inflammation , itching and soreness allwing it to heal faster , providing relief .
I 've heard a lot of trumpet playing , remember , I teach 3rd graders how to play and I lived around the corner from Winton when he was growing up .
The cold from the can of coke pressing against his inner thighs helped to reduce his aching membrane to something tolerable , but all he could think about was releasing the pressure in the innards of Peter 's body .
I remember being overjoyed as a student to meet somebody else who remembered the sitcom " My Mother , The Car " which evoked similar blank looks from most people .
You can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way .
I want to put a backdraft damper at the end of the exhaust pipe to reduce cold air coming in the bathroom .
Last month Schwarzenegger signed a compact with four other Western states to establish a regional " cap and trade " system for greenhouse - gas emissions that would allow companies that reduce their emissions below certain target levels to sell credits to those that do n't or ca n't .
We remember the safe delivery .
Be aware that air filled tyres will flatten progressively all the way to the wheel rim during heavy impacts and consequently reduce the acceleration forces transmitted to the structure .
The file size will reduce accordingly if you use the same or even a better compression scheme as the original .
If you 're hurting this Christmas , remember : Jesus came to save us , to help us , and to heal us .
What 's the proper way to remember a psychopathic tyrant whose lust to dominate and destroy was responsible for the deaths of 70 million or so of his countrymen ?
So remember to wave and smile !
Consolidation can reduce your payments by as much as 45 % !
- The herb corn silk can help in easy labor and reduce bleeding after labor .
He promised to show mercy to our fathers and to remember His holy covenant .
Does n't anyone here remember ?
I use many kinds of diet products such as fat - free cheeses to reduce calorie intake , but this is a place where the trade - off is not at all diet - friendly .
That was to prove to you that I have been posting here for more than 4 years , remember your accusations earlier on ?
I vaguely remember it but I thought I saw it .
And the lamp does n't even have to be designed for higher temperature - just reduce the power input to compensate for the trapped energy .
A simple polite email to the guilty party would also reduce this unnecessary clutter .
In our house , the kitchen has a single faucet for cold water that does NOT pass through the softener to reduce sodium consumption .
The Victor Smorgon Group is also assessing a system to use algae to reduce carbon emissions at power plants by up to 80 per cent .
Regatta day is this Saturday Could all Skippers and Crews remember to bring a loaf of uncut sandwiches and leave them into the kitchen before they go out racing .
Crucially they DO NOT cut into the nail root with anything - what they do is apply some kind of acid I ca nt remember what this is called for a precise amount of time - around a minute or two , to ' kill ' the nail root .
If I remember right he advocated bringing hydrogen from earth or electrolysis to get hydrogen from Martian water if it proved practical .
So I reduce my very loud fruit - sound to a gentler ' Razzberries ' .
They are less competitive and territorial , and their smaller size and mass reduce resource use .
I seem to remember him discussing finding a hose for George 's 1958 GH .
I vaguely remember I might even have lost a blog but got it back eventually but not sure .
He did n't mention that higher tobacco taxes would likely reduce teen access to cigarettes and lower the health care costs of treating millions of Americans for respiratory disease and cancer caused by smoking .
" I somehow remember a complaint earlier in this thread about the online ad not warning that " Product X " is only available at all through online ordering , nor requiring online ordering to get the price advertised online .
Also , when I criticize some one , I remember expressing my displeasure in a polite way .
I found books by James Patterson easy to remember because each chapter was usually 2 or 3 pages long .
- To ease the leg pains and reduce inflammation , ice your shins immediately after running .
Similarly , allowing for the banking of permits would reduce cost volatility between compliance periods and thus avoid the problem currently facing the EU ETS , where permits are effectively worthless at this point .
That is why the best way to understand metaphysics is to remember that Aristotle called it " first philosophy , " that is , think of it as the part of philosophy that asks the " first " or most basic questions .
As I remember from archie school some time ago , and paying some attention since , BYU archaeologists deal with the evidence they find in a scientific way , whether it conflicts with the BoM or not .
Mark T You cite the parts from the motoring section on actions to reduce traffic hold ups .
Additionally , federal officials are concerned that federal efforts to encourage greater use of more fuel - efficient vehicles could reduce gas tax revenue , making even less money available for highway projects .
I now take cuprimine to chealte the excessive levels of lead and take lithium and boron supplements to reduce my body 's deficency .
I remember the diagnostics problem and second opinion .
Also , remember that updating 20,000 records in a single transaction requires a lock table with at least 20,000 entries .
I remember seeing a review of this recently on film 20067 but I ca nt remember the title - it s based on a book that 's been around for a while .
However , simply lowering the percentage of energy from total fat in the diet is unlikely to improve lipid profile or reduce CHD incidence .
even though my muscles ca n't remember much , they sure remember being sore from last night 's ride !
He is still touring and does seem to have returned to some R & B and blues sensibilities but I am sure he is expected to do the hits like folks remember them .
I did this with full gain , using the low cut filter to reduce wind noise , and with the limiter engaged .
These qualified , indisputable facts clearly show that the use of PT5 , DT5 PLUS and MBL8 can improve fuel consumption , lower exhaust emissions , increase thermal efficiency , improve piston ring sealing , reduce friction , increase horsepower and limit the load on our environment by lowering carbon monoxide and unburned hydrocarbon emissions .
Whenever I hear these words I remember Edward Herman 's marvelous essay about normalizing the unthinkable .
All you can do on Facebook is throw vampires at people you vaguely remember from school .
He and Jackson 5 plc knew it only too well ; hence his clumsy attempt to chop his kid brother off at the knees before his arrival could reduce his once acclaimed siblings to mere shadows .
A 2000 report in the Journal of the American Medical Association , hardly part of the gun lobby , showed cooling - off periods did not reduce homicide rates or overall suicide rates .
With proper exercise and supplements one can reduce the constant stiffness and pain associated with osteoarthritis and this can lead to a healthier pain free life .
remember when impeachment was the hot topic and nichols published a book on that ? he dropped that issue .
The measures are expected to free up space until June 2008 , which will give the state legislature time to consider proposals to construct more prison cells or reduce the inmate population .
The conventional wisdom says that if you increase calories and lift weights , you 'll add mostly muscle but also some fat , while if you reduce calories and lift weights , you 'll lose mostly fat but some muscle .
While many nutritionists champion artificial sweeteners as a way to cut calories and reduce sugar , others say these products are not the answer to America 's weight and health problems .
These are some I immediately remember .
Sure you can " freeze " them to reduce your CPU load to zip , but not if you want to use them in real time , as many people do these days .
In fact advanced techniques might reduce to very low figures ..
Anyway , I do n't recall many other examples anymore , but I vividly remember feeling frustrated in this manner often enough while learning Python that I would actually exclaim , " Guido !!!! "
I liked it more with " viscous " : D Too bad you 're much too young to remember the rocker Sid Viscous !
Piano lessons are typically best for this age because your child will learn to read and play music without having to remember difficult fingering techniques .
In case you are in doubt , just remember Ukraine last winter .
Some , but not all , research studies confirm that ginger may reduce nausea .
You can also get checp silicone " fan dampening " kits to reduce vibration and therefore noise .
Like I said , I barely remember my frog .
If not , maybe your instructor will remember .
I predict he 'll win at least 50 % of the races he enters , making everyone remember David Pearson .
Running with a big fan and the box open could reduce the peak temperature .
The APEC had then endorsed a set of " aspirational goals " as non-binding commitments to reduce the worldwide emissions of greenhouse gases .
The ergonomically designed exercise handles reduce the strain on the wrists , rotate , and slightly wobble to improve shoulder function ; basically , a great accessory for bodyweight calisthenics and as a way to take your Pilates or Yoga routine up a few notches .
To avoid excess tartness , winemakers in cold growing regions use special procedures to reduce wine acidity .
I remember Angel Witch and AIIZ now too .
Anyone else remember your Mama saying these things ?
I own a 2007 Toyota Camry and a 2006 Hyundai Elantra .
On the other hand , there is something to be said for the argument that everybody should own an AK with some 30 rd mags just as a big " fk you " to the gun banners .
Two or three big blokes pick up the bike , alarm screaming and immobiliser immobilising , and throws it into a van .
Kids will pick up reading notation pretty quickly if you have them work with it in a few different ways .
Everyone wants to pick Jon 's brain on this year 's American Idol .
We actually own a Volvo 2.5 turbo v70 which would be a fantastic and maybe perfect car for the trip , but it is hardly a part of the dream I had in mind !
You can pick apart each example but the pattern is there .
I owned one while living in France .
I own over 500 authentic CDs from this series .
I own an AX 1.4 with KDY engine 92 model year .
You may even pick up guitar tricks and techniques that others like you have acquired through years of guitar playing , or share some of your own .
folks that own that gas are not going to discount it regardless of where your plant is located .
Or better yet , let the kids pick the accessories later .
Does Don Beverly still own Virginia Motorsports Park ?
Now I own a 1995 Chevy C1500 by any chance would I be able to use the wheels off his Dodge ?
I also own a 96 406 1.8 .
And if you do n't want to put on a Christian opera -- pick another of the thousands of operas extant .
They pick a new headmaster .
Now why would we pick one mosaic law out of all of them and just decide that we wanted to keep doing that one ?
I 'm not commenting on whether having illegals pick lettuce is good or bad .
The Alderman owned seven houses and much other property .
It 's the only three phase gear I presently own .
I own a 1996 Accord EX with 4 cylinder VTEC engine with 137K miles on it .
I 'll pick & eat blueberries because I can identify everything about the plant but that is it .
An accomplished turner may pick up the variations by feeling the inside and outside together .
The reason is there would be too much political resistance , since more Americans own homes under 3,000 square feet than over 3,000 . "
It kinda reminds me of baseball teams that put a telescope up in center field to read the fingers between the catcher 's legs -- baseball teams do it and get caught , but does anybody really pick up 10 games in a pennant race that way ?
I actually bought the Lexus because it is a more cost - effective car to own than many cheaper automobiles .
No , he offered you a choice : pick any reply he made to you .
The lesson here is : any nutritional plan you pick to lose weight must be part of a lifestyle change you will be able to follow - in one form or another - forever .
Please pick up your copy today .
The weave is different from that of the Lloyd Loom I currently own it appears much finer .
Do you own any decorative footwear ?
My level of interest drops off when I see that I 'm going to have to download a zip file , pick some place to extract it , and so on .
reminder I own this group !
You actually believe that those supported by the Mellon Foundation pick up their grant checks IN PERSON at the Mellon Bank in New York , which is both idiotic and absolutely hilarious !
I own an Automatic 1.8 GXE 2000 Sentra .
Then again , anything would be better than those limp noodle rods you own .
IMO , just pick a diameter that will fit well inside your kettle .
However , at 33 , I 'm a relative youngster in the group , so I have to be careful who I pick .
I want to see how these dancers adapt and meet a challenge , not how well they pick up somewhat watered down routines .
If there is no reason to decide , the compiler has to pick the second interpretation .
We own the fuel concession at Pilanesburg airport in partnership with Shell .
I 'll likely also pick up an EH Q-tron , eventually .
That I own a 1200 acre spread including Mountain Range in NW New Jersey ?
if you have nt already guessed I own a 1954 5 window shortbox , mine had the old flatty that died long ago ..
wrote : I was a bit hesitant about going all out on the LONG straight and taking off the speed in time , but it turns out I own a Porsche !
Hopefully , we will never pick someone average again now that we know how poorly an average man does as president .
pick the closest price or auction it off via written bids .
My paternal grandfather did a bit of coin collecting himself and would let me go through his accumulation of wheat cents and pick out dates and mints I needed .
My new 2004 Nissan Sentra is over 40 % made in USA Alabama , 40 % Mexico , 20 % Japan , Do n't Renault now own Mack trucks and Nissan ?
We can , and should still fight for good development < but getting mitigation for something that in many cases is inevitable because Harvard and BC own certain lands and WILL develop them is not in itself repulsive , unethical , or undesirable as far as I am concerned .
It 's impossible in practice even if you pick your own unless you were to taste every single berry you pick .
My thought is that Neuros could and should pick one and starting with a tutorial , work with that software and potentially enhance it to make sure it works flawlessly , and works flawlessly with the OSD .
Check the 3M web site for Scotchbrite pads and pick the least abrasive
This is not the first time I 've done a head job as I own a 94 Cougar and had to do the same thing to it with excellent results .
So pick a small canvas and paint a still life !
Plenty of 60s people own their house outright .
I own a Panasonic 42 " THPHD7UY commercial plasma I got over 2.5 years ago for HD viewing , which incidentally replaced a then 10 year 27 " Trinitron .
I own a 57 Ford F100 and am looking for information on them .
I wonder who the hackers would pick !
I own -LRB- inherited -RRB- a large section of land in southern colorado .
This is my first BMW car , though I do own a BMW motorcycle .
The lower paid employees absolutely can not afford to rent or own anything near Fairfax County .
They both look down at the Jewish man who says , " My name is Irving and I own only 300 acres . "
I enter that in aptitude and pick the items I want from there .
You could hang and pick the laundry from inside the house even in winter .
Hikers take note : alway pick your camping area carefully .
If you own Dungeon siege then go to http:www.u5lazarus.com and play Ultima V using the DS engine .
The only Region DVD I own is a Secret Policemen 's Balls box set , which is PAL .
Anyway , this woman and I used to occasionally pick stuff out together .
Your friend should pick you up if possible .
They must be in the top 2 or 3 of every string quartet work I own that includes their recording .
I love the gadget but now : I pick a skin such as Mac OSX .
" Also , do n't forget that allowing users to pick their own locale and timezone is not only good practice , but practically expected in this day and age ... "
He still owns land by Mrs Baldwin 's former home and will use the bequest to turn it into a nature reserve , as they had discussed .
Hamas will only talk if concessions to ease its isolated state are offered , but this would have a plus side for Israel : Cairo could pick up its mediation effort on behalf of the Israeli soldier Gilead Shalit , who has been held in Gaza for more than 14 months .
Most of this years competitors also own a Stone Evans Plug - In - Profit site !
wrote : Hi , I own a 2002 307 XS .
If they happen to write songs , guess which ones they pick ?
The neurotransmitters serotonin and norepinephrine help quench the fires of chronic pain .
a few months ago when I setup a SSH server open to the world and watched the logs I had a rush of them get blocked in the first few days , then it quietened down .
The barman tells him to quieten down a bit .
It was only when he rose to the podium , to applause , that the crowd quietened down .
Put the metal back in the forge , and heat it until it becomes non-magnetic , which is a simple as it sounds - pull it out every so often and put a magnet against it , when it stops sticking to the metal , you 're ready to quench .
& quot ; Given the nature of the suspicion and the prevailing distrust of the US in Africa , it 's unlikely that any amount of public relations will fully quench anti-imperialist concerns that AFRICOM is fundamentally an attempt to create a bulwark in Africa against transnational terrorism , or China 's appetite for Africa 's oil , minerals and timber , & quot ; Shillinger explains .
I have pointed out that if it IS real tongues -LRB- real human languages -RRB- and you do n't know what you are saying , then you are violating the following COMMAND of scripture : 1 Thess 5:19 -22 19 Do not quench the Spirit .
As time went on , more of them lapsed into a zombie-like state of listlessness , while others tried to escape in a demented or suicidal fashion , running through open fields in broad daylight towards the Rhine to quench their thirst .
But I worked up such an appetite in the library , I need to quench my hunger , she purred .
but I talk to him through the fence -LRB- wooden , close together -RRB- and he quietens down to listen to me .
And so is Creedence Clearwater , it helps with one 's revival and quenches thirst .
I do not think a woman should quest for anything .
And I thought you might like WIVVER : To quiver , to shake .
This machine quietened them almost instantly - still they barked , in the beginning , but just one or two barks .
The epigram describes how the sleeping Cupid is robbed of his love-brand by the Nymphs , who seek to quench it by plunging it in a fountain .
-LRB- Though , if we quench the Spirit before He has had a chance to speak , we might miss God 's best . -RRB-
I tried a 3 Berkley power minnow , and I did n't catch half the fish that were hitting the senko , I think the senko just seemed to quiver more .
You can heat and quench 1018 steel all day and all you 'll do is waste time and energy .
On the one hand , the Nigerian deal is part of China 's global quest for foreign energy sources to quench a mounting thirst for oil caused by its rapidly expanding economy .
When you fart , it quivers .
-LRB- 2 -RRB- The prettiest of them stole his torch -LRB- 3 -RRB- and quenched it in a nearby spring , turning it into a hot spa .
I have a night elf who quested in all the night elf zones -LRB- darkshore , ashenvale , felwood , ferelas , etc -RRB- .
We need to be thinking about how to quench our thirst for energy .
It quenches the thirst and eliminates the waste products from the body .
The bird replied that he had no trouble whatsoever , but if the prophet wished to do him a favour , he asked him to bring nearer to him the spring of water that lay at a distance , as a flight to it to quench his thirst interfered in his Simran .
The tip of the blade quivered a few inches in front of Pugsley 's nose .
how the box rattles and quietens down depends on what was in the box .
The waters quench them and relax them , it cleanses them and refreshes them .
The Bible says : 1 Thess 5:19 -22 19 Do not quench the Spirit .
Paul also said : 1 Thess 5:19 -23 19 Do not quench the Spirit .
It did what it said on the bottle and quietened down the pump .
Most of the science just muddies the water with no clear benefit .
Ejiro , who has since claimed that Fiberesima 's motives were purely political , that she had been recruited to muddy his name because he was running for president of the Association of Movie Producers , had had it with the press .
There were also a lot of folks who protested with would you like it if someone else made the decision to mutilate you ? ?
The Scorpions also nabbed the chief executive of the Transport Education and Training Authority -LRB- Teta -RRB- , Piet Bothma , after Teta invested R246 million in Fidentia .
& quot ; You ca n't expect to muddy the waters of the rules of engagement for snipers without consequences. & quot ;
It is responsibility of media to not to mutilate truth .
The disbelievers mutilated the martyrs and left for Makkah with a feeling of success .
I think with the coming support for podcasting on the Zune , we have an opportunity to muddy the meaning to mean something a little more open and less Apple-centric .
& quot ; They did not consult or co-operate with the Republicans on the committee , and so I think it is an attempt to muddy the waters on what has been some positive developments being reported out of Iraq. & quot ;
It would not be doing the United States any favors to muzzle the academics , as well .
And nobody I know is trying to muzzle McCrea or anybody else .
They fight for the & quot ; freedom & quot ; to mutilate little girls ' genitalia .
Disgusted , he mutilates her , but she lies about this to her older brother Ravana .
Now now , do n't muddy the water with the truth you bigot .
Tho in the case of the OS-2 I do n't need it , because I 'm trying to thicken and muddy it up a little anyway .
Thinking about the class , I 'm not sure how you could translate that to AS2 without hoops that muddy the OOP waters -LRB- attachMovieClip , createEmptyMovieClip -RRB- .
Still , something must be done to muzzle Bush 's dogs of war and put the corporate curs of his administration on a short leash for the next two years .
Some people try to mutilate or castrate themselves , then show up in emergency rooms , he added .
Police nabbed the suspects in a raid yesterday on the home of Jongrak Supasiri , 55 , in Muang district .
Our team nabbed two of them , identified as Sunil and Rajesh , of Jabalpur .
Just to muddy the waters a bit more , in the well known group photo of ac from the 361st FG -LRB- the group around which the greenblue camo debate swirls -RRB- , there is a clear view of one P-51D -- E2-C -- WITHOUT the dorsal fin .
Here 's a look at the laundry list of conflicts that have arisen in recent years as CanWest tried to muzzle its own journalists : a. .
He walked away and most likely is going to try and find a group that will allow him mutilate the cat .
Do not mutilate him !
Why get a pet , then mutilate it ? ! ! ! !
Do n't you have childen to mutilate ?
Instead of light on the issue , I just think this particular effort muddies the waters .
People are blabbering about intelligence and yet they mutilate the most essential aspects of it to the bio-robotic level .
In other words , they are trying to muzzle us and many other organizations .
If you want to mutilate your baby boys then go ahead .
Tbone tends to muddy the water , even when he 's got it right .
Make no mention of the fact that you wiah to close the account - that will just muddy the waters .
Now , let me say right up front here that being accused of being cointelpro ourselves is truly bizarre , but not unexpected ; after all , that 's what cointelpro does : muddy the waters , create foodfights , and generally make it impossible for people to get together and actually make a difference .
But will they be able to shut up and muzzle Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi ?
No wonder TiVo nabbed the PhilipsNEC chip .
I know there was a raid on some business in the past year that nabbed a lot of illgals .
In response , the Federal Aviation Administration has managed to muddy the waters , rather than defending the validity of what the Bush folks are actually doing .
Which means that it muddies the waters a lot less than a standard SL boot ...
And yeah , it 'll be little guys like me muzzled right off the bat .
I do not want to muzzle any of this because it is a sign of weakness not of strength when you try to shut somebody up .
I have heard the Prophet , peace be upon him , say : & quot ; Mutilate not even a rabid dog. & quot ;
In fact , it costs less to train your cat than it does to mutilate them .
For the laity , this may muddy the waters .
They simply do n't make your case , they only muddy the water .
this muddies the waters just like school choice in the US .
Php 3:2 Look out for the dogs , look out for the evildoers , look out for those who mutilate the flesh .
At least that way they could n't nab me for overpayments .
All of them are simple and direct , because the discussion has already been defined and we do not want to muddy the message .
It muddies up the lines of authority , and it lets personal relationships contaminate the professional ones .
I do n't know if he mutilated or mulitated any of them & quot ; Purification. & quot ;
It is not really something I can prevent , unless I want to muzzle him 100 % of the time .
Even sorrier that the Strat deprogramming team nabbed the wrong person .
I feel sorry for them , that they feel they have no choice , but to mutilate their cat .
For Ross , what is there to say except he is a buddy of Kathman and does nothing to muzzle the man , and Kathman is one of the most egregious highchair-banging posters at HLAS , a man of large humor , & quot ; BAWAWAWAWAWAWAWAWAWAW , & quot ; often that reply alone , then he rolls on the floor and off the screen .
Both of them mutilate their children and attack their neighbors .
That sort of begs the question of what happens if the argument is n't an instance of Proc but I did n't want to muddy the waters at that point .
I 'm going to , I fear , muddy the waters a bit here .
That same enterprising person who would want to nab your XML feed when it was in plain old machine-readable format would probably be willing to slog through your JavaScript code to find the decryption algorithm for your obfuscated XML .
However , the alacrity with which the moderator chooses to muzzle a difference of opinion is a little worrying .
It seems to me that dragging the the congregration and the church leaders into the equation just muddies the waters .
And that muddies the morality tale .
1 Corinthians 9:9 For it is written in the law of Moses , thou shalt not muzzle the mouth of the ox that treadeth out the corn .
You will have a mish mash of vampire batmen , zombie batmen , communist supermen and all around dreck which muddy the original character .
She was able to nab a & quot ; water side & quot ; seat on the plane , so the San Juans , Canada , and Mt .
I suppose both of these options do muddy the readability of the command , though .
Unfortunately , what you are telling me now is starting to muddy the waters .
Be careful when you generalize like that , I 'm circumcised and I do n't feel the need to mutilate my son .
I think it 's up to them to avoid people like me , not up to me to muzzle myself for their benefit .
I could never begin to understand what goes through the mind of anyone who could mutilate their cat in full knowledge of what they 're doing .
Abilify binds very tightly to the various dopamine receptors -LRB- as a partial antagonist -RRB- that the zyprexa is n't going to do anything more than the abilify alone , it just muddies up the waters .
That muddies the water somewhat .
Perhaps you 'd like to muzzle the press , for telling the truth ?
What is wrong with the society is the assumption that it is a ' right ' to abuse and mutilate for convienience .
do n't know if he mutilated or mulitated any of them & quot ; Purification. & quot ;
Sure , he does n't torture and mutilate animals , but he 's worth less than nothing as an NFL QB .
He is aggressive , but one time I muzzled him and then turned him loose with the neighbor 's dog .
i peeped it a few months ago ...
And he 'd peck at it -LRB- or maybe pick it up , I do n't remember -RRB- .
We sat in her daughter 's living room , and while we talked , she absently paged through a copy of & quot ; The Official Boy Scout Handbook. & quot ;
We found out that we have a raccoon that likes to perch on a little roof overhang .
We begin in 1970 , when the AFL officially became the AFC and perched itself under the aegis of the NFL .
And after they got straightened out , walking around , they would n't peck so much .
I also paged through Bjorn Lomborg 's & quot ; The Skeptical Environmentalist & quot ; in which the overiding theme was & quot ; Nothing is as bad as it seems & quot ; but it had a very large amount of data and a very large amount of refernces so you could check it all out for yourself .
wrote : I 'll tell a tale so moving that it 's sure to make you snivel , A turkey learned to peck the keys and post a pile of drivel , How long have you known you are a Turkey ?
I never really peeped them out , but I will look if I still have it burned on disc and send it up to you if I find it .
Luke , on the other hand , does not disclose why Eutychus perched on the windowsill , but a reader familiar with The Odyssey might well have assumed that he , too , wanted ventilation in a room full of lamps .
But they can sure peck at dingleberries .
All of the SSDI sites I used , either they would not let you specify the month , or they would let you but then they would n't tell you the total number of results founds until you paged through all of them 10 per page .
So they ended the show with a paste-up of Adomo Mickevi iaus venerable head on the shoulders of whoever that actor was , as he perched on the bow of the sinking Titanic , ready to jump off , and the caption was : Adomo Mickevi iaus paskutin kelion -LRB- Adomas Mickevicius ' Last Journey -RRB- .
it is like perk , but the latter is supported at both ends , for fowls to perch on .
So I peeped the prices and they were resonable !
This is an excellent lubricant , and has been made to permeate all of the internal interstices in the chain .
A bird I could n't instantly recognize came in and perched on the back of the bench .
I believe in the pursuit of truth , and if I must perch in the fool 's catapult from time to time , so be it .
She crept down the hall and peeped into the room .
So let 's see , watch those that land and then see how long they go on pecking and whether or not they peck in their feathers at the same rate. & quot ;
By putting a piece of food on an object on the table , I can get a chicken to peck at that object literally in seconds , where it might take a one to several minutes to shape , depending on the chicken and the person 's skill .
in this case , i think xntp set the lock to pin the memory and dont let it paged out .
But Kjel , who was a very light sleeper , was up and after her in an instant , and peeped at her through the crack in the door .
I paged through the Bible , looking for comfort .
They would dive bomb me on my head and try to peck me , even though I had fed them out of my own pocket .
I think if you stood still , you could get them to perch on your hands .
Bet they saw what I was doing and wanted to perch there quickly , to see just what I would do at that point in time .
scribeth thus The main problem I have with Freeview is when a load crows decide to perch on the aerial , it does n't do much for the reception .
My baby parakeet can not sit on a perch , she is 4 months old and out of the nest , but she just sits on the bottom of the cage , I have worked with her every day and try to help her learn how to perch , but she just falls off .
As he opened the door for her , Blossom pecked him on the cheek -- a very daughterly thing to do .
She needed to see him , and thus had him paged over the courthouse intercom .
His toadstool , which he like to perch on , thrives on it Ratch Betov is a bitter old man , eaten alive by jealousy .
They paged me on the flight line during the big fly-in at Oshkosh , and then paged me over the flight-line PA system when I could n't get to a phone fast enough .
I went to the opposite side to where M. Paul was standing , and then I peeped over the shoulders of one of those wretches into the coffin .
I wonder what they perched on in the boat .
but his life never ceases to palpitate within .
Once the birds have been pitted against each other , they peck and maim each other with their beaks and gaffs .
-LRB- 3 -RRB- Pied kingfishers -LRB- 3 of them , for a short while , probably did not decide to perch -RRB- .
and the bunch of loons that permeate the entire state .
I do n't care what reality is , I knows what my peepers peeped .
The monkey perches next to him and gets bittern by the parrot whose plaice he 's taken .
They are debeaked so that they will not peck each other from the overcrowding .
I still have n't heard about a date for my surgery and the last time I paged my pain surgeon guy , I got bubkus back .
When he wants to be awake , he 'll sometimes get suport from my arm to perch himself on the window side , so he can see what 's going on outside , windows closed of course .
Instead , they peck out the letters with a punch .
You came into a thread where I paged you as FlintLips .
This guy was trying to peck at the seed .
Trudy They ca n't even SEE the fence , let alone peep over the edge .
and the bunch of loons that permeate the entire state. -
I thought that would be the end of it , but I just found out the nurse never paged the doctor , but left a voice message instead .
When he stands for offering the prayer he turns right and left , when he genuflects -LRB- in the prayer -RRB- he huddles , and when he prostrates himself , he pecks .
The stern of a battleship , with what appears to be two Kingfishers perched on it , briefly comes into view .
They stopped the infusion and paged my neuro 13 times over the next 2 hours .
On the hill at the paddock , saw some bulbuls , most like Mountain Bulbul , he dont perch long enuf for me to observe nicely ... . .
-LRB- Getbackers -RRB- 2 . a bluebird pecked it out and used it to control the northern half of the planet on mondays 3 . Petshop of Horrors 4 . bigfoot 5 . Ceres -LRB- Escaflowne is 2nd -RRB- 6 .
Sometimes they perch , sometimes they do n't .
And they 've got these handy little spur - thingies on their legs , which can do you some hurt , not to mention the fact that they peck like the devil , and some of them know to go for the eyes .
She paged through for hours trying to figure out what and how .
Winston peeped out , secure in the protection of the muslin curtain .
For two of my cats , Midori and Absynthe , who were littermates , their ashes are sitting on the bookcase they liked to perch on top of .
Not John Behan , we paged you on our site on Wednesday and never heard back .
They continue to peck food from the bottom for a long time .
There are certain subjects that I like to regularity update myself on , and I have found that the best way to do this is to have some RSS feeds from reliable sources , rather than to hunt and peck trying to sort out what URLs to use after an Internet search .
I went to the guest room to peep out the window .
I have to chase him all over me trying to get him to perch and put him in his cage .
It is to the Perl world what Smarty is to the PHP world , although it does more , and predates all PHP frameworks by many years .
RICHMAN : Let me premise this by saying that we believe that it is important for people to go to the Temple Mount .
While the central bank probably wo n't jump into the fray to prick the property bubble , it wo n't let consumer prices get out of hand either .
When he heard these things from me he said to me & quot ; prick up your ears and listen to the things they are saying. & quot ;
I had front teeth that protruded when I was young and had a brace when I was 18 .
wrote : I will premise my remarks by stating that the behavior of the financial institution was not wrong , or at least not illegal .
3.2 : primes the parser to disambiguate class Module as an indirect object .
If Mother Goose was a real person , she predated your CDV ...
They do protrude enough to worry about , even if we ca n't say definitively if they were the cause to some of those cut LRs this past Sunday .
I have asked friends and family for their opinions and they all say they do not protrude .
predates the Big-8 newsgroup board of directors -LRB- or whatever their official name is -RRB- .
The Royal Insignia on the sword is & quot ; GR & quot ; , so it must predate the Crimean War , which occured during the reign of Queen Victoria .
The latter thinks that Virgil predated Herodotus , that Aleksandr Nevskii was & quot ; tsar , & quot ; and that Anne Hathaway was Shakespeare 's mother .
In fact , I have already mentioned one work that predates Jefimenko 's publication by a couple of decades .
One more last note : We do n't know why this happens , but even without the benefit of self-anointing , their spines seem to have a mild toxicirritant effect ; when you prick yourself on one , even slightly , it hurts more than it should , and for a little bit longer .
I lay the plan over the hardboard , and prick the plans with a pin , about every quarter inch , more when the curve is sharp , less when it is straight , or close to it .
Asked about the Western Wall , Tamimi said the structure was a tying post for Muhammad 's horse and that it is part of the Al Aqsa Mosque , even though the Wall predates the mosque by more than 1,000 years .
Ensure your case is wide enough to accommodate the heatpipe module that protrudes over the top edge of the card .
Even if it does , this antenna is likely to protrude above its zone .
After all , it clearly predates the 1930s folderol , accomplished by none other than the same gents responsible for the Visitations .
which predated the full formal : development of general relativity by about four years .
The isakmpd port is based on an outdated OpenBSD snapshot , and pipsecd is old enough that it may predate some important revisions to the IPSEC protocol suite and API .
If he pricked his finger several times a day in accordance with the advice reported by most newbies here , and my own doctor , it would be fasting , pre-dinner and maybe two hours after each meal without using any of those tests to review his menu .
I imagine a port would be better than having them prick you all the time .
then it follows that more predation means more harm and if we predate the foxes then we decrease the total amount of predation .
Both times , despite C 's report to the British cabinet of a lack of enthusiasm for the task , the American government made detailed presentations on the Iraqi regime 's record as well as the intelligence on hand , most of which predated the Bush administration , especially the humint which stopped with the 1998 suspension of weapons inspections .
Of course , there may be some camera distortion in the original picture , or Mandi may not have taken a full straight on shot , but it does appear to me , that the legs on the tripod may well protrude a tad too much out beyond the edge of the table top .
Hal , for the last two weeks , primed the TouringBeginner cyclists so that now 14-16 mph just does n't cut it .
Dave 's not saying that such records do n't exist , he 's just saying that VERY few of them predate 1592 , which is what you should expect .
The two 2x4s were separated by the diameter of the center hole in the table and thus could provide a gap for the drill bit to protrude into for all of the holes .
If you look at the photo of the Mark 1 SP8 internals on ARCDB you can see the bottom of 2 of the posts I was referring to where they protrude from the other side of the double sided circuit board .
It turns out my code predated both ; it was originally developed in 1983 .
His writings predate both the earliest known manuscripts of the Testimonium and the earliest quotations of the Testimonium by other writers .
I felt that it would be terrible to have to prick my finger once or twice per day .
At this , Vrim pricks up his ears .
Both of those traditions predate Christianity , and it was n't until Constantine 's rule that they were reinterpreted as celebrations of the Christian faith .
Also - we have some small cracks in the grout in the upper corners of the shower , where we have & quot ; thicker & quot ; tiles that protrude from the wall -LRB- do n't know the technical term for this -RRB- .
But they have one relay that primes as well as runs the pump , as well as capabilities to run the pump manually if you want to .
I will premise my remarks by stating that the behavior of the financial institution was not wrong , or at least not illegal .
Did you see the one in which he opined that Virgil predated Herodotus ?
AppleScript is just one of several client languages for these services -LRB- it was n't even the first , btw ; UserTalk predates it -RRB- .
However in true & quot ; 3-piece & quot ; baseboard , the cap protrudes well beyond the rectangular section and makes the toe necessary to prevent straight-legged furniture from bunging the cap .
: It predated the full formal development of general relativity by about four years .
He could see from our US passports that my husband 's roots in the area predated the establishment of the state he served .
Dear Indians , The article is highly thought inductive , calls for a greatdeal of introspection and pricks one 's conscience too ... .
They have a dragon that protrudes out , that appears to be hand painted on the cup and saucer .
Perhaps if they got to this in the original hearing , and premised the argument that no damage was done to the sport as a result , they might have fared better , but not likely .
They like to sexal , just like human beings like to sexal , and they also go ouch , when some one or some thing pokes them , or pricks them , such as the doctors needle at the doctor 's office .
& quot ; We have the game plan that will ensure that we prick the eyes of the Stars to gather enough clouds to cover their glitter. & quot ;
They do n't have to be long enough to protrude through the carpet .
Using a fork , prick a few holes in the top of the empanadas for steam to escape .
That primes the rail .
The Sacred Bloodline predates Salic Law by almost half a millennium , Art -- not that I would expect this fact to occur to a Chronologically Cluless Cretin who thinks that Virgil predated Herodotus .
You have also maintained that Virgil predated Herodotus .
What-if related newsgroups predate the Internet - I well remember the old Fidonet Echoes in the mid 1980s .
The system for managing the web pages actually predates most of the lisp web-frameworks by quite a bit , and the pages do their job adequately , so there 's no incentive to switch from PHP .
And I prickled him with a pineapple in a Sansbury 's wheelchair !
The roots of the cuspids and bicuspids can protrude through the floor of the maxillary sinuses causing abscesses and sinus infection which must be cleaned out , but not by an oral surgeon .
The fact that it floats tells you somthing about the density , and you can even made a rough guess based on how much of it protrudes above the liquid .
Since it is so widespread in such a variety of languages , I would guess it might be a fairly old phrase that might even predate a lot of the languages .
Pat it , and prick it , And mark it with a & quot ; T & quot ; And put it in the oven , For Tommy and me .
This time , I 'm just doing it to prick you .
The dowel now protrudes from the top end of that central core .
Way , way , back I had this very poor model of a Lightning that was molded in silver and predated the Airfix one , at least in its MPC U.S. issue .
The series of wars that have occurred since the Iraq-Iran War are debatably the products of a historical Anglo-American project in the Middle East - a project that was once a solely British project that predated the Cold War .
-- Josh Its all because they did not want to use the term & quot ; prick the pie & quot ; which really is the way to do it .
Finally , the New Madrid area faulting predates the Cretaceous , as indicated by subsurface geologic faulting .
The symptoms predate the antibiotic .
Some are getting around that by drilling a hole in the fuselagecanopy area through which the little nub antenna may protrude and see better .
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Or are you suggesting that we should terrorize people with this fictive threat in order to extort them into a behaviour of which you approve ?
There are a lot of people around with a lot of money , and they 'll pay ridiculous prices to feather their hobbies and pastimes .
What does it mean to be a citizen of & quot ; the land of the free and the home of the brave & quot ; if we allow our minds and our nation to be so easily hijacked by a pack of lies construed by a foreign power that terrorizes our citizens and extorts our government officials ?
But , because of the rich world 's disproportionate purchasing power , many of us can feast every day .
Zoldan would also testify that the Gambino Family led by John Gotti extorted a huge sum of money from him in order to do business in New York .
Egremont firemen extinguished a chimney fire at 12 Windrigg Close , on Saturday night , with no damage to property .
Absence is to love what wind is to fire ; it extinguishes the small , it enkindles the great .
Going to court to try to extort some amount of money from the father would not be good for anybody .
Because of this I find it particuarly repugnant that one of the ' pilots ' who killed 49 human beings because of his incompetence is trying to extort money from an INNOCENT party , to help pay for injuries that nobody but him and his Captain are responsible for .
They feast on the salmon smolts as they are released .
What he was saying was that since E85 still has SOME gasoline in it , using water to extinguish it does n't work much better than trying to put out gasoline with water .
We consider this to be up to jointly , as a family , and object to being micromanaged by busybodies at DHS who have no RIGHT to direct , order or extort such a thing .
I suppose a cougar might feast on them , but I do n't know what else .
Now , I 'll cry tonight like I cried the night before and I 'll feast on her eyes But I 'll dream about the door .
Also , if you place the mylar on the outside after you are complete you may get it to feather quite nicely to the original material .
And pretty soon , it 's time to feast all over again. & quot ;
When he reached the river Xanthus , which is in Lycia , the king received him with all goodwill , feasted him NINE DAYS , and killed nine heifers in his honour , but when rosy-fingered morning appeared upon the tenth day , he questioned him and desired to see the letter from his son-in-law Proetus .
There 's evidence Magedson extorts money from companies to clean up their image on his site .
While in hell , Melek Tawus , in seven thousand years filled seven jars with his tears of repentance which extinguished the fires of hell , or at the last judgment will be used to do so .
I was trying to extinguish her but I could not , because she burnt my hands , legs , and shoulder .
said Corante , who is well-known and respected in the area where the Chupacabra feasted on blood and spread fear among the population. & quot ;
Even though he kills and extorts money , he still feeds thousands of people .
' communist ' meant someone who believes in marxist ideology but has come to mean , thru the dimunitive ' commie ' , a radical scumbag who wants to extinguish freedom and democracy and nuke the USA .
If you want to extort money from a corporation tainting a product is one place to start .
And then sometimes , it 's just a way to try to extort money from a successful company via lawsuit .
Now you can feast your eyes on the label of the mini-CD , as well as tap your toes to the first verse of BROTHERS UNDER THE SKIN .
Scanderously , you try to extort money from others , or force others to give you money , you do not have any right to .
At first I was willing to give him no feedback but still wanted positive feedback from him -LRB- since I 'm in the 20 to 30 purchase range , with no sales by me -RRB- , but the more I think about it , the more I think the reason his positive percentage is so high is that he extorts positive ratings , or at least suppresses negative ones .
You know your Mother meanes to feast with me , And calles herselfe Reuenge and thinks me mad .
but at least its a heart healthy fat. I 'm not a nutritionist , so maybe check with one before you feast on a river of salmon .
It can help you extinguish debt in a fraction of the time , put money away for a better retirement , and get you out of the month to month budget crunch that so many of us deal with all of our lives .
Sorry , I people have tried to extort me in the past .
I would appreciate an opportunity to feast my eyes on an Allmand that is not a total project boat .
SOKAIYA Japanese : A man with a few shares in several companies who extorts money by threatening to come to the shareholders ' meetings and cause trouble .
I am going to posta bunch for you to feast your eyes on .
After President Ikeda came back , and when the Nichiren Shoshu High Priest Nikken demanded absolute obedience to extort vast sums , first Daisaku Ikeda was excommunicated , and then the other 10 million members of the SGI were excommunicated by the Nichiren Shoshu Priesthood .
While it was the U.S. Supreme Court that finally extinguished the prospects of a Gore presidency in 2000 , the Democratic candidate had only himself to blame for a verdict so close that it lent itself to what happened .
I 'm sure there are others here like that , and we do n't tar and feather them , either .
& quot ; Whomever was setting these fires knew the larger cities would have the resources to fight them and that it would take days to extinguish a fire in a remote area .
The WassermanJames DiModica venture was an on-going scheme to extort contractors .
The reason the society has to keep the bloodline secret is that the Catholic Church wishes to extinguish it and wipe out all traces of the rival religion , which it sees as a threat to its existence .
it was found later that the amount they tried to extort from these hard-working people -- was just a ' mistake ' , as revSCAM called it .
I 'd rather feast on the vittles the guards toss the hounds .
He saw it all as a marvelous opportunity to socialize with the people , his friends , and to feast to one 's delight at church socials and bazaars .
It 's time for you to lay aside the devil 's fruit , pick up your Bible , and begin to feast on what God has to say about Himself , you , your life , and others .
That does seem to make a difference when you have to feather the edges of the patch .
When he reached the river Xanthus , which is in Lycia , the king received him with all goodwill , feasted him nine days , and killed nine heifers in his honour , but when rosy-fingered morning appeared upon the tenth day , he questioned him and desired to see the letter from his son-in-law Proetus .
Three years later , he was sentenced to eight years in prison for conspiring to extort payments from companies seeking licenses to do business in Alabama while he was in office .
We left the note by the lamp and extinguished the candles and left them to their dreams .
It did n't want to run , but I feathered the gas pedal until it was able to maintain an idle .
He was arrested at night a week before he was to travel to Beijing to complain about the award , and charged with trying to extort $ 6,000 from local companies by threatening to expose them .
my question is , are they going to come up with a different story to extort money from me .
Hoselines were connected to the stairwell standpipes , extended down the hallway , and into the suite , enabling Firefighters to extinguish the fire in just under one hour .
During the fires , the & quot ; mobile units & quot ; , racing around in firetrucks , even extinguished fires for their clients .
ITYM , attempting to extort money from the Officers of the Court in your state .
And here is a news flash for you : if you want to extort money from a corporation it 's very easy to fly to xxxxxxx cities , get a bunch of friends to sabotoge procucts , etc. The distibution chain is very long , from the factory to ulitmate destination of your cats food dish there is alot of stops along the way where the food can be tampered with .
It might be real , but if it is , it was effectively suppressed early in their divorce proceedings , when Federline was trying unsuccessfully to use it to extort his wife for a better settlement .
He might want your computer to join his army of bots , which will be used to attempt to extort money from a bank .
What neat repast shall feast us , light and choice , Of Attick tast , with Wine , whence we may rise To hear the Lute well toucht , or artfull voice Warble immortal Notes and Tuskan Ayre ?
You theists are attracted to ignorance like blowflies to dung , and for the same reason : you prefer to feast on it as a primary form of nourishment .
And , there is little reason to believe that the magazine 's apology will do little to extinguish the anti-American flames that were stoked by the original report .
It has sought to attempt to extinguish democratic debate with violence and to impose its extremists agenda on the Palestinian people in Gaza , now responsible Palestinians are making their choice and it is the duty of the international community to support those Palestinians who wish to build a better life and a future of peace. & quot ;
The relationship between Wasserman and James DiModica was obviously an illegal joint venture to extort union contractors with the approval of the Gambino family .
Never try to extort more than it would cost to have you killed .
When he reached the river XANTHUS , which is in Lycia , the king received him with all goodwill , feasted him NINE DAYS , but when rosy-fingered morning appeared upon the tenth day , he questioned him and desired to see the letter .
It takes no more than four repetitions to extinguish an undesirable behavior .
The Kurds made willing henchmen for the Tukrs when thex extinguished them .
Since you could n't feather it set up a lot of drag making it difficult to make it around to land .
Andrew is not a man , he 's a worm that feasts on the bones of the dead .
The states do exactly as they 're told by the federal government , because they are threatened with the loss of tax dollars being returned to their state - dollars that should have never been sent to DC in the first place , let alone used to extort obedience to a powerful federal government .
But that 's just what you 'd expect , he adds , from a woman who tried to extort $ 200,000 from him .
For nearly 90 years the book was out-of-print , and if you could tar and feather a book and ride it out of the world on a rail , that 's what the Stratfordians would wish for it .
But here 's what I did n't do ; I did n't screw people over , I did n't sell them something that lacked integrity , I did n't extort money out of people or blackmail them , I did n't lie to them , in fact I did n't expect them to do anything that was n't entirely justified .
I was yet in my youth , but I always remembered my elders talking between themselves about the bhaisahebs and how each of them was trying to extort more and more money from them in different ways , and almost always got away with it .
Part of the problem , according to Mayor Michael Bloomberg , was that residents apparently tried to extinguish the fire themselves .
If you 're worth anything , they do a quicky kidnapping and call and extort the money from your family : & quot ; We need $ 10,000 and we need it right now .
Some fewe crummes of my booke he hath confuted , all the rest of his inuention is nothing but an oxe with a pudding in his bellie , not fit for any thing els , saue only to feast the dull eares of ironmongers , ploughmen , carpenters , and porters .
Any new cars will depreciate the most in the first year , then a little less every year thereafter , so it 's not a straightline if you are to draw a line .
If you do , you 'll be glad you got the 1200 as there is a very small used market for the 883 's and they depreciate the fastest of all of the models .
anybody in this country has been trying to demoralize the troops , it is you , sir , and your members of the Democrat Party .
It was denied and he was forced to depreciate the items .
During World War II , the Japanese developed a way to demoralize the American forces .
Ownermanagers tend to validate activities that they understand and devalue those that they do n't understand .
However , it would seem that clamping might deform the coax .
The problems I 'm having relate to understanding how the Servlet could indicate to the client that the data its sending is complete and ready to be deserialized -LRB- i.e. , what delimits the end of an Object stream ? -RRB- as well as the appropriate use of the servlet outputstream 's flush -LRB- -RRB- and close -LRB- -RRB- methods .
I 'm not an accountant , but I seem to remember someone telling me that this type of thing depreciates over a period of something like seven years .
It is looking pretty shabby and I 'd like to paint it , but it 's been suggested that repainting would devalue it .
It says the IFS variable -LRB- which I assume is the default , since I did n't change it -RRB- delimits the words in the line .
They are calculated to demoralize the Lebanese people and debilitate their economy .
Of course you should take the Miata -- nothing else will be as fun to drive , the car is notoriously reliable , and the car is n't going to depreciate much at this point .
He depreciated the value of the national currency. & quot ;
It would also depreciate I usually do n't use humor-related smileys when I 'm worried .
The structure will deform and absorb energy , but it does n't rebound because it is n't elastic , so it can only do it once . -RRB-
& quot ; If anybody in this country has been trying to demoralize the troops , it is you , sir , and your members of the Democrat Party , & quot ; Limbaugh said .
wrote : Arnold Kling wrote the following : I understand that if you raise the growth rate of the money supply , the currency depreciates .
I believe that OSS devalues the commercial market .
A car depreciates about $ 5K when you drive it off the lot .
Arnold Kling wrote the following : I understand that if you raise the growth rate of the money supply , the currency depreciates .
Not only do I have to put up with someone elses mistake , go through this ordeal , but also my car now depreciates to a greater extent .
Yes , the BFH method has a nasty tendency to deform the new bearings .
The entire point of it was that a Senate vote of no confidence in Bush would demoralize our allies and embolden the enemy .
After all , this is the easiest way to demoralize an enemy .
The other possibility is that he depreciates the power of his thought .
Give me an antique that increases in value any day as opposed to a new item that depreciates the minute you take it out of the store .
When you 're good at something and have been doing it for a long time , there 's a tendency to devalue it .
The narcissist at first idealizes and then devalues the therapist .
And I have used the term feedpoint to denote the point that delimits the role of the transmission line and the radiator .
And if you use parens , delimit the parameter from the keyword by whitespace , so that it is clearly marked as not being a method call .
$ 950 a month to drive a car that will depreciate to 50 % of value in less than five years ?
Do you feel that this devalues the religion in any way ?
how to devalue somethign .
Essentially , you 're paying for the cost of the car 's depreciation during the years when it depreciates the most .
I need to come up with a general financial analysis for this deal and show why it 's profitable for EDP , how long does it take to depreciate the cost , and what kind of return is expected or predicted .
The only definite change I could see is that the loss of Lee would demoralize the AoNV , leading to more desertions in 1864-65 .
To see how , look no further than the combination of one-party control and corruption and how it deforms the legal system .
IAC , it behooves you to save as much money as you can on the purchase price ; let 's be nice and say that your Honda -- just by virtue of its brand name -- will depreciate only 15 % during its first year .
This does not mean that we devalue ourselves completely .
Also , in looking at the text file in MSWord , I see apostrophes , but they look different than the apostrophe used to delimit a field value .
The backticks are to delimit identifiers .
For the powers that beto persist in this approach is to demoralize some of the best soldiers we have .
Of course , Calhoun County 's currency depreciates even further given that over 16 percent of the population lives below the poverty line and 40 percent of residents are of Latino origin , according to the 2000 Census , and that the County is already the site of a Superfund .
-LSB- M -RSB- I understand that if you raise the growth rate of the money supply , the currency depreciates .
the YAS275 - cheaper than the YAS-62 -RRB- which is a much better instrument and would depreciate less than a new Stagg if you do n't stick with it .
2484 The gravity of a lie is measured against the nature of the truth it deforms , the circumstances , the intentions of the one who lies , and the harm suffered by its victims .
You do n't want to devalue them , do you ?
- Do you think that browsers will continue to support eval -LRB- -RRB- , and not depreciate it in the future for security reasons ?
The aim of PSYOP is to demoralize the enemy by inseminating doubt among his troops as well as the local population .
I think it 's very hard to say because how much leverage there is depends on the details of how the spoke is supported at the elbow and just how things move around -LRB- and do n't forget about the interleaving -RRB- when the rim deforms at the contact patch .
It will depreciate at least 50 % the day it is delivered to you , but if you take good care of well-made furniture , even if your children may not want it , your grandchildren may appreciate it .
To clean the medal will , in all liklihood , devalue it IMHO .
By making the statement he made at the time , he sought to demoralize the West and so convince it that there was nothing to be done to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons .
& quot ; Perfect inelasticity means that the object deforms and stays deformed. & quot ;
As I have tried to show -LRB- by references -RRB- , it was Kant 's & quot ; musings & quot ; that delimited the field of modern natural science in the first place .
After ten years , I think that I 've let the resale value of the car depreciate enough for me .
In fact , depreciates the currencies value .
That delimits what does not happen .
This delimits individual options .
As you can see it is assumed that it will depreciate $ 4000 the first year , $ 2000 the second and so forth .
Every time a prominent American or the media speaks out against the Administration , the military , the war effort , etc. , it provides encouragement and hope to the enemy and demoralizes our troops .
You ca n't deform your society to that extent , and you ca n't shunt people aside and rip away any kind of safety net , any kind of program that gives them hope , and not expect political consequences .
-LRB- I do n't wish to devalue that achievement , but the CEO is expected to be able to do more than that in the long term -RRB- .
I guess what i 'm asking is which car price range will depreciate more , what 's the chance that I will have to spend a lot on repairs for the cheapr car , and how easy will they be to sell eventually .
It will also devalue the US dollar to its true worth of about 40-20 % .
It 'll be a house made of beams and two by fours just like the regular kind , it does n't depreciate like a mobile home .
If anybody in this country has been trying to demoralize the troops , it is you , sir , and your members of the Democrat Party .
As to a quantitative effect of QR compression on axle fatigue , I 'm not sure I have the abilities to analyze that , but the QR forces are rather large typically , enough to elastically deform the axle -- it should have an effect .
I know the damage to the sign will depreciate it greatly , but I do n't want her to give it away for nothing either .
The fact that the U.S. continues to run a large trade deficit indicates that the dollar needs to depreciate further , which of course is not welcome in the eurozone and the U.K. Several countries still depend heavily on exports to the U.S. market to support their domestic employment , especially China and Japan .
I - 38050 Any new cars will depreciate the most in the first year , then a little less every year thereafter , so it 's not a straightline if you are to draw a line .
Nobody short of Bellatrix would do snot for him. he also wanted to demoralize Harry .
It demoralizes our troops .
The purpose of these wars is to destroy the nation state , slaughter the best of humanity , demoralize , dehumanize , and profit .
Only a moron buys bleeding edge technology , it depreciates in value so fast it 's not even funny .
I owned my early '04 for quite a while before it depreciated even a dollar , and today , after four years and a day , it can be sold for 80 % of what I paid for it in 1003 -LRB- kbb.com -RRB- .
Lets degrade and pick-holes in you & quot ; profession & quot ; There are many reasons that a dealer may not choose to price an item , or engrave the price on a piece of granite , but I see NO point in trying to explain it to you , until of course , you take of that set of blinkers that you are clearly wearing and the cotton-buds out of your ears .
Facing Cyclops : The level beneath Cyclops , I engrave a permanent Elbereth -LRB- or hard-engrave into the floor if I do n't have a perm E method by then -RRB- , go upstairs , wake up Cyclops , go back downstairs and duke it out with him .
We , as non-aligned countries , will have to entrench ourselves in defending the United Nations Charter - because , otherwise , it will be redrafted with the deletion of every trace of principles such as the sovereign equality of States , non-intervention and the non-use or the threat to use force .
Therefore , we consider that any recognition of this kind is equivalent to conceding the right of return , which would entrench the exile and dispossession of our people and put an end to our cause .
We have a lot of oil shale , but maybe we really do n't want to excavate sizable portions of Utah , or maybe we decide we do n't care because there is no other choice .
This system worked as long as the archaeologists remained on the sites , but it was one of the main reasons for the later destruction ; people now knew how to excavate and what they could find .
But today we are in urgent need of an inoculation campaign against an entirely different threat to our nation 's health -- namely , the Bush administration 's exploitation of its & quot ; global war on terror & quot ; to eviscerate the rule of law and our constitutional checks and balances ; to prolong the disastrous occupation of Iraq ; and to lay the groundwork for military strikes against Iran .
: -RRB- If you DO find the upstairs , engrave in the dust on them & quot ; TROLL WITH WAND OF DEATH .
It will only entrench the Greco-Turkish division .
Engrave this on your forehead .
As the government eviscerates social programs , Bush will get another $ 100 billion for war .
First thing I do is engrave Elbereth with my wand of fire , then obliterate the quest monsters with turn .
If the Bush administration wants to continue its wars in the Middle East and to entrench the & quot ; unitary executive & quot ; at home , it will have to conduct some false flag operations that will both frighten and anger the American people and make them accept Bush 's declaration of & quot ; national emergency & quot ; and the return of the draft .
This entrenches a system of patronage .
It is a concerted , deliberate attempt to eviscerate thirty years of environmental law .
Apparently no one knows who engraved the image of Shakespeare 's monument in Rowe 's 1709 edition of Shakespeare 's works , but there is absolutely no reason to believe that it was Thomas Betterton , the gout-ridden and aging actor .
He and his team will spend more than a year investigating before deciding whether to excavate .
wrote : The Colts will eviscerate the Steelers in the RCA dome .
He reportedly engraved the name of a girl who had died in a traffic accident on her father 's car , along with various epithets .
It is simply a burial mound , made in the dirt , which someone piled up there after they tried to excavate the city , back in the time of the Incas .
Abacha waited a while before unleashing cruelty and criminality on the nation , and so did Babangida and Obasanjo -- but not so with this president who seem to be in a hurry to engrave his name in the book of ignominy .
If you 've ever seen much of an X-Factor on youtube , it 's pretty easy to understand why it would eviscerate Idol if it ever went up against it .
The Colts will eviscerate the Steelers in the RCA dome .
There were quite a few graves and the anthropolgy department tried to excavate them in order to move the bodies .
They eviscerate the human spirit , by insisting that , in the last analysis , everything is random and meaningless .
The prophet 's marriage to Zainab was a bold measure to forever engrave in the minds of his followers that as much as people would resist change , some changes are worth the effort .
Most significant , instead of dislodging the Iranian regime , a US attack , no matter how powerful , would probably entrench it - and at a terrible cost .
Although Vertue may have used his own inititative to & quot ; correct & quot ; the punctuation when he made his engraving , remember that he engraved it in 1723 .
That was a whole year Sony had to themselves to entrench their PS2 and when Xbox and Gamecube arrived , it was too late to make a dent in PS2 's dominance .
A few years ago some of the badgers from the sett excavated a new home on a nearby golf course .
I enjoy watching a good team eviscerate the opposition .
It is a physical reality , with a particular relief which engrave and raise the
Now feel free to eviscerate me in the comments .
11 With the work of an engraver in stone , like the engravings of a signet , shalt thou engrave the two stones with the names of the children of Israel : thou shalt make them to be set in ouches of gold .
They 've got a NEED to excavate .
Revenue was slumping , but the tax cuts exasperated the problem in the short term .
Good thing you did n't try to engrave while on the altar !
WE need to be able to eviscerate their pseudo scientific arguments -- and LOTS of people need to be able to fight this fight ! ! !
Today , the learning environment entrenches fear of authority and suppresses critical knowledge and learning .
It is also used by many lawyers , several of whom are highly trained hypnotists , when they desire to entrench a point firmly in the minds of the jurors .
Tell Your Member of Congress : Do n't Eviscerate ENDA October1 , 2007 People For The American Way http : www.pfaw.orgpfawgeneraldefault.aspx ?
I take an engraver and a brass plate and engrave Odometer replaced , vehicle mileage 121,123 , odometer mileage 92,572 and the date .
Money coming from Abuja only enhances our dependency and entrenches the culture of enslavement .
They know how to do one thing -- plop a long , one-story building in the middle of a big parking lot -- and they do it over and over .
Over the past two years , I 've seen a lot of great phones appear with the SAMSUNG logo plastered on the front of each device .
When the scrambled mixture is done , plop it on top of your tortilla .
That would require a way to plumb the absolute limits of not only what science CAN know , but also what it CA N'T know -- and to KNOW you 've covered all of it to boot .
He plops forward onto his face .
Radiation signs plastered all over the door , nobody should have been surprised at any detecto-noises .
It 's all too easy to argue that you might as well plop the whole mission down on Mars , if you 're going to go all that distance anyway .
Think I might just plop for a driver and be done with it .
The old growth on the plant may not necessarily plump up , but once it starts to grow in the spring , the new growth should be plump and fine .
So I 'm starting to think it really does n't matter if I go left , right , straight ahead or just plop down and sit it out .
It plumbs the depths of complete ignorance .
If you have some free time and want to help , let me know and we 'll plop some things in here and there .
I do n't want to just plop all of my recording equipment down in the middle of the living room .
I have a MLO file that runs around 250KB for desktop use , but when I sync it with my PDA , it plumps up to over 2 MB ...
One thing I did do last night was to plumb in a connection to the waste pump suction line from the washdown system .
Ulriksen may not be sure who wrote the plays , and so may be agnostic on the authorship debate , but given a choice of how to present the man behind the works he plumps primarily for the traditional figure of the Folio 's Shakespeare of Stratford .
It is simple to plumb up twin recievers on a compressor from what i have read .
They have to be active learners outside of the classroom and not just plop down in a seat , soaking up what a professor says .
Do n't you read your own stuff before you plop it out onto Usenet ?
It 'll serve you right , you slacker , If I ever show up with something that plumb outawhacker .
Plunker : Dog who plops things down .
But if it 's illegal to plumb it straight overboard then I guess I shall have to do so .
and yet a year later he shows up and plops a million seven , a million eight or two million dollars on the table as if it were paper money. & quot ;
and 30 seconds later , when i went back to watch more TV , she 'd follow me right back in there and plop right back down where she had been , and go right back to sleep .
anyway , all of that had very little to do with this thread , but i just thought up those lines a few minutes ago and this looked like as good a place as any to plop them down .
Yes even during commercials etc. What I 'd like to know is that since the local station is obviously re-encoding the network feed in order to plaster extra pixels on top of them , I believe we are seeing inferior quality .
Meanwhile , in a small saucepan bring the apple juice to a boil , add the raisins , and cook a few minutes to help them plump .
Yes , IF the person is caught in a crime they should have their faces plastered all over , though even then one suspects they 'd wear it as a badge .
If not , the US will plumb even greater depths .
Actually , I can see Black Adam as the kind of guy Thor would haul off to Asgard and plop down in front of Odin .
You could plop it down in the middle of area 51 and it 'd be self-guarding .
Not that I do n't have moments of some weakness , and I ca n't guarantee if someone wanted to plop , say .
Who here -LRB- besides Bratzi -RRB- plasters the group with OT political posts to the extent that you do ?
What I 've done to listen to this outdoors -LRB- when VERY close to the part of the house with the Sony head unit -RRB- is to plumb a Belkin FM transmitter into the headphone output of the Sony and then put a regular FM radio outside the house as close as possible to the Belkin which is indoors .
For myself , I tend to plump for the latter .
Btw , if I had to choose between the terms & quot ; Michiganian & quot ; and & quot ; Michiganite , & quot ; I 'd plump for the latter every time .
Now that I 've made this trip with them for 6 months , I 'm starting to figure out what I need and I try to keep all the items together and just plop them in the car .
Lovell must wonder what he has to do to get a game , Mackie plumbed new depths of uselessness on Saturday !
She plops beside him .
I wonder why they plumped for that name , it does n't rather make sense .
I can build nfo in GLDv2 mode , plumb it after messing with prtconf and but then I ca n't plumb vlan 2 interface , and I really need 802.1Q
Starting to plaster part of the outside of El Andalous now ! !
He said that there were a few exceptions where someone will plop down cash for one of these beasts .
SNIP But when it comes to how to plumb a system or what materials to use , there is nothing -- at least nothing specific to sanitaion .
It is magnetic so I just plop it on the roof between the sunroof and windshield and run the co-ax through the forward space with the open door .
CACA members may drop and plop .
And while this does give us a great deal of accurate information , it obviously does not give us exhaustive information that plumbs the depths of His infinity .
Well I was going to plop down a half mill on a new house for her .
Let me put it this way , I do n't see any Jenson Button stickers plastered on vehicles that are in trailer-parks or public housing .
She found a dead one by the road , took it to a taxidermist , and then plopped it on the TV .
Everything was purchased used , and it comes with a brand new Walbro 255 lph inline pump -- all you need to set it up is a few feet of fuel tubing , a handful of fittings , a safety shut-off switch -LRB- I ca n't be bothered to remove the one I plumbed $ 10 -RRB- , a few feet of wire , the ability to read instructions , and about half a day .
This is really a disservice to people that can not afford to plop down $ 25,000 or up for a more modern single seater .
Look at the leaves plastered to the road .
If I were a human I 'd be a little wary of Eredar that plop out of the sky and say & quot ; No , really , we 're good guys. & quot ;
I shall consider all your advice and probably plump for 10x50 's in the end. .
While I do n't agree that Dickens endorses a non-Stratfordian view -LRB- as some think -RRB- , I do think the passage indicates an uncertainty in his mind , as if the given information does not come together clearly or cogently or sufficiently , and rather than plumb that question , he is happy to leave it & quot ; a fine mystery. & quot ;
I can plop in it .
I really do n't want to use a laptop at work and I do n't want to plop down additional $ $ on a Palm at this point .
Pete I am easy , but the lazy one on me plumps fopr Hilsea ... . .
Or do his handlers just plop him down in front of the Teletubbies on the TV and tell him this is the latest video from EYE-rack ?
After dropping through the shrund , I had about 1cm of water ice plastered to my body .
Yancey writes that George Buttrick , who served as chaplain at Harvard , said that students would plop down into a chair in his office and opine , & quot ; I do n't believe in God. & quot ;
Does anyone know of any way to plumb an iPod in so that it can be controlled from the steering wheel controls ?
It 's amazing how it plumps up after being squished and vacuumed packed .
I plop the dough on the grates , with beautiful browned crispy results .
They plastered the area with MarxistLenninist posters and slogans , a feces spewing obsenity , and a photoshopped picture of John in blackface , all the while harrassing visitors with right-wing nonsense and obsenity-laden abuse of Democrats in general and John in particular .
This kind of stuff probably would n't be useful for everybody -LRB- some people can actually remember which shows they want to watch AND what time they come on , but I 'm not that dedicated -RRB- , but it would make it easier for me to find something on when I randomly plop myself down in front of the TV and just want to veg out for a bit .
To plumb the soul , you need a metaphysician .
Then it would pick a spot and in a manner more associated with its bigger cousin -LRB- Pied Kingfisher -RRB- , it would hover and plop into the water in an attempt to grab a snack .
He said that there were & quot ; a few exceptions where someone will plop down cash for one of these beasts & quot ; .
Such a scenario is already evidenced by the fact that , although UK operators may go for the 2.6GHz frequency band next year , the US has already opted for 2.5GHz today , and some countries in Asia such as Indian and Vietnam are expected to plump for 3.3GHz in the future .
after the pour plop the wooden plungerrammer in to the riser and push down .
My first task is gon na be to hook up a boost gauge to see how healthy my current setup is -LRB- so i would like to compare the figures to something -RRB- , and then use it to try and get the boostfueling right when the intercooler is on , since i 'm hoping to plumb in a device to let you easily adjust the wastegate , to get a bit more power out of the old girl !
You can plop them on their backs and rub their tummies and they go to sleep .
Hi Can anyone point me to a list of revisions on SAAB's in particular the 9 ?
Staffan The usual suggestion - please post a link to your site so we can point our diagnostic tools at it .
I 'll post anything I please and my comments to Scott Lowther were appropriate - a measured response .
I certainly would n't post something so inflammatory unless I had the proof to back it up .
Russ i can post a summary later tonight if my hotel 's internet path has improved .
I do n't want to discourage snipping , but my name appears in your post twice above and I did n't write a word of what you posted .
Should I post my writings on a blog ?
Will you post the recipe ?
Theory and small labo experiments point to possible Q Computers , which may be much , or very much faster than current ones , but nobody having a bit of sense talks about instantaneity , or super luminal speeds .
All I really want to do is get my new domain name to point to that site .
Now you too can post nonsense with your very own random - nonsense generator .
So I 'm hoping that someone out of their experience can point me to reasonably simple and intuitive ways to represent at least these two kinds of ifthenelse scenarios ... .
A flyer is attached so , if you are in the RAK , Ajman , Sharjah , Fujairah area , please circulate it to your colleagues and post it around your school .
If I had a website I 'd post a pic of the area I 'm talking about ...
I am looking for someone who either knows what this is worth or can point me towards the experts .
Even though you 've unloaded your rifle point it in a safe direction and work the action as quickly vigorously as your knuckles will allow a couple hundred times .
Can someone point me please in the right direction on how to fix this problem ?
maureen You can point directly to politicians for the current situation .
In my area near Philadelphia , PA , PECO Energy is asking us to " enroll " in a program to receive 300 kWh per month of PECO WIND energy , at a cost of an additional $ 7.62 --- only they point out 25 per day .
Businesses may post responses , he said , though few do .
Above all , read the posts here and post your own messages when you need to .
But since the charter is what the charter is , it 's helpful to post it periodically along with a reminder of why the group was created and why it exists .
The Jews have an organization that actively prosecutes and monitors people who point fingers at them and snicker .
I thought that odd , especially since all the links that point to Tom Doherty 's page are obviously intended to point to the publisher .
In its absence , ES & S sent election officials a warning sign to post at polls advising voters that they might need to press the screen for several seconds before their votes would register , " wrote Wired News .
It will post signs where travel is prohibited , spokesman Mark Struble said .
Would it be possible for the original posters to post them again or send me an email of their contents .
We try to keep current on them and do our best to point readers to authoritative links confirming or debunking them .
2 Everest is the highest mountain in the world Anyone who says something like " But Earth 's rotation is another source of potential energy " is in no position to point fingers at others who call supersonic fluid drag a form of friction .
i 'd go into shops and helpfully point out the inappropriate apostrophe on their window sign .
I will post info about those training runs to this board if any others would like to join us .
I 'll post any replies I get later .
I 'm surprised you found enough time between cross burnings to post here .
I am sorry for posting my information and I can not delete it " If you 're using Outlook Express you should be able to delete it : point the post that you 've send from the Message menu chose " cancel message " .
It was already fouled on the main anchor line causing the stern to point into building huge seas .
And yes before you point it out I am aware that this is outside of the terms of standard google maps API , however I am running on the 30 - day trial of the Enterprise API , and I 'm still awaiting a response from the Google help .
Brian posted the URL in another post in this thread .
Can someone please point me to some noteslinks on surface flows which are not surface diffusion ?
cooling would seem to be the issue , solutions include add 3rd party cooler by zalman or similar , remove a side from the case as above , and point a desk fan into the opening or , as it 's almost certainly still under warranty , rtb !
Upon hearing about the continual victimization that Steve is subjected to here , my fellow group members have implored me to post the following comments , as some way of silencing the 2 troublemakers in particular .
Harry You post this with such a sick relish , it 's like you love everything that ever goes wrong or is negative in any way for the United States .
I also want to remind him that under the rules of ride leader he must post a ride review .
If it did not accept the truth , then it would forever be wrongful , and it would forever be RIGHT for the correct entity to point the finger of derision at the wrongful entity until such a time when it would accept the truth .
- Dr. House I 'm afraid ' V ' failed to take into account that the ' inner peace ' that you rightfully point out is lacking , is not just my own .
The ' William Cooke ' may well point at his father - in - law , Burghley .
It is not possible to set up an appropriately - configured web page on your computer , and point your browser at it ?
To me , his posts are the most credible of all so far and there are very many credible experts who post here with many influencing biases and fields of particular expertise .
Could someone summarize or point me to a summary of the status of server - based TW , including incremental demand - driven downloading and uploading ?
Mr. Bersik and the eight men around him staring at monitors are playing a cat - and - mouse game with the people who post copyrighted clips on the Web .
thanks Chet Just point your browser here http:www.fordvehicles.comdealerships
Can anyone point me to information on the history , invention , or evolution i.e .
Quite true , but Vince 's does point out to Doug the stupidity of his generalisations .
Create an empty folder on the hard drive which you can point iTunes at is what I should have said here .
If need be you could post the smaller log .
How can I fix the format you post your messages in ?
I wonder how she knows it 's not nice to post someone 's email , but does n't know not to post FS ads on a discussion group .
" No . When you post a query to a newsgroup , it 's assumed you will hang around for the answer .
wendy wrote : This is why I rarely post anything around here .
OK Google Groups now lets you post pictures .
Can anybody point me to how to use the DOM to emulate position : fixed in IE6 .
With that said , I wo nt bother to post any more after this , cause it is just getting silly .
I was asking you to control your posting and not post stuff you feel is repulsive .
If the WTS changes it's view and teaches evolution then their detractors will simply point and laugh at how Jehovah keeps changing his mind about what he wants the WTS to teach the JW's .
And I will be very grateful if you will email me or post the recipe with more precise instructions .
Why did you post this meltdown twice , jackass ?
-- Bob G. Can you point out where Reedy & Kathman go wrong in their essay ?
It was right for the lame ones to point a gun to their head ..
Thanks Sheila Can anyone point me in the direction of a website that would have pictures of the bear anatomy ?
Also , is it ok to post images from magazines , web etc if they are credited or is there some copywright thing I have to do ?
Thanks in advance for any help or websites you can point me to !
Anyone can post anything they like .
If anyone has useful comments , suggestions and / or can point me to work - in - progress , patches , etc that would help me further investigate this , I 'd appreciate it .
I wrote an original post about people like yourself who point accusing fingers because at the end of the day , they are what they accuse others of being .
Did you notice the hours I typically post on this site ?
Wes did point out some issues like the low PCI and PCIe slot counts .
We will post highlights daily and a more complete trade show on the web right after NAB .
I should take a picture of the screw and post it somewhere .
It is a funny little dream , and very easy to feel seperate from it ... , making it easy to point our finger ...
If I need to roll back the OS to an earlier version , can someone point me to directions to setting up a separate boot partition on the machine like below ?
As I post this it reminds me I need to go camping soon .
On Miscellaneous Subjects Like stones rolling down hills , fair ideas reach their objectives despite all obstacles and barriers .
Alongside Sybil , then , Mr. Parker 's students read Karl Marx and Frederick Engels 's " Speeches on Poland " from The Revolutions of 1848 , a selection from Engels 's The Condition of the Working Class in England , and part of Thomas Carlyle 's Chartism .
Just remember this also , your efforts do not need to stop after 30 days or you reach 30 participants , keep posting and getting more and more .
Just read a web story about a dragging anchor .
Nope , the ticking is just the drive recalibrating when it ca nt read the platter .
If you want to see what can happen to a product after an acquisition , read amateur test reports of oil filters on the web : you're eyebrows will raise .
But terrestrial broadcasts will reach only about 75 per cent , so for the rest , satellite will be the only option .
Prospects for the construction sector are very promising , as many projects will reach completion stages and payments will be forthcoming .
The leaflets read : " SHAVING BEARDS AND TRIMMING BEARDS IS UN-ISLAMIC AND IS FORBIDDEN .
Just read the info on the page .
Simply read the Gospels :- now WHERE are you practicing medicine ?
" You may pray every day except Monday , There 's a chance you may reach someone live ; Please do n't pray before eight in the morning And there 's nobody here after five .
" Accelerating out , a short burst on the throttle sees you reach 225 kmh in fourth before dabbing the brakes for the final corner .
As a result the inside of an egg being boiled , wo nt itself reach boiling point .
A motto of recent sociobiology seems to be do n't believe everything you read in Gould !
Like if one person read any sick article some where they start thinking that way and we sow the seed in the people minds who would have never thought about it before .
My statement does n't preclude a possibility GM is hiding something until the time is right when gas prices reach ridiculous heights and will release a revolution to take the lead over Ford , so in meanwhile they do nt want to lose capitalization investements into current gas engines .
If you die before you reach 65 , 67 , 70 , there goe's all your SS payments down the toilet .
I 'm not sure the Giants are the only franchise in US sports history to reach the 10 000 wins mark !
Waugh had two tries at University at two different majors in the American sense - he ' read ' two subject in the English , and underwent a crisis in each one he considered the pedagogies of each nonsensical and could n't bring himself to study something for which he had no respect .
I just read Poisoned Rose 's explanation of the original question , and I see I misinterpretted it .
I read an owners book one time for one , it said something about " reducing the beat " I wonder was it a low freq .
Anyone read the above article ?
But it s not the case for something like the Solidlights , which has 2 3 W LEDs , so wo n't reach full brightness until somewhat faster .
Application form duly completed in all respects with necessary copies of required documents should reach the Trust office on the address given above latest by 5th October 2007 .
The basic idea is to change the coolant before the corrosion inhibitors reach dangerously low levels .
This is because of the large size their brains reach .
Do you think it 's time I stopped letting him read books in bed ?
Obviously , I have logged on using my gmail account , for some reason I still ca n't post and read messages using my browser .
But sometimes people can just view one and the same issue from different angles , reach different conclusions , and still be right .
San Jose appears to have been the third largest demonstration in the country I was mistaken yesterday saying San Francisco was larger , yet outside of the San Jose Mercury News and the San Francisco Chronicle , I have n't seen footage of nor read about that demonstration anywhere .
Modern ones with electronic ballasts work fine , I have them in exposed outdoor porchlights and while they took a bit longer to reach full brightness , I had no problems using them down to 16 F which is the coldest I 've ever seen it get here , CA is quite a bit warmer , rarely even hitting freezing .
According to the Mid and Long Term Railway Network Development Program , the route length of China 's railways will reach 100,000 kilometers by 2020 , with a separation of passengers and freight traffic on busy trunk lines and half of the lines to be double tracked and electrified .
I read Crisis In Cons .
It 's a journal everybody can read where some one even small and unclever like you can be heard .
What you did n't realize is that anyone who takes your own words seriously , can reach such easy conclusions and expose your scheme .
An EPO officer read the fax that very day and , on 4 April , the EPO issued a communique confirming the withdrawal of the patent 's ' Contracting State GB ' status .
Using your randroid non-contradiction criteria tell us how you can logically reach the ' conclusion ' you reach .
One of the first passages I read really surprised me .
Comet McNaught 2006-P1 rounds perihelion on January 12th and COULD reach 2nd magnitude .
Always sad to read about someone dying , but I remember watching the Match Game and never quite figuring out - who she was , and why she was on the show .
you will reach at job seeker 's home page .
But Dawn 's radio signals may not reach Earth quite yet .
This is strictly random , and where one coin will have it reading correctly when the obverse side is facing up , another coin will read correctly when the reverse is facing up ...
Yes , I know : Edward Gibbon himself acknowledged that the literal Biblical sense of God " is repugnant to every principle of faith as well as reason " and that we must therefore read the scriptures through a veil of allegory .
Are these examples enough to reach irony ?
These kilns and furnaces reach temperatures in the thousands of degrees , and there is enough heat released in them every day to heat a normal house all winter .
Lying at a distance of two BILLION light - years away , it is the furthest any amateur equipment can reach and especially right from one 's backyard .
I noticed that , after the switch , that the oil pressure gauge would read somewhat lower than usual when the engine was hot ... and after three weeks or so , the gauge started reading VERY low at idle when warm .
Also , the first video to reach 1,000 views by March , 2008 will receive an IS - GR as well !
Aunt Judy 's beater going off a cliff will reach maximum speed just prior to contact with the ground .
Or give me A SINGLE DATE when I can read NYT without reference to " anonymous " .
There 's nothing extreme about it , and adding hideous acronym - ready names to methodologies makes me reach for the pointed stick .
The engine may reach its absolute peak thermal efficiency at WOThigh RPM on the peak of its power curve but then you do n't need Nope !
I read somewhere that Microsoft has just spent about a billion and a half in the last year acquiring patents , which I believe is going to be the basis for future income for Microsoft .
As a house owner myself I went nuts when I read about your neighbours behaviour .
If you want machines to read the license info the CC namespace seems to be the way to go .
If tears reach one 's throat , or if a person applies oil to his hair or moustache , or uses henna , and then detects the taste of it in his throat , this does not break his fast .
No ? Just read the headlines tomorrow .
I recently read a posting about it which I am no longer able to locate !
To some extent I believe the argument Whiskers and I are having over narrow versus broad definition of Christian is not settled in the modern world and requires further dialogue among a broad range of Christians in numerous settings to reach consensus .
If not , what could your objection possibly be , other than that you have doubtless never read either ?
Has she ever even read Hamlet ?
You see i speak write and read 4 languages and english is nt my first .
For detailed information read further ...
" We are seeing combined incentive spending for Japanese automakers reach record highs , " said Jesse Toprak , executive director for industry analysis for Edmunds.com , an industry research firm .
Some medicine labels read , ' Take internally ' ; others say , ' Take externally . '
But , it wo n't be for long Until I reach that judgment seat , Upon God 's Great White Throne .
and for spraying insecticides on trees often you 'll need to climb a ladder for the spray to reach the uppermost portions , it 's not easy to climb even a small step ladder with a sprayer tank , the liquid sloshes and can easily put you off balance , plus a couple of gallons can get very heavy on a ladder .
The seller had a ridiculously high price on it , plus the declaration " museum quality , " in the hope , I assume , no one would be so crass as to comment about the several sloppy repairs and gleefully reach for his wallet .
Maybe the first answers ' danced around the problem ' enough that the ' communication fog ' obscured things a bit , but that s how I read your posting .
Depends on if you care about spoilers and since I do n't read many Marvel mainline comics , I could n't care less .
All deposits eventually reach their peak at some point and start to decline as far as how much you can produce from a given deposit .
Pour enough hot water into large pan to reach halfway up side of flan mold .
Of the 38 states with death penalties , Florida is the only one that does n't require juries to reach a unanimous decision on at least a portion of the death - sentence recommendation .
I just read Sean 's reply , which stated something i disagreed with .
With online delivery , buyers can purchase all the way up to , and even on Christmas Day and still have purchases reach their recipients on time .
Springsteen , and Shakespeare , reach into us unlike nearly any other artist .
Oh , must be at your end then , because I receive and read email on my Linux server ; I did get your reply thanks and I responded back .
We read only that Moses , alone in the desert , was curious : " I will go over and see this strange sight - why the bush does not burn up . "
In my experience , the key to keeping the sound low on the stage is to have a drummer who can drum with light sticks and still make it sound good .
Have never drummed ?
In response to an email inquiry , when I was a newspaperman -LRB- no , I did n't sell old newspapers , I wrote them -RRB- , the style we used required that we capitalize the R in rabbi or C in congregation when using it as a name , as in " When the rabbi spoke , he told the congregation that Rabbi Cohen would be leading Congregation Etz Chaim next week . "
Autorelease pools -LRB- note Cocoa does not capitalize the R in the class name -RRB- are always implicitly added to the next pool up the stack when created , and removed when destroyed .
Apparently a few pubs tried out having some polypin cider on the bar after the local CAMRA branch tried to drum some interest during real cider week last year - Pilgrim , Pilgrim St , plus Dispensary & Lion , & if memory serves the Cracke does do real cider too .
They have not tried to drum Christianity down his neck , he goes to church with the school once a term , and he has told me that he can handle that -LRB- he largely daydreams -RRB- So that is at least one faith school I know of that has not even attempted to seperate kids based on faith , nor any other thing .
He was a hard bastard , but he really drummed into me how to make a complete and concise argument , which should bend to your opoonants view as much as is reasonable , in order to prove how silly it is .
However , capitalize a department name that is referred to as an entity -LRB- does n't have the word department or unit or whatever after it -RRB- .
See anyone can make up stories and drum up emotional support , but stick to the facts man !
-LRB- Sorry .. had to capitalize the proper spelling . -RRB-
He also drummed as they loudly sang Happy Birthday in English and Portugese !
Is it just Google Groups , or is there now an SL bot that automatically capitalizes spam thread titles ?
It does capitalize most words in headlines .
Keep in mind that we capitalized each word of all countries .
For example , Americans have had a certain mantra drummed into their heads nearly constantly for decades : government is bad , business is good .
If it went the other way and homosexuals started to drum up campaigns suppressing religious freedoms , things might start to make sense for your average Christian or Muslim .
Democrats said they will use the overnight session to capitalize on growing Republican unease with a war that has lasted longer than four years and resulted in the deaths of more than 3,600 U.S. troops .
To capitalize upon these advances it took a class of entrepreneurs , of which the most famous is Richard Arkwright .
But my mother always drummed it into me .
2 . Do not capitalize the articles -LRB- a , an , the -RRB- .
wrote : My initial contact to the dealer was email , and I specifically capitalized the word " CAMshaft " and gave him the P0340 code , but I think you are right .
Something you can do is try to drum enough sense into your own kids so that they do n't come to too much harm while teaching themselves to become adults .
No . Instead the SABC became part of the entire chorus that drummed up the right of the public to know .
With a slim figure and bright smile , the 25 - year - old could capitalize on her beauty to sustain her popularity .
But , you capitalized your T and that 's GOOD , But , you tested here instead of the proper test group and that 's BAD .
Is this the same reason you fail to add blanks between sentences , and fail to capitalize the personal pronoun ' I ' ?
The Big Lie Technique , repeating the same falsehoods over and over and over , drummed those lies into Americans ' heads day after day , month after month , with little if any skeptical analysis by the corporate mainstream media , which marched mostly in lockstep with Bush policy and thinking .
Capitalize the first letter in a sentence .
Did you mean to capitalize Wash ? -LRB- I figure that is Lear in the rainy hovel , no ? -RRB-
Should I drum out the memo or should I just brush it off like a lint from my sleeve ?
If you leave Sprint , prepare to pay the ETF -- but I predict that you 'll drum up additional disputes with your new carrier in short order .
We help our clients successfully respond and capitalize on these opportunities by providing professional services , wherever and whenever they are needed .
Yet , instead of correcting the failed policies , Trong demanded that force be used to handle the protest leaders and drummed up the accusation that 13 protest leaders colluded with foreign forces to foment unrest , without any evidence .
IF true , hopefully AMD - ATI will capitalize on any stumble by Nvidia .
One would think that with all this talk of abuses of rights the Liberal media could drum out at least ONE American in the last 6 years to claim abuse !!!!
i will start with verse 11 , but i 'll capitalize all of verse 13 because it is what caught my attention and my main point in question .
He never did meet that friend of a friend and is convinced it was a marketing ploy by unscrupulous auctioneers to drum up business when writing boxes were two a penny .
Cubby O'Brien drummed for the Carpenters as well as drums for Bernadette Peters .
The rulers soon learn to capitalize the reverence which the State produces in the majority , and turn it into a general resistance toward a lessening of their privileges . "
Ian Salsbury wrote : RTD did nt write either of those in fairness .
It drums into the minds of children the idea that everything native to India is worthless .
And capitalize big time on it .
If preliminary projections hold , it would appear that the Socialists were unable to capitalize sufficiently on dissatisfaction with the government .
Only 363 if you make it case sensitive and capitalize " God " though ...
Now that I own it , I plan to create many niche eBay stores and capitalize on this coming trend .
My parents drummed it into me that I was forbidden to go even near RR tracks , I always had to stay a respectful distance away from them .
However my dad drummed into my sister and me that we must always wear our seat belts if we sat in the front .
Just write your own function .
But as industry execs began to capitalize on hip - hop 's popularity , its renegade spirit was largely suppressed by displays of conspicuous consumption and gratuitous machismo .
The Sangh and its offspring organizations such as the BJP have successfully used the name of Rama as a ploy to garner Hindu votes and drum up anti-Muslim hatred .
Given the reference to my dog , I might choose to capitalize Magic .
Abbas drums up support for US meeting .
Avoid then , the deliberate manufacture of misery , but if trouble comes , cheerfully capitalize it as an opportunity to demonstrate His omnipotence . "
Is that because the doctor -LRB- or medical group or hospital or whatever the billing entity is -RRB- has some sort of agreement with Medicare not to drum the patients ?
Also unmentioned by the ' Fox friends ' was the fact that the terror warnings , which were reported Monday in the Washington Times , were from May of this year -- six months ago , despite the urgency with which the anchors drummed up the terror threat .
Understanding exactly what 's in our trash can help drum up better ideas for diverting it down the road .
But how the console makers capitalize on that decision depends on strategy .
Those who practiced Jonson 's rule in a very strict sense , such as Jonson himself , would only capitalize nouns that we would consider to be " proper nouns . "
TACTIC 2 : Trot out " experts " drummed up somewhere who are not real scientists , but can play one on TV -LRB- and in books , magazines , etc. -RRB- , to argue against reality in scientific - sounding terms .
I never capitalize drugs , because my expander does the ones that should be capitalized for me .
I would capitalize a department if the proper name were before it , Homestead Hospital Emergency Room , but without Homestead Hospital I would not -- he was taken to the emergency room .
I 'm not much of a grammarian , so I 'd appreciate it if anyone wishes to step in here and give me some help , but from what I 've seen there seems to be two possibilities : 1 -RRB- There was a variation in understanding as to what kinds of nouns constituted " proper nouns " ; or 2 -RRB- Some people just capitalized all nouns , despite what old Ben thought about it .
There are drummers who can drum well with a light touch -LRB- and light sticks -RRB- and drummers who ca n't .
And except for explicitly distinguishing the large Calorie from the small one , it sure appears to me common to not capitalize it .
And I must admit that it took me a long time to overcome the ideas drummed into me when I was in school that under a democracy people are more free than under any other political system , that under a democracy we are all free to think and say whatever we want , and that we have a greater responsibility as citizens of a democracy to make up our own minds about things independently , and so on .
That means the top pitchman in the 1990s , identified only as Barry Klein , drummed up more than $ 1.3 - million for Scientology each year .
Sheik Hilole said radical Muslims could interpret John Howard 's electoral loss as an opportunity to express their ideological beliefs openly and drum up their recruitment drive .
My logic , drummed into me by a Jesuit professor , tends towards the Thomistic and Aristotelean .
Wherein you learn such blindingly obvious tidbits such as : " Do n't capitalize .
things like Biospira and cycling seem to drum up posts like " TRASH , GARBAGE , you are fool if you use it " right next to posts that read something like " Sent from heaven , you are a fool if you do n't use it . "
The accusing finger points at ' experts ' who concocted the cholesterol theory to drum up business by spreading fear . " -- Udo
Were n't like he 'd ever gone and wasted hours on end trying to get Wash to drum the knack of flying into him , back when .
That means capitalizing the whole cost of developing our work force , just as our corporations capitalize the whole cost of developing their capital plant .
Hitler capitalized on that , used it skillfully , etc. Once he was defeated , most of the folks who were so bigoted DID leave power , or at least quit mentioning it .
Would that be why I capitalized the F ? Nahhhhh .
I did n't like any of the program , at all , and decided it was just ABC being greedy trying to capitalize on Elvis ' death anniversary .
You made me capitalize .
Mary Steenbergen , btw , was delightful and looked like a natural in the vintage dresses the costume people drummed up for her .
So hopefully Vector will either sell WordPerfect to someone who can do it right or will capitalize the product
He scoffs at suggestions that he 's taking his high - profile stance to drum up business and cash in on the publicity .
Soon , assemblers were invented to map machine instructions to human - readable and - manageable mnemonics , such as ADD and MOV .
But the government here has been thrown on the defensive by the Russian action , accused by critics of doing too little to meet a deadline for the five Arctic nations to map and claim huge areas of the Arctic seabed .
This runs off a memory stick , which I can plug into any Windows machine and keep my entire Usenet experience the same as if I were at home .
Can I plug keyboard outputs into two direct boxes to give them a low impedance signal , run them back to the board thru a snake , and then plug them into direct boxes to convert back to high impedance , and then run into a board channel ?
To get it working with windows , i activate the ' internet share ' on the HTC and plug it to the laptop by USB .
-LSB- -RSB- Then , I plugged in my Strat , and my volume control was suddenly scratchy .
Now you just go to the store , buy a radio and plug it in .
When I unplug the USB thumb drive and then plug it back in , I found that I need to mount it on devsdb1 instead of devsda1 .
Jane Olson , PhD , a genetic researcher at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , recently began a four - year , $ 2 million project to map genes in the selected relatives of 160 families with a history of fibromyalgia .
The first gif would display correctly as each of its colours -LRB- well most of them , as there are only 240 colours available -RRB- would map into an empty palette register .
Anything I need to be aware of specially to enable the DVI interface , or does it " just happen " if I plug that cable in instead of the VGA cable ?
but it does not apear to map in the trac instance ...
You will map and analyze business processes and determine opportunities achieved through influencing supply and demand of services .
A volcanic eruption does n't map perfectly to an antimatter bomb -- Tambora released tens of gigatons of energy , but over a period of several days .
The ETL Programmer will work with the DBA and data modelers to map the source system to the data warehouse models .
these days we map submodules through naming conventions like Component1.moduleA ,
- Douglas Adams You should never plug a tire .
Once the drive is out , you ca n't just plug it into another Mac as - is unless you have another laptop you can transplant it into .
Hello , I am looking for an adapter or cord that allows a Gameboy link -LRB- any system -RRB- to plug into a USB port of a PC .
We have almost 500 members mapped and I am afraid they are lost .
If this can be done , then how to map the MX records to google server ?
It 's likely older than I am , and I have n't bothered to plug it in at all , but it might well work as intended .
Hello everyone , I am implementating a memory tracker and need to map pointer values to allocation information .
I am trying to map news stories to the Google Map .
Simply plug in " Ilena Rosenthal " into Google Groups , and wait for your computer to nearly go nutz .
No , it 's not the model that fails , it is the attempt to map the curved spacetime onto a flat surface that does n't work in such extreme situations .
Oviously , when you plug in via firewire , some sort of software is initiated but I 'm not sure what exactly it is .
Provided you have the correct lead to plug into the wall it will work .
so i think it maps really close to what we need .
Complete Description : The Business Systems Analyst role is to capture and map inbound and outbound SWIFT MT54x Securities Lending Trades to internal Lending Systems .
i need to remove the underdash part of the radio to get to the wiring , as the adapter will not plug in to the under dash part .
For example , since I have the VIN number can I plug that in somewhere and it will tell me if it has leather , CD Changer , etc. Thxs
Actually , it would be more like 15 miles since Jim mapped it from Big Bone Lick SP and we would probably not ride all the way back there .
In an effort to halt the disappearance of species after species of frogs and salamanders over the past 25 years , dozens of scientists this week mapped out a plan of action , including emergency responses to save species under the greatest threat .
I picked up a Sky TVLINK from Argos , plugged it into the back of the second TV and made sure that the 9v was switched on via the installer menu .
Oil production has not recovered to pre-war levels , and parliament and cabinet officials are working to map out investment and ownership rights that will help move the industry forward . "
Works with the business unit to understand and map current and proposed business processes , identify and define technology initiatives that will support short - and long - term business objectives and strategies , complete analysis necessary to prioritize initiatives , including documentation of high level requirements , solution identification , budget and resource estimation , and cost - benefit analysis .
In speaking of Mr. Clay , his politics are diametrically opposed to ours ; he inclines strongly to the old school of federalists , and as a matter of course , would not favor our cause , neither could we conscientiously vote for him .
I disconnected the ethernet cable from the Airport and plugged it into the Powerbook .
the socket will plug in without having to move the wires from pin 1 to pin 2 , etc -RRB- .
Where do you plug in your electronics to get power ?
We mapped out the Matrix but for years we could n't find the right form and we knew we were not allowed to make even one mistake .
Some ISPs will provide -LRB- at no add'l cost -RRB- reverse DNS to map their ip to your domain name , just as your registrar maps your domain name to your ISP - assigned ip .
I would just take the plug from the cheapo charger mentioned above , solder it to that hypothetical source , and plug my phone into that .
We are also looking for help to map the river bottom in the area around the rocks .
in a sense it would seem this is the litmus test of " good " if not " great " ' art ' , in which what is going on in these relations begins to scale to larger issues of awareness , consciousness , values , insight , etc. and that much of this involves patterns , recognizing patterns and movements and flows and relations and organization as it maps into self - with - self modeling .
Men will never believe with a saving and real faith , unless God inclines their heart ; and they will believe as soon as He inclines it .
With more than 300 astronomers and engineers in 25 institutions around the world , the SDSS - II is continuing to map one quarter of the entire sky , determining the position and brightness of hundreds of millions of celestial objects , including the measurement of distances to more than a million galaxies and quasars from the Apache Point Observatory in New Mexico .
Another reason why you would n't want to do that sort of filtering higher up the food chain : phones plugged into a phone socket on the modem would NOT then work .
Pop the memory card out of the Action Replay kit and plug it into one of your Xbox 's controllers .
Hi Josh , The power of Castor is that it maps via reflection using a simple default mapping sceme / convension .
UN officials are meeting with Nicaraguan national and local government officials to try to map out the needs of the population .
Every so often I 'll plug in another device .
I ca n't work out how to detach the pipe from the intake to plug it for testing , or even whether I should do this in the first place !
I plugged it into the hotel ethernet port , plugged the hotel phone into the Vonage box , and was then able to use the phone both sending and receiving calls with no extra charges exactly as if I were sitting at home in New Mexico - except that everybody at home was asleep when I was awake .
Screen 3 is also on a KVM , so I can plug someone else 's box in .
Has a normal Floppy cable and power connector on the rear , along with a cable to plug into a USB header on your motherboard .
This query links an access database to my spatial dataset , hence allowing me to map the access data info .
Later , during bus - enumeration we map the driver instance onto the console like if you had no hints at all -LRB- the norm -RRB- .
then my app can easily read in this dictionary and map the user - specified actions directly into Matcher and Action instances ; and this without me having to write a bunch of code to process boolean logic , matching types , action parameters , and so on into a program flow that has a structure needlessly divergent from the configuration file syntax .
Run C : and plug in U3 smart drive .
The problem was getting my google maps page to map all the points that I knew it had .
Sunil , I think there is some confusion on the data model you try to map here .
All in all , I like to use XSL to do heavy XML lifting -LRB- it s best at it , IMO -RRB- , and then map to POJOs when I can , 'cause most of the other XML APIs -LRB- JDOM , DOM , etc. -RRB- still do n't feel " right " .
Jim Ron Hunter wrote : Davy wrote : I have a Sandisk Extreme card reader permanently plugged into my Windows XP PC .
This removes almost all cost involved , and also removes the need to have a physical phone line to plug into .
I even mapped radiation on the rest of my body , by taping dosimeters under my Tshirt .
The ADC cable plugged into a special port on the back of an Apple supplied Video Card .
The ultimate , of course , is to simply plug your computer into the VGA or DVI input that most HD sets have , and set it up as a computer monitor .
If you plug laptop directly into Voyager can you get onto the Internet ?
You could remove the solenoid completely and plug the opening .
-LSB- one reason could be that the total size of the files you want to map at the same time does not fit into your allowable address space , typically 2 - 4 GB -RSB- The timing when the data would be accessed would be the same using both approaches .
Use an external utility -LRB- C , Perl , Tcl , you choose -RRB- to map your binary file formats to / from some VHDL - friendly text form .
I quoted the manual saying to plug it in directly .
My next idea was a matter transmitter , but I 'd probably need a miniature black hole to power the quantum computer needed to map every atom in the payload .
I plugged it in , booted it back up , and it seemed fine , except that the clockdate was wrong , and I received the " The date is set to a year before something " error .
By combining the 2 - D position of gas emission mapped out on the sky with 1 - D measurements of the gas 's velocity along the line of sight , astronomers generate 3 - D data sets with dimensions that can serve as proxies for three spatial dimensions .
You can map computer domain names to their respective IP addresses .
The astronomers used the measurements to map the velocity and direction of the outflows with respect to the embedded star .
If needed then I 'll just plug in a larger one .
From the conditions we see at present , the intensity at the epicenter possibly exceeded reinforcement standards .
But the building grade for such types of public buildings as schools and hospitals ought to be above a grade B , and absolutely not below grade C .
If construction had been strictly carried out according to reinforcement specifications , such serious widespread collapsing should not have occurred .
In fact , right next to the collapsed school buildings were buildings that did not collapse .
Therefore , emergency assessment needs to be carried out on these collapsed school buildings , hospitals and other public buildings ; design plans , components , concrete , steel reinforcements , bricks etc should be sampled and notarized , in preparation for inspection and appraisal .
If it is found that some aspects of design did not comply with mandatory national standards , or that shoddy materials were used , inferior quality , or any of these circumstances , then the legal responsibilities of the authorities and people involved should be looked into .
Only this way can we lay to rest the ghosts of the students killed in the disaster , can we account to the parents of the victims , can we obtain justice for the community , can we warn later generations of the lessons to be learned .
Departments in charge need to take the initiative in undertaking these tasks .
Victims and the public can also help , remembering that samples must undergo notarization by a notary office before they can have legal validity .
" Amid tears , conscience has come back ;
on ruins , humanity has stood firm .
The great earthquake has shaken off the dusts on our mind , and has shattered our everyday masks . "
People 's spirits exuded in the disaster relief effort are apparently the comeback of selfless collectivism , rather than what is called the " comeback of conscience " or the " awakening and growth of civil consciousness . "
What stand firm are the solidarity of people under the Party 's leadership , as well as collectivism and patriotism , and what has fallen is instead " selfish humanity . "
It 's not even the empty " humanity of love . "
How can it be explained with the " humanity of love " that many ordinary heroes have given up their love for families and carried forward the proletarian spirits of selflessness , interdependent friendship and total devotion .
It can be seen from " humanity has stood firm , " which is eulogized in the article , that it advocates unrestrained humanity , as well as slandering all nobility as " everyday masks " and " dusts on our mind . "
However , does n't the disaster relief effort mark the reawakening of the noble spirits rather than fully unrestrained humanity ?
I think that if our Earthquake Administration had been able beforehand to do a simulation of big earthquakes on this Longmenshan mountain earthquake belt , then on that day of May 12 , once the Earthquake Administration had measured the quake at a magnitude of 7.8 , we would have been able to broadly judge the extent of damage and destruction in the earthquake disaster zone .
If the simulation program was well designed , circumstances like debris blocking roads , heavy rainfall obstructing parachute drops , power and communication outages should all have been within expectations .
Instead in this instance the Liberation Army headquarters emergency contingency plan obviously was not a contingency plan designed with earthquakes as the assumed condition , as the soldiers all rushed straight to Wenchuan , without immediately sending out troops in the direction of badly - hit areas Beichuan , Qingchuan and Gansu's Longnan ; only 24 hours later was the full extent of the disaster area taken into consideration .
In addition , the breakdown in communication also brought a serious problem to the surface .
In the past , Red Army regiments were able to maintain contact with central headquarters by relying on just one battered radio .
On this occasion though , people had no way to deal with the communication failure .
It is clear that preparations prior to the event were not constructed on the basis of an earthquake disaster simulation .
Whether it is meant as an insult or compliment , I must say that this nickname " blue ants " is quite striking .
Millions upon millions of little blue ants uniting together is a huge unstoppable force .
Millions upon millions of little blue ants , each one industrious and pragmatic , diligent and dedicated , so self - confident , unhurried , relaxed and hard working .
In those days , no matter which position we worked in , everybody was one cog in the wheel .
Our motherland laid down the basically complete working foundation of the People 's Republic with the labor of these very millions upon millions of blue ants , constructing a powerful national defense to protect the peace and tranquility of the homeland , pioneering the working people 's very own revolutionary theatre .
Recently I went to take a look at the Changxing coal mine .
I arrived just when the miners were changing shifts , emerging one by one , faces black as soot , with just their eyes appearing especially white . Just like a lot of black ants .
I had a chat with them .
They said , " In the Mao Zedong era it was glorious to be a miner , wages were higher than other occupations , the bosses really cared about the workers , and also often went down the mines to help out with the labor . "
There is only one word 's difference between " website operations " and " network operations , " so it is very easy to get them mixed up .
Website operations refers to operational and management work relating to product management , content management , updating the content and market promotion and so on of a website on the Internet .
In broad terms , this includes several components , such as website planning , product development , network marketing and customer services .
In narrow terms , it refers particularly to operational and management work after a website has been set up , such as content planning , planning market activities and customer services .
As a matter of fact , the term " network operations " is rarely used and can not mean the same as " website operations . "
A network is a very broad concept and refers in a general sense to various types of networks formed by computer network hardware .
More often than not , network operations refers to the operation of these networks , like construction of and connection to part of the Internet network operated and managed by China Telecom .
And in " network marketing , " this network refers particularly to the Internet , meaning activities such as market activities and marketing and promotion carried out over the Internet .
Based on if the approach is moral , methods of search engine optimization have been divided into two groups , black hat SEO and white hat SEO .
Both methods can help you -LRB- improve search engine ranking -RRB- , and one of them enables you to improve your ranking quickly .
However , this more aggressive method may make your website punished by some search engines , which will refuse to include it and issue a warning to you .
These search engine companies have also said publicly on their official sites that using black hat SEO will only bring you trouble .
What is white hat SEO technology ?
White hat SEO means that one does not attempt to cheat search engines and follow the rules they set when doing SEO .
Additionally , web pages optimized using such methods are beneficial to Internet surfing and manifest the win - win result of search engines and network administrators in a good way .
What is black hat SEO technology ?
Since black hat SEO involves cheating , such a way to improve ranking is not endorsed by search engines .
These methods include over - redirecting to pages and hidden texts etc .
Even if search engines have made it clear that they would punish websites that use black hat SEO , the latter would still not cease their acts .
Why ?
For such a great historic event as the Beijing Olympics , Mr. Wu of course must go to Beijing to personally experience the exciting scene .
After painstaking efforts , he reached an agreement with his boss at the company to take a two - month vacation .
In accordance with the instructions regarding the visa application listed on the website of the Chinese consulate , Mr. Wu prepared the required documents , photos , etc .
He also noticed that it was especially suggested on the consulate website that visa should be secured first before purchasing an airline ticket .
He thought the comrades at the consulate were very considerate and thoughtful for their compatriots .
On the day he went to the consulate in New York , he told a lie , saying he was sick and =asked for sick leave for a day .
There were lots of people at the consulate , and he waited in line for four whole hours .
Seeing that so many people were applying to go to China , he was very much moved .
The motherland was indeed full of glamour , and he felt extremely proud .
By the time he reached the window , his stuff was immediately thrown back : Materials not sufficient !
He must additionally submit a return airline ticket and a letter of invitation from his relative or friend in China .
" But it is said on the website of your consulate that visa application should be made first before purchasing an airline ticket . "
The answer was : " There are new regulations now , and new regulations shall prevail . "
Somewhat astounded , Mr. Wu tried hard to blame himself , " How come I had n't thought about these in advance . "
Various news sources including people.com.cn all reported that our neighbor , Nepal , is currently holding an election .
So , the election already seems to be somewhat taking a direction , with the Communist Party of Nepal -LRB- Maoist -RRB- currently in the lead .
I read a piece of news that said one of the leaders of the Communist Party of Nepal -LRB- Maoist -RRB- , Mr. Baburam , got far more votes than the others did .
I saw from this piece of news that there are mainly three powerful parties in this election in Nepal .
One is the Communist Party of Nepal -LRB- Maoist -RRB- which we just mentioned above is currently taking the lead in the election , one is the Nepali Congress Party , and still another is the Communist Party of Nepal -LRB- United Marxist - Leninist -RRB- .
At first , I did n't understand why these two Communist organizations in Nepal did n't unite to take part in the election together .
If they 're each after their own goals , would n't their strength be split up ?
Only when I read an explanation from Mr. Baburam later did I realize the reason why they did n't unite to take part in the election together .
Evidence shows that once an employee becomes the boss , he / she will never show mercy to workers , with even wiser tricks to discipline staff than those who have always been a boss .
Having come from the camp , he knows well how to hit the tender spots of employees .
Employees who work for such a boss can never find a loophole .
Such a kind of bosses are even more fierce than those who are " hereditary " .
It is said that Zhang Yin , a native of Heilongjiang and born in Guangdong in 1957 , had poor and miserable childhood due to her father 's persecution and the large number of siblings in her family .
At the age of 27 , Zhang Yin gave up her hard - earned salary and housing and took with her RMB 30,000 to make a living in Hong Kong , starting a scrap paper - for - cash business .
She went to the United States and established a company in 1990 , and became the queen of scrap paper recycling 10 years later .
She invested in a new factory in 1996 in Dongguan , Guangdong , which specializes in producing high - grade wrapping paper .
Her secret to success is an industrial chain constructed with " two lows , " which involve buying scrap paper at a low price in the United States and then producing highly sought - after high - grade paper products by taking advantage of the cheap land , energy and labor in the mainland .
May 12 , 2008 , the Chinese history will always remember this day .
China experienced a great earthquake rarely seen in history , which aroused the concern of the Chinese nation including people of Chinese origins across the globe .
Several hours after the earthquake , the respected premier , an old man 66 years of age who was a thousand miles away , risked his life to appear at the front line in Sichuan 's worst - hit disaster area .
Several dozen thousand PLA and Armed Police troops marched a thousand miles and appeared as soon as they could on the scene of disaster - hit areas .
China Central Television , China National Radio and others cut short their normal broadcasting schedules and committed themselves to live broadcast throughout the disaster - rescue effort .
One hoarse voice after another spread across the Chinese land through these media , over which so many hot - blooded young people shed their tears .
My blood surged when I , who seldom watch TV , saw the premier made the promise in a choking and hoarse voice to the orphans who lost their families , " the government will not leave you alone and will take care of you as if you were home . "
I believe every Chinese son or daughter who sees the scene will be moved .
At 14:28 on May 12 , 2008 , there was a massive earthquake with a magnitude of 7.8 in the Wenchuan area of Sichuan province .
From that point on , an impressive earthquake relief effort with the active participation of the whole party , the whole army and the whole nation and people began on the Chinese mainland !
It was not spontaneous ; it was an organized , orderly , and large - scale mass earthquake relief effort under the leadership of party organizations and governments at all levels .
In the immense ranks of the earthquake relief effort , Communist Party cadres and government officials of all levels assumed the directing and organizing positions , and our people 's army charged in the forefront .
The emergency relief and rescue brigades sent from all parts of the country , the medical corps , the anti-epidemic corps , the goods transportation contingent and also the volunteers followed closely behind , heading for the disaster zone .
Airplanes roared ; vehicle wheels rumbled ; and there were also the formidable ranks on foot , charging full steam ahead like the roll of an ocean wave , as the heroic and stirring act unfolded on the Chinese mainland !
The earthquake was a lesson , a mirror , and a great practical test of truth !
People have also criticized Walmart online for displaying favoritism , contributing just 3 million RMB -LRB- equivalent to 430,700 U.S. dollars -RRB- to the earthquake relief , while donating 2 million U.S. dollars for Hurricane Katrina .
A spokesman for the company said that cash donation was just one part of a larger scale disaster relief effort of the company , and that Walmart had also made use of its professional experience in supply and logistics to provide assistance for disaster relief .
The spokesman pointed out that Walmart 's work in combating disasters should not be evaluated solely on the basis of the amount of cash .
China 's Minister of Commerce Chen Deming on Thursday expressed gratitude for the support provided for earthquake relief by foreign - owned enterprises .
At a press conference , he said that foreign - owned enterprises had contributed a total of 1.95 billion RMB in donations .
State - owned media Xinhua News Agency , citing information provided by the State Council Information Office -LRB- the State Council Information Office -RRB- , reported that as of Thursday , domestic and international donations had reached 21.4 billion RMB -LRB- approximately 3 billion U.S. dollars -RRB- .
Humans can manufacture tanks that are much more powerful than ants , but humans can not manufacture a living ant ...
However advanced instruments manufactured by humans are , their level of complexity can not compare with a section of a toad 's nerve .
Do not regard earthquake prediction as a " practical skill " ; rather regard it as academic work in a study .
Take no notice of the real results in terms of preventing earthquakes or minimizing disasters ; rather singlemindedly pursue the scientific research level embodied in " prediction success rates . "
In the course of major disaster warnings , too many disputes relating to powers and interests are entangled .
The directions of research into earthquake prevention and disaster minimization are just confined to research into the phenomenon of earthquakes , but efforts to intervene in urban construction , to formulate and supervise building standards , and perfect and improve disaster rescue mechanisms and other aspects have been neglected .... .
We have also become blindly abreast of foreign countries even in earthquake research : we do n't believe in living beings raised as part of nature ; we just believe in the instruments we ourselves manufacture .
We do n't believe the warnings sent out by nature ; we just believe the warnings emitted by instruments in laboratories .
We do n't believe in what is seen and heard with their own eyes by millions of ordinary people ; we just believe in the authoritative conclusions of experts and scholars .
Chinese seismology is galloping down the wrong road .
No matter whether the school buildings are dangerous or are beautiful " jerry - built buildings , " as far as this writer knows , China 's laws and regulations concerning construction contracts are very complete .
Why are there so many " jerry - built projects ? "
Because the " owners " are the government and the competent education departments .
When people in possession of huge power indulge in their own desires , it will breed corruption , which leads to sale and purchase of official posts as well as all kinds of " jerry - built projects . "
Those contractors who like to take advantage of loopholes in the government 's monitoring and regulations , they know that the cost of =bribing several government officials is far less than that of reducing construction expenses .
Therefore , in the past few years , the corruption in the education sector that common people have strongly lashed out against includes precisely the lack of openness and transparency concerning school building construction , which has led to the non-existence of rules and regulations for project management and the sloppy enforcement of quality inspection , leaving behind large numbers of hazards for potential accidents .
This earthquake was just a comprehensive explosion ; that 's all .
Facing the " jerry - built projects , " some leaders in the government and educational departments could =deny by all means what they did and could put the blame on this sudden natural disaster , but how could they also get rid of their own conscience , and how could they face those parents who lost their children !
People in disaster - hit areas are suffering pains and hardships .
If people continue to be passionate , hilarious , joyful and relaying as usual , then , all these will inevitably become aloofness , numbness and ridiculousness .
If the torch relay is not terminated , it is like a family having a funeral on the one hand and a wedding on the other , which is unacceptable , unreasonable and absurd .
Instead , terminating the torch relay will reflect a kind of affection for compatriots and humane care , as well as a kind of attention , compassion and support of the whole nation towards those in the disaster - hit areas .
Terminating the torch relay , I believe , will be able to win compassion , understanding and support of the international community , as well as understanding , endorsement and support of the whole nation .
Terminating the torch relay will only present an image to the international community that the Chinese people face up to realities , seek truth and pragmatism , fear no difficulties , share one purpose , and unite to fight against the disaster .
On the contrary , if we simply continue the relay , the international community will only turn a cold shoulder to and look down upon China .
Cancel the relay , save the money that was meant for the relay and send it to areas affected by the disaster , so as to help the people there .
Since the Tangshan Earthquake , the starting point for construction standards in the mainland is that under an earthquake of the same magnitude , buildings should preserve their basic frame without collapsing .
However , most of the buildings in this hard - hit area did not meet these requirements , with the widespread collapse of school buildings in particular arousing intense public disgust .
Raising standards to in excess of Tangshan 's 8.0 magnitude could leave authorities with some breathing space for explanation , and alleviate public anger .
According to information leaked from numerous channels , we can say for certain that before the earthquake struck , the serious earthquake risk in the Ngawa region was already well known to the CCP .
Although current forecasting standards can not give us an accurate prediction of the exact time , place , and strength of an earthquake , there is considerable experience accumulated both in China and overseas in predicting to within the timeframe of a month , and the area of a province .
In regions where the earthquake risk is high , warning the public and spreading disaster prevention awareness could greatly reduce casualties during earthquakes ; this is the very minimum duty that any responsible government should undertake .
In the past the CCP has done a lot of these sorts of things , but on this occasion not only did nothing , but in response to queries from the public pulled out some whopping lies , playing syntax games with words like " geological disaster " and " earthquake disaster " .
Let 's put aside prior donations Wang Shi has made .
While it was still time to save lives in the disaster relief , he Wang Shi had been to the Sichuan Construction Authority to meet with officials from the Ministry of Housing and Urban - Rural Development , among others .
What 's the purpose of his act ?
In fact , it is obvious enough that the Sichuan Provincial Construction Authority was certainly an important player in post-disaster rebuilding .
That is to say basically all future rebuilding will be done through the Construction Authority .
It 's a preemptive way to have meetings now in advance with the Construction Authority amid disaster relief .
That is 100 million yuan is first donated as its deposit for post-disaster rebuilding , such that Vanke 's income will not be 100 million yuan , but a substantial part of the 75 billion yuan the country will invest .
We can say Vanke has got very smart public measures , which proves " Vanke has been doing well in terms of the government relationship and brand image .
This is their specialty . "
Therefore , we see Vanke has tried to hook a big fish with a small profit -LRB- the donation is less than 0.04 % of their net profit -RRB- !!!
What on earth does Vanke do ?
I had no idea , until now that it is a parasite fed by mortgage slaves , and it turns out that =it would be such a miser !
A good conscience can be seen .
In the great earthquake in Wenchuan , when numerous " jerry - built " school buildings became the graves of buried students , five Hope Elementary Schools , built from donations by the " Han Long Group " ten years ago , are safe and sound .
The " Greatest Hope Elementary School " -- Liu Han Hope Elementary School alone saved the lives of 483 elementary school students and teachers .
The five schools together protected the lives and safety of thousands of students and teachers !
Obviously , the contribution of the Greatest Hope Elementary Schools is immeasurable .
Not only do the Greatest Hope Elementary Schools personify good conscience , but they also make the conscience fuller .
When some officials and earthquakes experts swore and solemnly stated that the schools could have easily collapsed before and gave a lot of reasons , the Hope Elementary Schools that did n't collapse exposed their shameful lies .
This is the other reason why the Hope Elementary Schools touched China .
Therefore , I suggest awarding a " People 's Good Conscience " reward to the boss of the " Han Long Group " company , Liu Han , who is the donor of the Greatest Hope Elementary Schools and regards project quality as his own life , and to General manager Sun Xiaodong , to thank them for their contribution of cherishing human life and safeguarding human conscience .
We should call on the whole society -LRB- especially the developers and officials at all levels who are already corrupt , becoming corrupt , are going to be corrupt but have n't yet started to be corrupt -RRB- to learn from them and spread the seeds of good conscience far and wide .
The elite are in the majority , and there is the mainstream media as well -- they do not mention or seldom mention the socialist spirit and thought .
An argument is also unavoidable .
There is one thing in common .
Let me say it once again : everyone focuses on the spiritual aspect , political aspect and ideological aspect ; follow what is happening and focus !
This point has particular significance in a period focused on the economy .
We should realize what factors influence the earthquake relief ; this point is extremely important !
The recognition of this point began with the fight against flood in '98 and the battle against SARS in '03 .
Today we should have a deeper and clearer awareness !
The reform and opening - up as well as the socialist market economy have also undoubtedly undergone a trial .
What was the result ?
The weaker is the level of marketization , the stronger is the ability to resist setbacks .
I do n't want to say much more .
In fact , there is no absolute need to test it for yourself .
It is enough to take a look at the hurricane in New Orleans in the United States and do a comparison !
How did the US , which claims to be the strongest and most advanced in the world , perform when confronted with the New Orleans hurricane ?
It has remained a subject for world ridicule even today .
But they themselves have believed that they did rather well .
Why ?
Because their market economy is so standardized , so ubiquitous , and everyone believes so deeply in the almighty power of money and the supremacy of individual rights !
In addition , they could not possibly mobilize people like us in this way , because they do not have this sort of spiritual strength that we have !
" Nonfood inflation is certain to go higher , and is already creeping up , " said Sun Mingchun , an economist for Lehman Brothers in Hong Kong .
He believes that if food prices go down , but nonfood inflation goes up , economically it 's a big problem .
According to statistics of the National Bureau of Statistics , China 's consumer - price index -LRB- CPI -RRB- excluding food prices increased by 1.8 % in March , while it hovered at 1 % or less for most of 2006 and 2007 .
The accelerated rise of the indicator likely shows that higher wages and raw - material costs are being reflected in a broader range of goods , a phenomenon that will impact the global market given China 's importance as a global supplier of many products .
Another factor that drives inflation up is : higher rents due to continued housing price rises in most cities .
J.P. Morgan economists expect nonfood inflation to continue to speed up to an average 2.5 % for all of 2008 .
These " patriots " ought to know , if you obtain the citizenship of a foreign country you are no longer a " Chinese " , but instead just an " overseas Chinese " .
You should love the country you belong to , do your duty towards it , make a contribution ; this is the minimum moral standard required of a person .
If you still have some feeling for your native land , please help it move from savagery to civilization , instead of holding a candle to the devil and pulling it into darkness ;
If you have got yourself a foreign country 's green card , you owe a favor to both your mother country and your country of residence .
You should put your heart and soul into promoting understanding , communication and friendship between the two countries .
If you guys wish China to have a favorable image , then you ought to work to clean away the grime and =abscesses on her body .
And if you would like to see Chinese people respected by the world , you guys first should learn how to be a civilized person .
Regrettably , the behavior of some of you is currently adding substance to the words of that CNN anchorman .
You guys ought to understand that maybe from your verbal violence , CNN 's reporters will no longer say this kind of thing , but there will be more people who will say it under their breath .
When building a simple building in the past , branches , ah , bamboo fences , ah , are used to build buildings , but there is a disadvantage to these kinds of buildings , that is , they easily catch fire .
I think now our country should research a kind of low - cost plastic that does n't catch fire , but is very inexpensive .
What would it be like to use this kind of cheap plastic to build buildings ?
Therefore , I propose that if an elementary school or a residential building is to be built in an earthquake - prone area in our country , it should depend on whether or not there is enough money to construct the building with extremely strong earthquake resistance ?
This point -- many buildings of ancient times in our country still remain today , and there are also some experiences of buildings abroad , plus all kinds of modern science and technology , buildings can be made extremely sturdy .
If there is indeed not enough money , then they should rather not build it and save the money .
Instead they should rather simply build simple buildings that can be constructed using cheap and fireproof plastic , letting students take classes in those simple buildings .
Even though it may be somewhat crude , it actually can ensure the safety of lives when earthquakes strike .
As time goes by , rescue forces are rapidly expanding ,
disaster - relief materials are continuously being transported to affected areas , all sorts of dangers are continuously being eliminated , and major infrastructures critical to the life safety of disaster victims are being quickly restored .
Different departments and organizations at various levels and locations have been closely knit around the Party 's Central Committee and the Sate Council , performing their respective duties with loyalty .
Charitable individuals and =volunteers from all around have given what they have , be it money , energy , wit or goods .
When hospitals are short of blood , people took to the streets to voluntarily donate blood , showing care for those hit by the disaster .
Such a touching picture of solidarity , friendship , mutual assistance and devotion is a wonderful picture we 've anticipated for a long time , is n't it ?
Victims , please do hold on .
The ocean of love brought together by people of our motherland is forcefully driving off the terrible disaster !
The ocean of love brought together by people of our motherland is bringing you endless hope !
Please do hold on .
With the sense of love and responsibilities of various parties , and with the sincere solidarity and collaboration amongst various parties , we will for sure quickly help you resist the temptation of Azrael , overcome hardships , and rebuild a wonderful homeland !
A number of rescue teams from Japan , Taiwan and Russia , among others , made the request as soon as possible .
China refused on ground that there was no access .
Now it 's clear to everybody that while there 's no access to places like Wenchuan , areas like Dujiangyan and Mianyang , which are home to the largest number of disaster - hit people , have easy access .
There was also a serious shortage of professional rescue teams in these places in the first few says .
If foreign rescue teams could make it there several days earlier , hundreds of lives must have been saved !
As we see now , although Wen Jiabao went to the front line in the first three days , the information then must have been a mess , such that a wrong direction was selected to focus major efforts on .
One principle of the CPC 's way is that it will never let an organization which it ca n't control into an area where information is unavailable .
This is the only reasonable explanation of the CPC 's resolute refusal at that time .
Its symbolic acceptance of several foreign rescue teams later was a helpless move to ease the pressure from domestic and foreign public opinions , after the CPC has regained overall control of the situation in disaster - hit areas .
In order to minimize the " negative " impacts , rescue locations assigned to foreign rescue teams are all those areas that have already been searched and abandoned .
I do n't care how much Wang Shi wastes every time he climbs a mountain , but I do strongly despise how he talks and the way he acts during this whole thing .
After donating , he suggested that charity should not be the burden of businesses , and -LRB- therefore -RRB- stipulated that his company 's employee donations should not exceed 10 yuan .
Totally absurd logic .
Wang Shi 's reasoning is that making donations to charities then the burden of businesses could cause companies to fail in market competition ;
But we can see such philanthropists as Bill Gates , Li Ka - shing , Jackie Chan have not affected the growth of their enterprises in any way .
Instead , they have actually increased the competitiveness of their companies .
And there were some netizens who hit back in the Wang Shi donations issue by admonishing us for forcing donations on moral grounds .
Exactly !
An excellent justification !
If you say that netizens rebuking Wang Shi is forcing donations , then what kind of behavior is Wang Shi preventing employees from donating more than 10 yuan ?
Wang Shi is the economic version of a cold - blooded animal , and we do n't care ,
but , how come he wants to restrict what employees do or do n't do on moral grounds ?
This really is a case of one rule for some , another rule for everyone else !!!
Web site promotion became much more complex and arduous .
From exchanging links , logging on to search engines and information release to mailing lists , maintenance and transmission , every aspect involves professional knowledge .
It is already not a case of just simply studying a few techniques such as Web page construction being able to solve the problem .
But this part is critically important .
Because of this , I have the following advice for Web site promotion in small to medium sized businesses .
Outsource key projects , undertaking other promotional work in - house .
Key projects primarily refer to search engine promotion , and Internet advertising .
China 's domestic search engine and Internet advertising providers are all pushing agent - based systems .
Their authorized agents in any region can be found on the Web site .
Sometimes the price when going through agents is even cheaper than the price quoted by media Web sites themselves .
But if your company does n't have that kind of budget , you can only log in for free on Google .
It 's just that ordinarily , Web site planning and design staff during Web site construction will by no means only consider the Web page optimization issue of Google ranking , so in actual fact if you want to get a good ranking , it is actually pretty difficult .
If you want to carry out search engine optimization , on the one hand it is going to involve expense , but the most important thing is the quality of the optimization .
The third phase was from the Sino - British negotiations on the reversion of Hong Kong to the 6 / 4 massacre in '89 .
During this period , several variables occurred in history .
After Mao Zedong died , the CPC rulers changed their policies .
In terms of economy , reform and opening - up were carried out , and the participation of Hong Kong people was welcomed and encouraged .
Hong Kong people were no longer enemies and running dogs for Britain ; no action would be taken against them despite their previous " defection to the enemy and treason . "
In the 70s , Hong Kong 's economy took off , greatly enhancing the self confidence of Hong Kong people .
At that time , most Hong Kong people were skeptical about the reversion .
Those who had the means fled , carrying money with them .
Even if Hong Kong people at that time were secretly against the reversion , they dared not speak about it , afraid they would be labeled as sinners of the nation .
Those who were reluctant to leave Hong Kong , were impoverished , or were unable to emigrate had the right chance to be " brave Chinese people " for once .
Since Hong Kong people had always felt a sense of identity crisis , most Hong Kong people eventually endorsed the reversion after recalling their painful experience .
Even if they would end up becoming " boat people " in the future , they would rather China did not lose this land .
The patriotism -LRB- not love for the Communist Party -RRB- of Hong Kong people was beyond any doubt .
Moreover , some people even hoped that the reversion of Hong Kong would bring along and influence the development of the mainland in its various areas including politics , economics , society , and rule of law .
Conservative people sincerely hoped that the CPC 's =promise of " No Change for 50 Years " was real .
Even so , donation behavior and the treatment of donation behavior should not deviate from two principles , namely that it is voluntary and does not seek return .
Otherwise , the donation loses its original meaning .
In actual fact , whether it is McDonalds or any other foreign owned enterprises in China on the so - called " international iron rooster " blacklist , they all gave generously to the cause of helping the disaster victims , exhibiting their social responsibility .
Even if by comparison some companies really did n't donate a huge amount , they should not be besieged or subjected to verbal violence in the arena of public opinion .
Donating , after all , is not a legal obligation that companies must carry out .
Urging businesses to donate apart from the force of moral considerations should not take the form of any other coercive means .
As long as a company 's source of income is legal , any compulsory payment outside of legal obligations is a kind of theft .
Even in an abnormal circumstance such as disaster relief , legal order and the rights bestowed upon by law should be respected .
If we are unfortunate enough to be unable to avoid becoming a disaster victim , we can at least preserve the nobility and dignity of humanity and not turn into rabble .
I remember that during the era of Mao Zedong , foreigners who had been to the new China gave our country 's working class a name ; it is called -LRB- blue ants -RRB- .
Before that , in the old China , our country 's laborers were in a disunited state capable of doing nothing .
After =England exported large amounts of opium to our country , causing drugs to run rampant throughout our country , the foreigners also gave us a nickname : " East Asian weaklings . "
And because of this , they bullied our country over and over again , and with the reasonable cooperation of our shameless ruling group , many unfair =traitor treaties were signed .
After the new China was established , the Chinese people rose up under the leadership of the Communist Party led by Chairman Mao .
We drove out the imperialistic foreign firms and their agents , and walked the economic development path of -LRB- independence , self - reliance and self - renovation -RRB- .
At that time , the laborers did n't think much about dressing up or making themselves up , most of them wore blue casual suits .
People were all intent to build up our motherland into a socialist country with people 's democracy and freedom without exploitation or oppression .
After Microsoft withdrew the offer to purchase Yahoo , Jerry Yang published an article on his blog and explained the company 's next plan .
The article read as follows : Yahoo has received widespread attention in the past thirteen weeks .
We have received unprecedented attention from the industry worldwide .
The industry has paid more attention than before to our strategies and our ability to carry out the strategies .
Some people have even suspected whether Microsoft 's purchase offer may distract our attention and raised questions , but we have just started carrying out our strategy .
Those people have underestimated Yahoo 's determination , Yahoo 's spirit , and Yahoo 's culture .
The first quarter of this year may be one of the most exciting quarters in the company history .
We have released innovative products and services , improved our performance , differentiated the users and clients , and purchased Maven Networks Company .
We 've released Buzz , OneSearch 2.0 , Mobile Voice Search , Flickr Video , Shine , and so on .
One important reason that a great number of people buried or trapped in debris in the Wenchuan earthquake - hit area were saved is that they were full of hopes and firmly believed the PLA would come to their rescue !
To settle victims , thousands of tents that stretched miles were soon set up , which contained public toilets , shops , and primary schools and middle schools .
Tens of thousands or even millions of those displaced by the disaster have gradually had a home to shelter from the wind and rain !
If everything were put in the market , such that all the land was sold to syndicates or farm owners , then where should the government set up tents ?
Do they expropriate the land on the spot ?
Even the government can not override the market !
Supporting the disaster - hit areas has tested our competence , while the government 's ability to rule also stood the trial !
At critical moments , the ruling foundation --- workers and farmers , showed staunch support to the government !
If everything were put in the market , such that workers and farmers would have their fates controlled by the market and no longer count on or rely on the government by walking onto a path of the so - called " finding the market rather than the mayor -LRB- government -RRB- , " then what power would the government have ?
The post-catastrophe hyperinflation as expected by foreigners has not come either !
The government has human and financial capital under control , as well as energy and resources !
December 26 , 1975 , Mao Zedong had his 82th birth day , his last one .
Upon turning 80 , Mao Zedong felt apparently that he was old and would die soon .
Therefore , around his birthday those few years , Mao Zedong had always talked about life and death from time to time .
One thing he often said was : " 73 and 84 are ages at which you will be gone even if the King of Hell does n't call you . "
Also since he turned 80 , people had been paying more and more attention to Mao Zedong 's birthday .
Within the country , people dared not celebrate his birthday publicly , so they would celebrate quietly at home .
Local governments dared not present gifts to Mao Zedong , but would convey their blessings to Mao Zedong in various ways .
In the years before Mao Zedong passed away , his hometown Hunan would specially send things like long life noodles on December 26 every year .
For this , Mao Zedong had accepted with pleasure , which was quite unusual .
Outside the country , socialist countries like North Korea would send some gifts such as art ware and food on December 26 every year .
Faced with the incoming telegraphs , letters and gifts for his birthday , Mao Zedong had occasionally been quite unhappy from within , but quite helpless as well .
In fact , even if the Department of Earthquake Monitoring and Predicting was unable to accurately predict an impending quake , a seismic situation forecast would just be as important .
Crying wolf a few more times will not make people think you are lying .
On the contrary , this will increase people 's earthquake awareness , increase the ability of an area to combat earthquakes .
It 's better to be safe than sorry .
The Earthquake Department definitely needs to alter this " rather not report than report wrong " kind of thinking .
The scientific research level is reflected in actual results in earthquake prevention and disaster control , and not reflected through a " successful prediction rate " .
Reporting a few more forecasts of non-destructive earthquakes below magnitude five , cautiously reporting strong earthquakes , powerful earthquakes , will not only improve people 's earthquake awareness , but also will not lead to unnecessary panic .
Otherwise , urban planning , building standards , community life , and school education will have no appropriate earthquake response measures and emergency first - aid mechanisms in place .
-- During the Wenchuan Earthquake , in one particular county town , no suitable flat land could be found to support a helicopter landing , and this is just a small error ?
And those school buildings which gave way at the very outset of proceedings , was it out of the question that it gave us strong enough alert ?
They threw away their weapons .
The kind of plot that can only be found in a martial arts novel is currently playing out in real life in the country 's Earthquake Department .
Later , more and more friends around me who had been using Sinablog have moved , to places including 163blog , Sohublog , and Blogbus .
It seem Sinablog is losing popularity .
Indeed , that interface of Sinablog , I guess , have stayed unchanged for at least two years .
The more I look at it , the grosser it becomes .
A product that stands still will sooner or later be replaced .
-LRB- While I ca n't say Sinablog did n't upgrade at all , as there has been functional upgrades , but there have been few changes to the interface layout . -RRB-
I remember when I worked on the blog previously , I compared quite a few different BSPs and did n't like Sinablog even back then .
I 've registered Sinablog , but have not written many articles or even tried all the functions .
I have n't registered 163blog , but many friends are using it , which looks good .
I 've also registered Baidu Space , also on a trial basis , but it also feels better than Sina 's .
Of course , what I said here is fairly subjective and one - sided , even with a tint of personal bias .
Instead of doing a test , I 'm purely talking about my own feelings .
After organizing donations for disaster relief from staff in my work unit , this party member , in line with standards stipulated by higher authorities , of course , made a further " voluntary contribution " also .
Thinking of how " you can do nothing without money " today , and also how desperate the people of the disaster zone and the public finances of the disaster zone are , this party member was truly happy with this " special effort . "
But on a second thought , I felt that maybe there were many people who ought to feel elated .
In particular , people like He Weifang and Gao Shangquan in the new " Western Hills Meeting " faction , which claims " the Communist Party has broken the law , " are certain to be secretly elated .
Can the people who curse the Communist Party and hope the Communist Party falls from power still have the party spirit , a public spirit and a spirit of compassion for the people ?
Therefore , to say that people like He Weifang will " be secretly elated " is firstly because these devious and sharp - nosed poodles and flunkies of the foreigners will definitely find through these " special party membership dues " that " special party members " are created based on the amounts of their payments of dues , and there will even be " good " cases where some private entrepreneurs are quickly admitted into the party due to their large sums of donations without having to forgo exploitation .
Secondly , they have been extremely aware that for many years , rich upstarts who have used their official powers to seek personal gains and embezzled public money to fatten their private wallets under the pretext of reform are , after all , a handful of leading party cadres in power , and that the vast majority of party members and ordinary cadres in the party not only would find it hard to strike it rich , but would even consider it not bad just to stay out of poverty .
In Chengdu , which is over 100 kms away from the epicenter , the earthquake should not have an intensity of over 7 , or 8 at the most .
There should not be any safety problems for Class A buildings like those at the airport , hospitals and schools that are designed to withstand a intensity of 8 .
So most buildings in Chengdu should still be able to use after emergency assessment , and citizens may go home reassured .
If not so , an investigation should be conducted for any jerry - built projects .
If large sums of money have been spent to provide protection , yet it fails to work when the earthquake comes , such that nobody dares to live at home , is able to use hospitals , or accesses airports , then has the money been thrown for nothing ?
Probably some would say the national building criteria for earthquake resistance was enacted in recent years , and older buildings may not comply with the requirements .
However , at the same time the government enacted the earthquake resistance criteria , it required all existing buildings which did not satisfy the criteria to be reinforced and removed of dangers in a timely fashion .
Thus one can not shirk responsibilities on excuse that it is an old building .
In addition , the government also has criteria for earthquake resistance and prevention for rural buildings .
When I took a look at the headline pictures of the earthquake on the front as well as the following pages of today 's Shenzhen Economic Daily , I invariably noticed the steel reinforcing bars exposed from the broken - off steel reinforced concrete in the collapsed rubble .
I immediately wondered if the grade of this steel reinforced concrete was up to standard ?
What about the quality of the steel reinforcing bars ?
Because I could also clearly see the firm - standing residential buildings and other buildings right beside the collapsed ruins .
Therefore , it is suggested in this post that after the disaster , the builders of all the buildings that completely collapsed or did n't completely collapse should be found .
The builders of the buildings that did n't collapse should be graded up .
The builders of the collapsed buildings should be graded down , and maybe even prosecuted as criminals .
The government should provide financial subsidies to the builders with positive grades and award them with some titles of credibility .
For builders with negative grades , even if no issues of violation of law have been found , what happened to their buildings should still be publicized , and the earthquake - resistance statistics of buildings by some construction companies should be calculated .
After the May 12th Sichuan Earthquake , overseas Chinese throughout the world watched the news each day with tears in their eyes .
However , people discovered very quickly that Wenchuan is anxiously waiting .
The rescue process seemed sluggish , the tears of the Premier failing to move the officials in charge .
Possibly it was a fault in the rescue contingency plan , in that 42 hours after the earthquake struck , rescue workers entering the devastated area of Wenchuan County were forced to proceed on foot for more than 20 hours , at that time an already exhausted and poorly equipped team of only a thousand or so .
When the " golden 72 hours " the elite considered had arrived , within 24 hours the more than a hundred thousand victims trapped in the rubble barely able to breathe looked to just ten thousand - odd , empty - handed rescue workers .
From rescue attempts at the scene , it could easily be seen that to save one person from the rubble required the concerted efforts of at least 3 to 5 people striving manfully for several to dozens of hours in order to achieve a successful rescue .
There were more than 20 million people afflicted in Sichuan this time , affecting an area of one - hundred thousand square kilometers ; in the 58 cities and towns in the most badly - hit area near the epicenter , at least a hundred thousand people were buried in the rubble , which is to say , at the very least , a rescue force of more than 300 thousand needed to be dispatched .
The Chinese government has responded quickly to the earthquake .
At the same time , all of the media , primarily composed of state - owned media , has spared no efforts in presenting the government 's best face to the Chinese people who have united as never before .
This is all helpful for improving the image of the central government , demonstrating that it is responsible and highly efficient .
In the meantime , the great sympathy that the world has shown when facing this disaster has at least for now quieted the criticism of Beijing about Tibet and other issues , while the various sorts of condemnation earlier had cast a shadow over the successful hosting of this summer 's Olympics by Beijing .
Huang Jing , an expert on Chinese political issues at the East Asian Institute -LRB- East Asian Institute -RRB- of the =National University of Singapore , stated that although Chinese leaders clearly would rather this kind of disaster causing tremendous losses of people and property had not occurred , this earthquake has provided a political golden opportunity for Beijing authorities , and they can use this to prove that they have the ability to take good care of the Chinese people and have the ability to resolve this kind of crisis .
These things called blogs are no longer new things , and even many elementary school students now have more than one blog .
How do BSPs compete ?
The technologies are nearly all mutually known , and there are just those few functions .
In circumstances where the functions are identical and the technologies are similar , to win or lose all depends on the details , and you could even say it simply depends on the feel , which is very subtle .
As long as it looks good , it should be fine .
Ordinary web users are not as sophisticated as we are .
They simply need a space that looks good .
If you are slightly better than the others , you can win back the whole world .
But then again , even with a blog as simple as mine here , while I am using it I can still think of so many areas that need improvement .
So , a BSP with so many users must have some areas that need improvement .
If a product turns into one that stops thinking of how to innovate , then it will sooner or later be discarded by the users .
A thing I have recently been using most is QQSpace , and I did n't even considered it a BSP .
There are still many problems with QQSpace , but you can also see many subtle improvements in the details , all to the greater satisfaction of the users .
Faced with a repeatedly delayed so - called airborne rescue operation , Wen Jiabao on the 14th had no alternative but to say to those responsible , " I 'll just say one thing , that is that the people provide you with a living .
Do as you yourselves feel appropriate ! "
The slogan " I am available to secure your victory in any adverse circumstances " shouted out in the news only means that they just have to wait for the rain to stop in order to take to the skies in comfort .
When we saw the first image of the disaster in Wenchuan on the television screen , it was already 43 hours after the earthquake happened .
During this massive earthquake in Wenchuan , the most severely affected Beichuan and Mianzhu were almost razed to the ground , and countless disaster victims were suffering distress across a fissure 300 kilometers in length .
Even though Wen Jiabao had stressed time and again that we must bring help to the disaster area whatever the cost , there were , according to Xinhua News Agency reports , only 20 - plus helicopters heading for the disaster area before the 14th , and it was not until a conference at the anti-quake relief headquarters on the 14th that they decided to request the dispatch of rescue workers by airdrop on the 15th .
By then it was already the fourth day after the quake , and 110 helicopters set off .
Following the Great Wenchuan Earthquake this time , there were compatriots who struggled out of the debris , wiped their tears and buried the bodies of their families , but they braced up again and declared to the world , " we are not beaten down ; we are on our feet again ; the earthquake can not shake the staunch will of the Chinese people ; trials and tribulations serve only to revitalize a nation ! "
This enables us to see the fighting spirits of the dauntless Chinese nation give off a dazzling radiance among people in disaster - hit areas .
The fact that these words are spoken by compatriots who have been through the disaster has given us , who could n't help our tears at the sight of their mishaps , so much comfort and encouragement .
It gives us a hint that no force can beat down the Chinese people .
However , the words -LRB- later -RRB- reappeared somewhere else and from someone unusual , which I thought about for a few days .
I feel , for some unknown reason , it is somewhat scary !
I just want to say , let there be no more disasters , so that China is safe and sound from now on and disasters are far away from China .
I pray to the God to open his eyes and do n't let disasters visit the Chinese land again !
We do n't want to revitalize the nation through trials and tribulations ,
but rather we want to revitalize the nation by passing our days safe and sound !
On May 20 , the McDonald 's in the city of Nanchong , China , was attacked by crowds , as besiegers said the McDonald 's has donated too little for disaster relief .
Meanwhile , a text message of " international iron cocks " is also circulated across China , which blacklists well - known international companies that have made a fortune in China but donated little to the disaster - hit areas .
Klaus Deuse , a reporter with Deutsche Welle , thinks making donations is a moral rather than a legal obligation .
Forced donation is against the meaning of donating and may be suspected of doing violence in charity 's name .
Such a behavior will only hurt the good image that Chinese have presented to the world in the earthquake rescue and relief efforts this time .
Following the great earthquake in Sichuan , China , Chinese people both at home and abroad have become united as never before , demonstrating unprecedented love and philanthropy .
Countless touching stories able to move people to tears have been told during the disaster relief .
People of all social circles , whether rich or poor , have donated generously , showcasing the good quality and moral height of Chinese nationals .
The natural disaster has kindled love and courage of the Chinese people .
Two big words " human nature " were written on earth when the disaster was over .
There have been lots of earthquake documentations since ancient China , as well as many records about observations of the nature .
These are all valuable legacies our ancestors have left us .
Have we treasured them ?
How many people are studying these documentations and records ?
Have those who conduct their research from this perspective received due attention ?
Have their results been applied to practice ?
Western countries lack such historic accumulation -LRB- of course it 's not they do n't have any -RRB- , so they could only rely more on modern technological methods and attach greater importance to the data recorded by instruments .
But we , doing nothing with the valuable experience and precious data left by our ancestors , have been making efforts like fools along Western research directions .
For the science of earthquake observation , maybe experts believe neither toads crossing the street nor birds flushing are reliable , nor are ants climbing trees , mice moving , fish jumping over the pond , and abnormal behaviors of cats and dogs .
Even , sparking wells , abnormal weather , and even the appearance of earthquake clouds are more absurd and unreasonable ....
However , can experts give a reliable way of observation ?
Geoelectricity , magnetic fields and foreshocks ... etc. , or maybe other more advanced acoustic , optic and electric methods , provided that only those observation methods using instruments to record are reliable .
This is typical ruining one 's own skills .
Mao Zedong as with others of his age group , every year would not fail to remember his birthday .
As a leader with sovereign authority , Mao Zedong was entitled to a rousing and extravagantly lavish birthday celebration every year .
However Mao Zedong since his Yan'an days championed a party - wide " no celebration , no gifts " policy .
After the liberation , he was even more about setting the example and strictly forbade the practice of celebrations and gift - giving within the party .
Because of this , Mao Zedong preferred to spend his birthday in a very mundane fashion , and absolutely not set the " celebrating birthday and giving gifts " trend .
During his Yan'an period , Mao Zedong 's life was comparatively quiet , but each year on his birthday he would just add a few extra dishes for dinner at home , the family happily eating a birthday meal together .
December 26 , 1943 was Mao Zedong 's 50th birthday .
In China , the 50th birthday is known as a ' major birthday ' , and there were people in Yan'an preparing to put on a celebration for Mao Zedong , but Mao Zedong steadfastly refused .
And so Mao Zedong 's 50th birthday crept by in the flames of war and smoke of guns .
On December 26 , 1953 , Mao Zedong turned 60 .
This is a " huajia " birthday , which Chinese people have valued since antiquity ; Mao Zedong also thought a lot of this transition , since after huajia he could be addressed as an elderly person .
But Mao Zedong just arranged a small spread at home , celebrating by himself .
After the nineties , state - owned engineering enterprises stopped recruiting construction workers .
But that is n't to say they stopped hiring people , but those they took in were all graduates with professional diplomas from polytechnic schools , technical colleges , and universities ; these staff all went into management .
During the early nineties , the formal employees of this enterprise still had complete working teams , such as bricklaying teams , woodwork teams , steel reinforcement teams , and machinery maintenance teams , but since they could not cope with a large volume of project tasks , they were already cooperating with some migrant worker units , in other words the familiar " contracting gangs " .
A collision occurred between tradition and reality .
Due to formal working units no longer taking on young employees , working units got increasingly older and broken up .
Some staff -LRB- extremely few -RRB- entered management .
A few exceptional former team leaders gradually became project managers .
Others became materials officers , safety officers and quality control officers , etc .
Those without connections became staff monitoring the construction site ------ similar to the security guards of today .
The workers no longer formed complete operating teams .
And at this time , migrant worker units gained an opportunity to develop .
The entire on - site operation work was all carried out by contracting gangs .
Working units disbanded .
The status of these workers was also changing .
On the same day around 9 in the morning , the morning market held in the square in front of the city hall went ahead as usual .
If not for the " Media Please Enter " sign , perhaps nobody could tell that an important activity would take place here .
Passing through the maze - like corridors of the city hall , security personnel carefully inspected the clothing of reporters , even taking an on - the - spot photo with their cameras before letting them through .
At approximately 9:30 the Dalai , with a retinue including the Mayor of Bochum , attendants and at least six bodyguards entered the hall .
He pulled out his trademark smile , repeatedly placing his palms together , pausing now and then to shake hands and embrace with journalists lining the corridors .
After shaking hands with a German reporter next to China 's International Herald Leader journalist , he suddenly looked back to discover an Asian face .
The Dalai walked back again to shake hands , and patted the journalist on the shoulder , saying in Chinese " Hello ! Hello ! "
Following the commencement of the press conference , the Dalai expressed his gratitude to the host for his invitation and organizing work , all the while with his palms placed together , smiling fatuously from time to time .
It is exactly these childish fun - like poses that he relies on to impress Europeans , and this day was no exception , with " knowing laughter " from the foreign journalists at frequent intervals .
However , the Dalai made not the slightest mention of the Sichuan earthquake that had only just struck , at that time the life and death of nationals including many fellow Tibetan countrymen caught in the earthquake were still unknown .
The year 2008 is destined to be one we will never forget .
Just as we were filled with joyful anticipation of the advent of the grand Olympic Games , one crisis event after another is rendering our mood more complex .
I suspect no nation holding the Olympics had an experience like ours during the Olympic year .
Since the massive earthquake occurred in Wenchuan in Sichuan , whenever we 've gazed at the disaster scenes brought to us on the television screen , we could n't accept and did n't dare to face the huge damage done to our nation by these sudden disasters .
The Chinese people 's dauntless national spirit was once again unfolded , behind the figure of the premier in particular , this 66 - year - old premier who was just the same as an ordinary old Chinese person , rushing about the disaster zones .
How often , as we felt compassion for the loss of a myriad lives in an instant , did the disaster relief feats by all walks of society make us feel the greatness of the Chinese nation !
At the same time , we also saw the state 's emergency response and the transparency of public information release , and this also won the praise and respect of the nation and the world at the same time as the harm caused by the calamity was being mitigated .
The resolution and fearlessness displayed by state leaders faced by the disaster has given us even more confidence and courage for the future .
Not long ago , a piece of sensational news emerged .
The US Department of State 's Bureau of Consular Affairs released a directive calling for US citizens heading to Beijing to raise their guard :
China 's guesthouses and hotels would be installing listening devices .
They were going to fully monitor every single foreign guest .
In response to this sort of lie , China politely offered a denial .
At times , Chinese people can show surprising restraint .
For example Iceland singer Bjork gave a concert in Shanghai on March 2 , and while performing a number " Declare Independence " loudly shouted out " Tibet " ; China continued to treat her as a privileged guest .
Actually China was well within its rights to declare that Bjork with this act crudely interfered with China 's domestic politics .
In the end it was left to the Deputy Ministry of Culture to step up and make a few relevant comments .
Not long before , Hollywood director Spielberg openly announced he was quitting his post as artistic advisor for the Olympic Games .
Of course , China can still successfully hold an Olympics without Hollywood celebrities , but the insult and damage were already inflicted .
Of course , the higher the level of fortification , the more money it will =cost .
What 's the significance of this kind of fortification ?
The significance is when an earthquake really strikes , safety can be guaranteed for the buildings that meet earthquake - resistance standards .
Take commercial buildings for example .
Level eight fortification means that if the earthquake intensity of the local area is below the seventh level , a commercial building will not be damaged , will not need repairs , and can continue to be used normally .
If earthquake intensity reaches the eighth level , commercial buildings can continue to be used after necessary repairs , but will not collapse and people 's lives and safety will not be threatened .
If earthquake intensity reaches the ninth level , commercial buildings will not collapse and will not threaten people 's lives and safety .
Our country still does n't have fortification standards higher than level 9 ; the basic intensity of most areas is level 7 .
That is to say , if the national standards for earthquake resistance were strictly enforced , buildings should n't collapse .
With so much said , now we can start analyzing the questions concerning the collapse of the school buildings and public buildings .
Why did so many school buildings and hospitals =crack and collapse so severely in this earthquake ?
Many people suspect there had been jerry - built projects , which is understandable .
But proof and scientific analysis are required to prove this suspicion .
A suggestion to the Chinese government , that is more precautions are now needed instead in earthquake - prone areas where earthquakes have n't occurred .
There should be an appropriate policy for buildings in these areas .
My opinion seems to be so long as a city is not in the epicenter , if a building is extremely sturdy , then it would be able to stand the earthquake without collapsing .
Regarding this , I think buildings in Taiwan Province are also worth learning from .
As I remember , when an earthquake struck Taiwan Province , I noticed on TV that while many residential buildings were already tilted , they just did not collapse , which created opportunities for people to survive .
If seems a concrete - structured building is comparatively sturdy , since it 's a whole .
For some buildings that collapsed in this earthquake , such as collapsed school buildings that buried students underneath , if there are any quality problems with the construction , the builders should be held accountable .
I remember during the Turkish earthquake last time , many real estate developers that made shoddy buildings were held accountable .
I was startled to hear about the Sichuan earthquake , where nearly ten thousand people have already died , and I could n't help feeling panicked .
Though I do n't have any relatives there , we all are Chinese , compatriots in China , and at this moment of calamity , we can not refrain from extending a helping hand , we must do all we can to console our countrymen who have died tragically as well as our own consciences .
At the dinner table , our whole family , including my 13 - year - old daughter and nearly 4 - year - old son , unanimously agreed that we would make a donation for the disaster - stricken people .
My daughter decided to contribute a portion from the money she earns from her mom and dad by doing chores around the house .
Saving the country from disaster is the duty of us overseas Chinese , and it is also the fine tradition of us overseas Chinese .
When the 1911 Revolution broke out back then , overseas Chinese made donations of money and supplies , even directly participating in the revolution , shedding their blood in sacrifice and making a huge contribution for the revolutionary cause in the period of modern China .
When the Japanese aggressors invaded our rivers and mountains , Tan Kah Kee rose and issued a call .
Overseas Chinese in Southeast Asia almost emptied their wallets to donate up to more than 20 million yuan , and along with the remittances overseas Chinese sent to their relatives in China , the total was as huge as several hundred million -LRB- see Tan Kah Kee 's " Memoirs of An Overseas Chinese in Southeast Asia " -RRB- , constituting the most important source of foreign exchange for the national government at that time .
Even in the early 80's following the reform and opening - up , the policy of the Chinese government of inviting foreign capital actually did not attract much investment from the West .
The investments from overseas Chinese still constituted a primary source of foreign capital in that period .
Please do not tell me you know both China and the West .
I know many of you are very ignorant about China and have a deep prejudice against the West .
Unlike us , you did n't experience the hard process of ideological emancipation in China , rinsing out bit by bit the toxic liquid infused into the marrow in the Old Mao era and crystallizing the need for individuality emancipation , freedom and democracy from your own life 's experiences .
Many of you have n't even rinsed off the brands imprinted in the era of the Red Guards .
Some still harbor the Utopia ideal of the era of educated youth , with uncured masochism left from the Old Mao era and still indulging in your memory of Old Mao and vilification of Deng Xiaoping .
You will feel uncomfortable if you are not tortured and envy your compatriots seeing them continue to be tortured .
Many of you only deal with Chinese and kill time day and night before CCTV , indulging in rubbish Chinese soap operas that no one will watch even in China .
I doubt exactly how many of you in the protesting crowd watched CNN 's " China - insulting " words and how many could understand .
Speaking of Chinese traitors , it has always been a concept taken seriously by our countrymen in traditional Chinese culture .
Our countrymen =bitterly hate Chinese traitors .
But since the reform and opening - up , with the worship of everything foreign becoming fashionable , this concept has been continuously challenged .
Therefore , in order to deepen our understanding of what Chinese traitors and their harm are , enhance our concept of nationality , and take action to resolutely combat treason , it is extremely necessary to analyze the differences and similarities between the ancient and modern Chinese traitors .
Chinese traitors , as the name implies , are something after the two Han Dynasties in Chinese history .
But the concepts of patriotism and treason appeared as early as in the Spring and Autumn and Warring States period .
The characteristics of the states in that period and those of the states after that greatly changed .
At that time , traitors who were intellectuals such as Su Qin and Zhang Yi were as numerous as could be and almost became fashionable , but in the end , as most of them sold themselves to the Qin state , and later , because " the Qin emperor swept across the world , with a majestic glare of a tiger , " and China was reunited , no one brought it up any more .
As for patriots , people only remember one person , Qu Yuan . Because Qu Yuan wrote excellent poetry , and there is the Dragon - Boat Festival , his story has been passed down till now .
Well - known traitors in China like Qin Kuai , Zhang Bangchang , Wang Jingwei , and the like were universally condemned , which actually happened later on .
In 1955 , U.S. cartoon magnate Walt Disney set up the first modern style amusement park in California , moving in one by one all the vivid animated characters from his films .
In this amusement park , named after Disney himself , not only could children play with life - sized cartoon figures , they could also drive futurized cars , ride in Mississippi - style paddle steamers , lose themselves in medieval castles , or take a stroll through the streets of America .
From then on , Disneyland became the promised land dreamed about by countless kids all over the world , influencing generation after generation of little and not - so - little kids .
After more than half a century , Disneyland 's fame and appeal continues to grow , creating astonishing wealth for the Disney group .
Theme parks account for forty percent of Disney 's annual revenue .
But who could have thought that the vast majority of the value created by this theme park is derived from services .
Recently , while I was reading a book on management , I had this feeling of being suddenly enlightened .
The book said that the Disneyland in Tokyo , Japan was packed to the brim with crowds everyday .
Since May 12 , lists of " top donors " have appeared on all major domestic portals .
The amount of donation has become the moral scale that measures how much love there is .
Quite a few busyboys have even dug out the personal property and privacy of some rich people who are considered to have donated less than enough , to reveal their being rich but cruel and lack of love to repay society .
In quite a few places , there 's also the phenomenon of intentionally seeking media effects of the donation by redoing it before a video camera .
An old speech made six years ago by Ma Yun , chairman of the Board of Directors of the commercial portal Alibaba , about making donations was also used to create a hype , resulting in moral condemnation by online opinions .
Just as donating is a person 's active moral obligation , not donating is their passive legal right .
In a society that truly respects human dignity , while everyone enthusiastically makes a donation , it must not be a society where people morally try , put before the public and sneer at those who donate nothing or less .
A society that is humane and full of love must also be a tolerant society .
In a tolerant society , we should say " thank you " to even to donations of only one cent .
Once a former reporter of official CCP Central News Agency , but afterwards imprisoned twice spanning seven years for daring to lift the lid on CCP corruption , senior journalist Gao Yu described the CCP 's current control on news as editing its content like a movie before release to the public .
She also noted the so - called patriotic " angry youth " phenomenon that is currently shocking Western society reminded her of the blind arrogance during the Cultural Revolution .
Its roots lie in the CCP 's long - standing blockade of press freedom .
Gao Yu said , " it 's like the kind of exclusion of Western media that occurred during the Cultural Revolution , the exclusion of Western governments in circumstances where we were so poor that five people could n't afford one pair of trousers but still behaved in an arrogant and proud fashion .
I think that China has again fallen into a very foolish , a -LRB- ridiculously savage -RRB- sort of atmosphere ; approaching the kind of political status displayed by the Nazi youth league in Germany before the Berlin Olympic Games .
How could this have come about ?
How can our China have such an astonishing large amount of angry youth ?
I think it is closely related to the lack of press freedom in China . "
Whether the Cultural Revolution was correct or not , the CCP launched it after legally passing it through resolution documents and assembly form .
The decision to bring out the Cultural Revolution was approved by the vast majority in the Central Committee - not only Mao Zedong , Zhou Enlai , Zhu De , and Lin Biao endorsed it , but also Liu Shaoqi , Deng Shaoping , Chen Yun and such old revolutionaries threw in their votes of endorsement .
While after the Cultural Revolution , the CCP official and media 's verdict on the Cultural Revolution was that it was internal disorder and disaster , and their denouncing as counter-revolutionaries of Lin Biao , Jiang Qing and those leaders , cadres , and numerous red guards who had faithfully executed CCP policy was absurd in the extreme .
If the Cultural Revolution was wrong , it went wrong with the Party headquarters , with Chairman Mao .
If Lin Biao and the " Gang of Four " had a problem , it was that they were extreme left , no question of being counter-revolutionaries , rather that they revolted a bit too much .
The CCP Cultural Revolution is a part of CCP history , it can not be cut out ,
and during it , many good things at least did happen .
It can not be simply written off as internal disorder and disaster .
Trying to deliver a verdict on the Cultural Revolution whilst in a parochial and emotional frame of mind is incredibly frivolous , incredibly flippant and it will certainly not stand up to the test of time , and will be laughed at .
In being determined to make the Cultural Revolution , which the CCP passed through formal legal assembly , out as a counter-revolutionary incident , saying it was internal disorder and disaster is the CCP smearing itself , totally uncalled for , and is the second absurdity in the CCP 's history .
Nine Dragons Paper successfully went public in Hong Kong on March 3 , 2006 .
Owning 72 % of the shares , Cheung Yan is honored as " the Dragon Queen of Waste Paper . "
On the television she looks plain and approachable , just like the " girl next door . "
But , it is this " Dragon Queen " who has built a fortune starting as a wage earner , who shrewdly and effectively put forward these three proposals : " exemptions from permanent work contracts , " " reducing the tax burden on the wealthy , " and " a transitional tax - exempt period for business imports of environmental protection equipment . "
This wage earner who built her fortune from scratch has finally completed the entire process from a worker to a spokesperson for the bosses , and totally sides with the bosses .
If you think this is someone who has experienced life as a worker and who will be always soft on the workers to some extent and will still have a bit of compassion left for her same kind when she becomes a boss , then you are wrong .
The three proposals of the Dragon Queen , as well as the likes of " sweatshops " which have come under heavy criticism , have mercilessly smashed people 's illusions .
Wang Shi 's experience of being under public condemnation underscored to a certain extent the tense relationship between the rich and poor classes in Chinese society ; because as China grows prosperous day by day , the gap of wealth between the successful elite and the remaining 1.3 billion people is widening .
Thirty years ago , people had basically the same incomes , which were all deplorably meager .
However , Hurun Report -LRB- Hurun Report -RRB- shows that by 2007 , there were a total of 106 billionaires -LRB- in U.S. dollars -RRB- in China , with the number of people only next to that of the United States .
Now , Wang Shi said , these responses have had effects on me .
He admitted that he was not sensitive enough to the current situation when he wrote his blog .
Wang Shi noted additionally that since China currently has not yet established a sound system of social security insurance , the growing hatred of the rich is unavoidable .
On Tuesday , Wanke announced that it would make an additional donation of RMB 100 million yuan for the temporary resettlement and post-disaster reconstruction in the next three to five years .
Yao Ming , the basketball player who was hailed as a national hero thanks to his success in establishing himself in NBA , was also blamed after he announced his donation of RMB two million yuan because a rumor on the Internet alleged he had donated one million U.S. dollars for disaster relief of Hurricane Katrina -LRB- Hurricane -RRB- in 2005 .
Imagine for a moment what would the scene have been like if the earthquake had struck in a fully - marketized China ?
In that time , the government itself would clearly not have the same power as it has now .
With no state - owned enterprises , no family collectives either , everything individualized -LRB- privatized -RRB- , no resources in the hand , the government would need to depend on the conduct of the rich .
Furthermore , who is left for the government to rule in " small government , big society " ?
Are n't they doing parachute drops ?
With no oil for aviation , petroleum refining in the hands of the capitalists , who would you go to ?
Right now , one word , one phone call and it 's done !
Not done ?
Only if he did n't want the job !
Say the earthquake zone really needs tents and the central government directly gives the order for manufacturers to start planning - how much they need , when they should be ready - who would dare to disobey ?
They would n't dare to disobey , and also would n't dare to raise prices arbitrarily .
If everything was privatized , market - operated , and the government purchased on a large scale , supplying factories would grab the chance to drive up prices , and flog off shoddy seconds as high - quality products .
And so , cases like the evil - minded capitalists in Shanghai swindling the people we loved the most during the time of the War to Resist US Aggression and Aid Korea would re-emerge .
As far as handling of the issue of the " Gang of Four " goes , till now , people are still striving for merit and fawning on .
Little do they know that breaking up the " Gang of Four " is an illegal , disdainful coup that violates internal party regulations .
Any struggle in the CPC history has always been completed through legitimate conventions .
It does n't matter whether or not the content is right , such as Gao Gang , Peng Dehuai , Liu Shaoqi , Hua Guofeng , Hu Yaobang , and Zhao Ziyang ; and also Chen Duxiu , Qu Qiubai , Li Lisan , Bo Gu , Wang Ming , and so on , the rules and procedures were all followed .
But the handling of the " Gang of Four " violated procedures .
Here I 'm not saying whether or not the handling of Jiang Qing and the other people was wrong , I 'm just saying that the method of handling was ridiculous .
The way that Hua Guofeng 's people handled the issue of Jiang Qing was completely different from the way that Deng Xiaoping later handled the issue of Jiang Qing .
The way Hua Guofeng handled the " Gang of Four " was a power struggle .
The starting point was not a struggle of political courses , but of personal ambition .
Hua Guofeng and Jiang Qing were on the same political course .
The struggle between Deng Xiaoping and the " Gang of Four " was over political course disagreements , and not a fight over personal power .
For people like Hua Guofeng and Wang Dongxing , within the party a proposal for a =just treatment would be made sooner or later .
The Communist Party of China should not , under any circumstances , allow any illegal feuds within the party to happen again .
It is said that our country 's earthquake forecasting is at an advanced level in the world .
But the glory of the earthquake workers did not produce good luck for the departed spirits of Wenchuan .
So , we again hear expert figures emphasizing once again , " Earthquake forecasts are a global challenge that so far no one has been able to solve . "
We should offer earthquake workers our full understanding .
Facing the caprice of nature , humankind is really insignificant .
Furthermore , although our sense of security increases with each passing day in line with " significant advances achieved " in seismology , we can not look to anyone to give us any promises . Because , once someone has made a promise , he would be doomed thereafter to bear this bloody weight of " being unable to effectively avoid earthquake disasters . "
And by not issuing any promises , he could actually avoid being censured . Because " there is no way to make predictions " !
Things for Improvement as Exposed in the Disaster Rescue Effort I 'm not writing this article to criticize anyone .
As I was not personally on the scene , I definitely ca n't grasp the main threads of the matter with accuracy .
Here I 'm simply writing down a few thoughts of mine .
In the fallout of the Wenchuan earthquake this time , the PLA entered disaster - hit areas for rescue as soon as they could .
Due to the urgency in time and unprecedented transparency in news reports , I 've been able to see some of the things more clearly than before .
First , the progress of the PLA these years are certainly able to be fully reflected .
I think the most important progress is the improvement in its strategic airlifting capacity .
With imported IL - 76 and homemade Y - 8 , the PLA Air Force airlifted several dozen thousand people to disaster - hit areas within an extremely short period of time .
Troops like those of the Jinan Military Area Command were entirely airlifted , which was definitely unimaginable before .
However , personally I think a larger number of problems have been exposed :
1. Reconnaissance capabilities are seriously lacking .
The epicenter , Wenchuan , was insulated from the outside world following the earthquake , making it hard for the command and people of the entire nation to know the situation at the epicenter , at which time the PLA 's various reconnaissance measures should have been of great use , yet the result was hugely surprising .
The disastrous snow storms had just passed when rioting and violence broke out in Lhasa again .
Now a powerful earthquake has struck in Sichuan 's Wenchuan , this misfortune - plagued homeland of mine .
The earthquake disaster neatly coincided with the Olympic torch relay within China .
The attack of the quake for a time stripped away the luster from the Olympic torch relay , and it lost its significance .
The torch relay is a kind of symbol , it symbolizes luck , peace , unity , and spirit ; it arouses the nationalistic passion of the people , awakens the people 's patriotic zeal .
The transfer of the Olympic torch clearly brings with it a kind of intense rejoicing and an atmosphere of warmth .
But all this has dissipated because of the quake , disappearing without a trace .
Can the torch still continue to be passed on the same way it was in the past ?
I 'm afraid it can not .
Continuing the relay will in the first case chill the hearts of the people in the quake zone , and then serve to chill the hearts of every citizen in the country .
Because of this , putting an end to the torch relay is a very necessary action .
When compared with earthquake relief , with the suffering of people in the disaster zone , the Olympic torch relay is not worth talking about .
What China needs now is all the people with one mind working hand in hand for the rescue effort .
In the first case , let 's clear up an extremely retarded error in understanding - that is the belief that helicopters can do anything , can fly anytime they like , go to anyplace - this is Hollywood blockbusters , this is not fact .
Actually , helicopters are the weakest type of aircraft in the world .
They ca n't fly on the plateau , ca n't fly in mountainous areas , ca n't fly in rain and wind : that is to say , they are most useful in places like Iraq .
But when it came to attacking the Southern Alliance , the US Apache helicopter squadron lost 4 aircraft for no apparent reason while changing bases in the middle of the day .
During the entire period of the Kosovo war -LRB- Kosovo being a mountainous region -RRB- , America 's armed helicopters did not execute a single effective combat mission .
Why ?
Because they were totally unable to take off , the wind in the valleys was lethal to helicopters - the minute they took off they were blown into the mountains .
In that case , is it OK not to fly in the valleys , just fly above the mountain tops then ?
Normally it 's possible , but in this particular earthquake it is n't possible .
Because Wenchuan County is in a valley , you must descend in order to be able to conduct a rescue .
In addition , for Wenchuan , this sort of place lying on the edge of the plateau , ordinary helicopters can not necessarily fly up there .
A helicopter used specifically for plateaus may be required .
Although Wen Jiabao then requested that access to disaster - hit areas be made available by midnight the 13th , it was until 21.30 hours on the 15th that relevant rescuers connected the road from Li County to Wenchuan for the first time , which was already 79 hours after the earthquake .
It should be noted that at the time , rescuers were still unable to access 34 of the 58 townships affected by the disaster .
Everyone who has read Li Bai 's poem knows , " the roads in Shu are so harsh that they are even harsher than going to the sky , " which indicates how harsh and dangerous geographical conditions are in Sichuan .
The mankind is now in the 21st world .
Under the modern technological conditions , two methods , midair helicopters and quick road repair by ground engineers and technicians , should be the preferred effective methods to rescue people in emergency situations in the great mountainous areas of Sichuan .
When quick road connection on the ground encounters difficulties , accessing disaster - hit areas by air should be more efficient .
It 's true that faced with such a great disaster , it 's more crucial to repair damaged roads .
And it must rely on well - trained and flexible professional technical teams with hands - on experience who would " carve out a road at a mountain and set up a bridge at a river . "
However , none of these were realized .
Allowing citizens freedom of expression would make the government continually improve its ability to rectify mistakes .
Clashes engendered by the intensity of conflicts between some local governments and the general public have created very bad social effects .
An important reason is that prior to this , people 's channels for freedom of expression were blocked , and that in apparently calm seas it is easy for the helmsmen to relax vigilance .
Hence , some local governments always believe themselves to be definitely right when it comes to public policymaking .
And when the situation has developed to a considerable extent , for example , a large project has already absorbed huge preliminary funds and a contradiction suddenly erupts , the government departments concerned will find themselves caught in an impasse , with huge social costs to be borne no matter how it is dealt with .
If the government wants to make fewer errors , then it should allow the people freedom of expression .
When Gun tried to control the floodwaters , he was unable to stop the billowing floodwaters with soil , and was finally killed by Shun on Yushan .
His son , Yu the Great , took a different approach from his father 's , and adopted the dredging method , calming the floodwaters several years later .
We can catch a glimpse of the political wisdom of the ancient Chinese from this ancient myth , whose message remains valid till the present day .
Li Kaifu once said , Google 's future lies in *integrated search* -LRB- or universal search -RRB- .
My understanding of integrated search is that search results by other products are included in web search - the most important product of a search engine , because normally web search has the largest number of users .
This way , users do n't have to compare and choose from a large variety of search products today .
Integrated search also embodies the trend to make search engines intelligent .
As search result integration is based on analyzing and judging the function of key words , if a user types the key word " scenery " in Google , Google 's understanding is that the user wants to find images about " scenery , " rather than an introduction about " scenery . "
Thus by adding results of image search to the results , it has realized intelligent search .
Moreover , in the area of furthering earthquake precautions , the entire globe has not seen much improvement .
However , I do believe that at least in the few seconds just before an earthquake strikes , for example say five seconds or even ten seconds before , there would be a small vibration that the human body can not detect .
Even though people can not feel it , instruments ought to be more sensitive .
The minute it is felt by the instruments , if it is possible to sound an alarm on the streets ten seconds ahead of time , giving people a chance to get under desks , then perhaps that would save a lot of lives .
Of course , because modern instruments are very sensitive , they are frequently interfered with by the sound of people 's footsteps , the roar of vehicles , and so on .
But the likely emission pattern of these man - made sounds is distinct from the pattern of underground tremors , so this is asking our country 's pattern recognition workers to put some time and effort into trying to distinguish these sounds from tremors , try to separate underground vibrations from the vibrations caused by people .
This ought to be technologically feasible .
I feel that for many years there have been problems with the work orientation of the Earthquake Administration .
Many experts at the Earthquake Administration all put their minds to work on how to forecast earthquakes , but it is very difficult to make great progress in a short time in this work .
Therefore , it is necessary for the Earthquake Administration to focus their work on how to prepare against earthquakes .
Japan is an earthquake - prone country , where earthquake experts do a great deal of earthquake simulation and modeling , simulating various kinds of circumstances when earthquakes occur .
For example , they postulate that a 7.0 magnitude or stronger earthquake occurring in the Tokyo city center will result in derailed subways , with tens of thousands of people trapped underground , while the large embankment of a river in the north called Arakawa will collapse , causing water to flood into the subterraneous streets .
When this sort of the worst situation occurs , 100,000 people would die in Tokyo .
There are many similar simulations , and many cities such as Nagoya and Osaka have all their own earthquake disaster simulations and have made contingency plans against earthquakes based on these simulations .
Besides training the public to move in a safe direction when an earthquake occurs , they also make the government strengthen the large embankments or construct dual embankments , to prolong the time it takes for the great quantity of water to get to the subway tunnels .
In addition they also conduct experiments on all kinds of housing structures , to see which kinds of houses collapse in which situations .
" As long as the state cares for the common people and takes the people 's lives and rights as its key principle -- as long as there is this kind of basic consensus , the ethical foundation of the harmony of the whole people and the harmony of China and the whole world will be established .
The entire world will extend its support to us , and the whole of mankind will share our joys and woes .
We will make progress along the broad path of human rights , the rule of law , and democracy together with the world . "
A feudal monarch can pay lip service to " caring for the common people , " and a capitalist can also pay lip service to " caring for the common people , " but they both actually carry out life - sucking exploitation of the people .
The socialist cause is the cause of the people themselves .
They can defend it with their lives .
They must rely on themselves and liberate themselves in order to achieve it , and need not any other people to " care for the common people " and " take the lives and rights of the people as their key principle . "
The elite are fond of talking about " equal rights , " and " the right to life " should be the most equal one , should n't it ?
However , the elite are just giving " equal protection " to " mines of gold " of the rich and to the " sticks " the beggars use to drive away dogs .
How could this show the equality in the " right to life ? "
Big real - estate developers proclaim , " We do not think of the poor ! "
The great elite proclaims , " It is stupid to sacrifice yourself for other people ; it was the sweatshops that were not making allowance for the workers ! "
It is Western imperialism that is out of kilter with China !
After Lee Teng - hui put forth the " two states theory " , due to mainland countrymen being deceived by the CCP 's propaganda machine , many people advocated using force to unite Taiwan .
Because they have no understanding whatsoever of the situation in Taiwan and the will of the Taiwan people , they universally exhibited extreme nationalistic sentiment .
Just like the love - hate fusion of nationalistic war sentiment that erupted after the US mistakenly bombed the Chinese embassy .
They similarly did not understand the real story in Kosovo .
But Hong Kong people realize that first there was the Republic of China , only after that came " New China " ; While this " Two States Separatist Theory " has purely and simply been dreamed up by the CCP .
Lee Teng - hui was doing nothing but bringing an already existing phenomenon to light .
Moreover , the grand old men of the CCP who handed over on a silver platter a huge chunk of land in Manchuria north of the Amur River to Soviet Russia , who gave away land equivalent to ten percent of national territory in northern Mongolia ; why not take this back , instead of insisting on trying to grab back a Taiwan that remains in the hands of Chinese people ?
However , even though Hong Kong people have their grumbles , the " two states theory " has in no way triggered a sentimental attachment in Hong Kong people for " Old China " .
It is a pity that in this unprecedented and enthusiastic surge of donation some phenomena occurred that run counter to the original meaning of donation .
If we do not ponder and reexamine this promptly , it will affect the formation of a sustainable and mature donation culture in Chinese society .
Being voluntary and asking for no return are the two major principles of making donations .
Lack of either of the two would make donations taxes or transactions of sale and purchase .
It is voluntary because the donor is following his inner call of morality , rather than an external legal obligation or the fear of sanctions .
When no return is sought , making donations can then assume no nature of exchange of interests on the one hand ,
and on the other hand , more importantly , it also distinguishes donations from handouts .
It wo n't make the beneficiary feel a sense of inequality due to his dependency and need to feel grateful .
Therefore , if donations are not anonymous , at least efforts should be made to prevent the formation of direct one - to - one relationship between the donor and the beneficiary .
Accepting donations should have an extent .
We ca n't accept or not refuse to take donations from everyone and then trumpet on about love and compassion , while giving no thought to whether doing this is or is not lacking in humanity .
Exactly - these poor people donations really are worth calling attention to , but for humane sake , can we accept their donations ?
We ca n't be on the one hand treating the rich , treating the capitalists generously and being exceptionally miserly with the poor , while at the same time not =passing up even the rent money from these kind of poor old guys .
Exactly - elderly people donating is their voluntary will , an expression of the elderly 's compassion .
But , what about the love of this nation 's community for the elderly - does it really love old people ?
Accepting this sort of donation from the poverty - stricken poor , on the surface appears as if out of humanity .
Even though the poor may be clothed in rags , they quite clearly stand on the moral high ground .
However , whether we look at it from its pattern or from its implications , accepting such donations from the poor is precisely what causes us to lose the most basic humanity .
If our country has set up a welfare system guaranteeing the peoples ' maternity , retirement , health and funeral expenses , guaranteeing the basic necessities of life , nobody could possibly have objections to accepting these donations from the poor .
But have we done this ?
I guess the leaders might be feeling a bit fed up recently .
Wang Dong just finished saying free oneself from old ideas , emancipate the mind , when out comes some Hong Kong extreme left - wing students exposing and criticizing " sweat shops " .
Guangdong Province Federation of Trade Unions bosses personally investigated the matter and shot the whole so - called " sweat shop " factories matter down in flames , not dreaming that the specter of " child labor " would then rear its head .
How could a child labor problem arise ?
The brilliant experts and professors immediately identified the root of the problem : Poverty is the real reason !
I have no use for the current crop of intellectuals .
Most of them are all really stupid , do n't know one end of academia from the other , while a few clever ones are overdoing it , and are busy being lackeys for the bureaucrats and private entrepreneurs .
For example , today 's experts often ask : why do " sex workers " always come back ?
This is also due to poverty .
Although we know that " Poverty is not Socialism " , however I suppose with poverty must come child labor ? Must come " sex workers " ?
Poverty is only one cause leading to the problems of child labor and " sex workers " , and is by no means a totally necessary prerequisite . Because for such a substantial period of history , China although still very much in " poverty " , was able to deal with the issues of child labor and " sex workers " in a way unparalleled in history .
The factory managers of those times , had they been even bolder , would never have entertained the thought of exploiting child labor ;
The intellectuals of those times , had they been even more liberated , would not have dared to drum up support for the " out in the sunshine " management of " sex workers " .
Today , although our country has become much richer , with the increase in the size of homes and businesses comes huge waste .
Every year regions in China suffer from droughts , floods , snowstorms , earthquakes and other such natural disasters .
The Premier 's billions in special expenditure were mainly used in helping the disaster victims .
Although China has a lot of foreign exchange reserves , such reserves are used for purchasing foreign things .
And also these foreign exchange reserves are China 's in name , but in actual fact have owners -LRB- businesses -RRB- , and the country can not call upon them to spend at will .
If we want to use them , this can only happen after buying them with RMB from the owners ,
If a trillion in foreign exchange reserves was used , the country would then have to issue more than 7 trillion RMB to pay the owners of the foreign exchange reserves .
This would ruin the currency issue regulation policy of the People 's Bank , creating inflation .
Only with donations from abroad can the country spend freely and resolve this pressing situation .
I appeal to the overseas students , particularly those overseas Chinese countrymen who have a green card or citizenship and middle class people with family incomes to the tune of 100 - thousand , to hold on to the donations going to your American alma mater or church , and pledge them to your own motherland , donate them to your countrymen who are still locked in the struggle for existence !
At present , our nation 's law encompasses all the laws and procedures made by the country 's relevant authorities regarding Internet banking and online electronic payments .
The already - enacted " China Electronic Signature Law " came into effect on April 1 , 2005 .
It confirmed that electronic signatures enjoy equal legal status with handwritten signatures and stamps .
" Electronic Payment Guidelines -LRB- No. 1 -RRB- " released by the People 's Bank designated that customers not using digital certificates during online banking payments will be limited to 1000 yuan with each transaction ; while " Online Banking Management Measures " issued by the CBRC stipulated that opening an online bank must undergo a valid assessment and be ratified by the CBRC .
In addition , " Certificate Verification Management Procedure " -LRB- CSP -RRB- stipulated the duties and obligations between the verifying agency CA and the certificate 's user ; this is a supplement to the law , the criteria for CA management operation .
However , with today 's huge development in the digital economy , when electronic online payments have already become a bottleneck for the growth of electronic business , the above laws and regulations are far from satisfying objective requirements . Such as the formulating of electronic transaction law , revision of accounting law , revision of the law on negotiable bills of exchange , as well as the revision of contract law , etc etc .
An old Chinese saying goes " being in a different trade is like being in another world . "
So if virtually unrelated trades , such as trading timbers , selling miscellaneous goods , running a gold mine , project contracting , operating tour groups , and developing real estates , are put together , can you believe one person can do everything successfully ?
This may be an advantage of southern business people ??
Smooth and slick in all aspects .
At present , chain management , which has become the most important organizational form of domestic and foreign retail businesses , has a crucial role in circulation .
The largest retailer globally Wal - Mart has opened its 10,000 plus stores almost everywhere in the world .
KFC and McDonald 's are the same , in that their chains are world - class .
A company managed as a chain , due to its fairly clear scale advantage and a standardized operational model , which boosts the company 's risk - resistant capabilities and improves its degree of organization , develops at a stunning speed .
Thus , some people have shouted the slogan that they would become the " best retailer in Economic Zone on the West Coast of Taiwan Strait . "
Their name is New Hua Du -LRB- or " New Hua Du Supercenter Co. , Ltd " in full -RRB- .
Actually I know on such a holiday , children should have sent some delicacies to their parents .
In the past , when my paternal grandfather and grandmother were alive , my aunts would ask others to send something up here , and the elderly would usually feel the pride and happiness of being a parent at such a time .
Now I 've got my own small family , but I 've never thought about my parents at home .
Every time I think of them , it 's often a time when we are short of food at our own home .
I should be the one who feels guilty and upset , but it seems I 've never felt this way .
During the telephone call , mother also told me that my maternal grandmother was at her place .
In previous years , mother would prepare something and ask father to send to my maternal grandmother 's place .
My maternal grandmother lives about five li from us , but it 's a mountain path that winds around the mountains , an extremely hard walk .
Yet every time grandma actually comes on her own .
You should know grandma is already an old person of over 80 .
I was a bit unhappy with my mother , " why do n't go and get her . "
Mother said , " grandma is like a kid .
How can I get her when I have no idea when she wants to come ? "
People 's use of computers is changing from being focused on the PC desktop system to being focused on the web .
In other words , in the past we put everything into the computer .
Once the computer is lost , all the information will be lost as well .
However , in this new web-centric mode , such situations will no longer occur because all the services and applications are provided online --
No matter at what kind of terminal , people can access to all the information at any time via the Internet .
This mechanism works just like we deposit our money in a bank and swipe our cards to make purchases instead of carrying cash with us .
As described by Google CEO Schmidt , when computer networks form clusters , they can process huge data sets faster , and their speed to search answers or instructions will surpass that of any single computer in the world .
The absolute majority of hardware is not installed in the Google corporate park , but is distributed all over the world .
It may be running at high speed in a large data center near you .
The attraction of this mode lies in that : the load that a national electricity grid can undertake can never be matched with that of a power generator .
Collapsing in the great Wenchuan earthquake were not only buildings , but also a culture of agricultural civilization .
Agricultural civilization , characterized by an independent individual economy and a centralized polity of dependent groups , is an early stage in human civilization .
Transmission civilization has already begun , that is characterized by a closely cooperative and socially integrated economy , and a polity of individual independence , autonomy , and more choices -LRB- in other words , freedom -RRB- .
Industrial civilization is just an interim phase between these two civilizations .
The massive Wenchuan earthquake marked a complete end to the agricultural civilization .
In an agricultural civilization , people live close to the land , and roads are formed to link their homes .
As soon as a flood occurs , the homes and roads that have been built up over generations will be destroyed in an instant .
The earthquake blocks streams into lakes , and tens of thousands of people abandon their homes to escape the disaster .
In a transmission civilization , transport and telecommunications devices make life easier for people .
People can live where they want .
The unfertile , rugged regions of an agricultural civilization become scenic residences with all the conveniences .
If Nanjie Village had really issued shares , and then it would have been paying dividends on shares from 2004 onwards .
But the iron - clad fact is : none of the villagers or village cadres like Wang Hongbin got dividends .
The whole village continued to operate on its old system of 30 % given as wages based on how much you work , 70 % given as benefits based on need .
Old Yang , a villager , told us that at Spring Festival this year , everyone was given 7 jin of pork -LRB- the Hui people were given 10 jin of mutton -RRB- , 3 jin of fish , and a dozen or so goods like beef , oil , eggs and flour ; as well as 130 yuan of welfare vouchers per person -LRB- with which you can buy whatever goods you like in the supermarket -RRB- .
They are living a happy life with ample food and clothing and shared prosperity .
The vast majority of people support the communal ownership system , and do n't want to disband the collective economy and return to an individual operation system .
Results of the survey : 1. As of today , Nanjie Village has undergone absolutely no changes to its system and has done absolutely no privatization .
What Wang Hongbin and Lei Dequan say is true .
2. . Wang Hongbin , the " communist trail - blazer , " has not turned into a capitalist -LRB- he does n't have any shares , does n't have any savings , does n't have his own car , and does n't have a mansion ;
the villagers all live in new storied buildings set in a beautiful garden - like environment ; his family still live in a single - level building .
We 've seen it , the area is n't as nice as the garden district that the villagers live in -RRB- .
The radio station also provided a telephone number for complaints , instigating people daily to complain .
What do complaints mean ?
Are n't they words from Hong Kong and Taiwan ?
There are petition offices everywhere at our leaders ' location , and naturally there will be people designated to receive letters and visits of the average people in an extremely friendly and cordial manner .
There 's no need for a radio station to be such a nosy parker as to mind others ' business .
Actually I 've known for a long time that by their so - called accepting complaints , the radio station is intentionally collecting unfavorable and negative things for public release .
They do love a good panic .
There 's plenty of positive news in Nanjing , which I 've never seen =it report .
For example , Nanjing 's No. 2 and No. 3 bridges are magnificent and fast , but =it would rather focus on the traffic jam on the No. 1 Bridge .
The marina in Hexi is so wide and broad that even a plane can take off and land , let alone driving a car .
Instead of discussing such , =it would rather focus on those jammed junctions .
Nanjing leads the nation in various aspects .
Instead of publicizing such , =it would rather instigate average people to complain enthusiastically ....
Who does n't make a minor mistake ?
This is indeed finding quarrel in a straw .
Mr. Bo Yang , a famous scholar in Taiwan , passed away this morning at the age of 89 .
His tumultuous yet legendary life came to an end .
From now on , the Chinese literati will again have one fewer sage and warrior .
It was , of course , because of that book " The Ugly Chinaman " that I first learned about Bo Yang .
In the mid and late 80s of the last century , I was in middle school .
For some time , this book was suddenly in hot circulation in our class .
I found a copy very quickly and read it with great eagerness .
I was immediately attracted by Bo Yang 's vivid and pungent style , and sharp and unique opinion .
What impressed me most was the concept of " soy - vat culture " proposed in the book .
A remark that made people most angry was " one Chinaman is a dragon ; three Chinamen are a worm .
One Japanese is a worm , while three Japanese people are a dragon . "
I remember that at that time I even had a debate with my classmates over this in an attempt to prove that " three Chinamen are not a worm . "
It ended up in nothing conclusive .
It was not until later when I grew older and gained more life experience did I gradually come to understand and accept this statement .
I knew it may not be unbiased , yet it indeed hit the nail on the head by pointing out a major weakness in the character of Chinese people .
Haier regards transnational merger and acquisition as an important breakthrough point to realize its globalization .
On May 21 , a senior executive of the Haier Group -LRB- hereafter abbreviated as " Haier " -RRB- gave confirmation to our newspaper that the company has already had an explicit intention to restructure the home appliances business of the US 's General Electric -LRB- hereafter abbreviated as " GE " -RRB- and obtained an initial solution to capital .
So far , Haier has talked to the China Development Bank , with an initial financing plan determined , which draws on the pattern of Lenovo 's acquisition of IBM .
Overseas Expansion Opportunity On May 16 , GE confirmed it might sell or spin off its home appliances business , saying the business is overly concentrated in the United States .
With a total of 13,000 employs globally , GE 's home appliance department has been hardest hit by the stagnant housing market over the past couple of years , as it sells large quantities of dishwashers and refrigerators to home builders .
MattCollins , capital goods analyst at EdwardJones , said that with the weak dollar , the deal could be more attractive to an overseas company trying to get a foothold in the US market .
GE 's home appliances business , which generated USD $ 7.2 billion in revenue last year , is expected to sell for USD $ 4 billion to $ 8 billion .
The middle school he was at was Sangzao Middle School , Anxian , Sichuan .
It 's a junior middle school extremely well - known around Mianyang .
The school had the top middle school entrance exam results in the county for 13 years running , thanks to the high quality of teaching .
Parents in the surrounding region all scramble to send their children there .
The classes with the most students have over 80 students .
The students in the front row are sitting almost under the teacher 's chin .
When the earthquake struck , he was in Mianyang doing some official work .
As the earth was shaking , he could n't keep upright , and he and the dean of general affairs of the school had to cling onto each other .
He could n't get through on a cell phone , and the phone lines were cut .
After the first wave of shocks had passed , he immediately rushed in his car to the school , which was in a badly - hit area .
He drove the car at top speed , and he did n't say a word on the way .
He thought about the laboratory building at the school that had n't been inspected , and worried most that something had happened to that building .
In the mid 80s of the last century , when that building was built , the school had n't used a proper construction company .
It had been built in fits and starts over more than two years .
Later , no - one dared inspect the building .
When the new laboratory building was finished , neither the teachers nor students wanted to move into it .
They all knew what the quality of the construction was like when no - one dared inspect the building .
Near the Guanggu Square , a fruit stand merchant was getting ready to stop his vehicle and start selling .
In the distance , a urban management team member slowly walked over , and the stand merchant had no alternative but to drive away in his vehicle to avoid him .
He drove all the way around ; with no urban management officer in sight , he stopped again , only to see the figure of an urban management officer loom again ...
Such " hide and seek " without seething confrontation often ended up with those sidewalk squatting merchants " pleading for leniency and fleeing defeated . "
This method of law enforcement called " waltz " was gradually developed by Yuan Caishun along with his colleagues after he was transferred to the Guanshan squadron in 2006 .
It has now become the marvelous trick in civilized management .
Yuan Caishun has been working with the urban management for nineteen years .
He knows that once there should be a serious confrontation with ordinary people , there would be enormous social impact , jeopardizing the justification and effect of law enforcement .
He often says to his colleagues : Do n't be afraid of " exhausting your legs and lips . "
Mr. Cao , who is 60 years old this year , simply could n't withstand this " gentle offensive " of his and became the first " builder of illegal buildings to pay his own expenses of tearing down an illegal building " in the city .
In 2005 a safety accident took place in one of the factory buildings illegally constructed by Mr. Cao .
According to the regulations , not only should the factory building be torn down , but also the wages must be paid by the owner .
Mr. Cao was adamantly unwilling .
Untiringly , Yuan Caishun repeatedly visited him at home to persuade him .
This went on for half a month till Mr. Cao finally nodded and took out 4,000 yuan in cash to " foot the bill " for tearing down the factory building he himself constructed at the cost of hundreds of thousands yuan .
I suppose that petroleum hedge funds , having already brought down the US , are probably now looking for the next target .
Internationally , those hedge funds will not easily loosen their grip on petroleum growth stock , allowing the trillions of American dollars in our hands to buy even more oil .
Perhaps they will always keep the oil price high , until the point where China takes its hands off oil prices .
If this happens , the issue of when house prices will fall turns into an issue of when domestic oil prices are let loose .
If our oil prices fall into line with international ones , the outcome of this would be that domestic real estate prices dive . Because the high house price foundation that is derived on the basis of existing economic operating efficiency would be totally lost .
We could n't possibly see the other situation described by well - known national economists : the rise in oil prices drives house prices to go on advancing , because the rise in the price of raw materials causes widespread inflation to occur , and inflationary pressure then promotes house price escalation .
If that was the case , applying the same logic one would arrive at the conclusion that the stock market should skyrocket during a period of inflation .
And I have already posted 7 consecutive articles in this column concerning the reasoning behind " No bull markets with inflation " , so I wo n't linger further .
When I got up in the morning to listen to the radio , I was originally thinking of listening to major national affairs , such as meetings , reports , and activities attended by leaders .
I did n't expect to hear the curses against Nanjing the moment I turned on the radio .
In this city , traffic jams occur either in this place , or in that place .
Either the big bridge is congested , or Beijing West Road is jammed .
He had commented on all the places in Nanjing , condemning them all , without a single nice word .
Our beautiful Nanjing , the Nanjing with good urban planning , the Nanjing with advanced transportation , the Nanjing with towering buildings , the Nanjing as a modern metropolis , the Nanjing we love is described overall as a " congested city . "
I wondered how they knew it , could they be making it up ?
I did n't realize until later that they had installed remote cameras in multiple places to monitor numerous intersections and specifically selected the poor conditions to report on .
They kept chattering about how were such and such roads , such and such vehicles , and sometimes even took the hard - working traffic police to task for not making enough effort to direct .
They even revealed their police group number ; that simply amounted to direct attacks .
Older people getting remarried is a need in life , as well as a need psychologically .
Children 's attention and care for older people , or their emotion and behaviors , ca n't take the place of the emotional exchanges and behaviors between an old couple .
Marriage experts believe older people getting remarried on one hand can reduce the burden on children of both sides .
With two people supporting and caring for each other , children do n't have to get overly distracted and anxious .
On the other hand , by getting remarried , older people will have somebody to depend on at an older age .
They can support each other economically , care for each other in life , have somebody who respond to and understand their words , and comfort each other mentally , which is good for the wellbeing of older people .
In recent years , the phenomenon of older people getting married has gradually increased .
Most young people are in favor of their parents getting remarried , and are even active in being the matchmaker or go - between for the remarriage of their parents , which is a manifestation of social civilization .
Some young people oppose their old people getting remarried , while others are concerned that there may be inheritance disputes after their parents pass away .
They also pay out salary specially providing for a large gang of female duty officers , who watch the screens all day monitoring intersections , and not a few minutes go by without a negative report .
That female voice is pure misery .
I am No. xx duty officer , according to the screen at the moment , such and such an intersection is badly backed up with traffic .
Please , drivers out there who are able to do so , make an attempt to bypass .
It 's bad enough as it is churning out all these negative reports , but then commanding others to listen to your orders , are n't you being even more reactionary ?
And even that 's not enough ,
every day they work on pedestrians to ring in and report , such a place is blocked up again ; and then they interrogate them , what 's the reason for the jam , how long has it been jammed for , has there been an accident , are there any casualties , are there any ...... .
All in all , not a single nice thing to say .
Just in the end insincerely coming up with a couple of words of warning , drive well .
Is n't that crap ?
A perfectly good mood early in the morning totally ruined by you .
Misled by you into this state , how could I not get into an accident ?
Even more impressive , they use a few bad boys , one called Dong Sheng , one called Zhi Yong .
They are supposedly teachers .
Every day for hours on air , straight out insulting and abusing .
If you are abusing ordinary people , then that 's one thing , but it 's always abusing the authorities , some official is n't sympathetic , does n't accomplish anything , does n't do his job , basically it 's serious defamation .
High oil prices have destroyed the original operation mode of the U.S. economy .
As other sectors of the U.S. economy failed to cope with high oil prices by raising labor productivity , their investment returns dropped and capital expenditures declined .
Under the interaction of these two factors , housing prices plummeted and the subprime mortgage crisis exploded .
I am probably the first person in the country who proposed that the rise in oil prices had nothing to do with supply and demand nor did it have anything to do with the Middle East situations .
In early 2004 I already said in an interview with a weekly magazine : The hidden manipulator behind oils is the hedge fund .
Why was n't Europe impacted by high oil prices ?
The European Union has been carrying out its obligation to reduce carbon dioxide emission voluntarily for nearly ten years .
This has led to a constant adjustment of the economic activities in this region with a focus on emission reduction and energy conservation .
As a result , the economy of the European Union , restrained by the Kyoto Protocol , adjusted itself in advance to the challenge of high oil prices , and the overall economy has maintained a healthy operation .
Therefore , the euro can continue to rise during the period of rising oil prices .
Finally , one point that must be stressed is that the disaster rescue this time must mainly rely on mechanized rescue , which should be used especially for removing obstacles and clearing the road leading to Wenchuan .
Repeating again the rescue operation mode for the great Tangshan earthquake , which relied purely on manpower , will not yield good results .
Rescue dogs , detectors , and other professional tools also need to be urgently dispatched and shipped .
Rescue experts from the United States and Japan must also be invited for joint consultation as quickly as possible .
My hometown is in Sichuan , and my parents are still there .
Yesterday I made a phone call and learned they were safe , so I am a bit relieved .
But they said the quake this time was more serious than all the earthquakes before .
Nobody dared to keep staying indoors ; they were just scared of aftershocks .
This morning I called again .
Mom said there was another aftershock at 4:00 a.m. , and all the windows rattled .
Communications with Wenchuan and Lixian remain disconnected as of today , so no details of damages are known .
The surrounding areas such as Beichuan , Dujiangyan , and Hanyuan were severely hit by the earthquake disaster , with death toll already exceeding 8,000 .
Adding that of Wenchuan and Lixian , I estimate it will be between 50,000 and 100,000 , far surpassing that of the typhoon disaster in Myanmar .
The economic losses will surpass that of the nation - wide blizzard disaster at more than 100 billion at least .
Yesterday I called home again .
Mom said grandma had already gone back home .
I asked if she walked back alone again .
Mom said how could that be , of course she accompanied her home .
I was always curious what they , the mother and daughter , would talk about on the way back .
Could it be grandma talking about the happiness of having a full house of grandchildren or grandma feeling proud reminiscing her entire life of bringing up seven sons and daughters .
So mom must be listening quietly .
At this moment she was a daughter just like I am her son at this moment , also eager to listen quietly to her telling about the hardship in the past and the happiness in the future .
Mom said on the phone that she slipped by accident the day before yesterday and got a swollen bump like an egg on the head .
I was extremely worried and asked if mom felt any better , whether her head hurt , and whether she felt dizzy .
Mom said no , it was just a bit swollen still , nothing the matter .
All of a sudden , tears came to my eyes , and I suddenly felt mom had grown old .
This mom , who used to sound grumpy on the phone , has grown old .
Like a child , she listened to my advice and kept promising to be more careful .
When the earth is still unrest in the aftermath of the Great Wenchuan Earthquake that rocked China and shocked the world , the premier of the Chinese government has personally travelled to disaster - hit areas to organize disaster - rescue efforts , winning applause from Chinese worldwide and life - respecting international friends alike .
With the joint effort of people around the world , countless lives have been promptly saved and homeless victims have been initially placed .
People are faced with a further challenge of how to rebuild the homeland for several million people hit by the disaster .
After days of hard thinking , from countless cruel realities that we can not shun away from , we 've finally found a tiny path of hope .
Going forward along the thorny path , we suddenly see the daylight and a bright and broad road leading to the future . That is moving the capital to Chengdu to rebuild western Sichuan .
Moving the capital to Chengdu will help millions of people in the disaster - hit areas rebuild their homeland at an early time .
Rebuilding the homeland for millions of disaster victims , which has never happened and never to happen again , requires a powerful government to " step forward when giving directions " and organize and supervise rebuilding of western Sichuan by itself .
Moving the capital to Chengdu will help stabilize the emotions of people in disaster - hit areas .
The central government being able to share their weal and woe is the best emotional support and mental solace for people in the earthquake - hit area of Wenchuan .
Moving the capital to Chengdu will help provide strong scientific and political support to rebuilding the disaster - hit areas .
Both Nanjie villagers and cadres say there has n't been any restructuring .
Why did the Nandu Daily asserted repeatedly that " there 's solid evidence that Nanjie has restructured " and that Wang Hongbin has " privately turned the village enterprise into private ownership ' under his only name ? ' "
What kind of an iron whip have they got hold of as the weapon to attack Nanjie Village ?
Through our in - depth investigation , it turns out to be like this .
Henan issued a document in 2000 , requesting all enterprise companies across the province to demutualize .
Industrial and commercial authorities asked the Nanjie Village Corporation to register its demutualization .
The village cadres , who was adamant about public ownership -LRB- collective ownership -RRB- , thinking that demutualization was just privatization , did n't go through the formalities , because they did n't want to go back to the old road .
By 2004 , due to the pressure from various parties , with no loans from banks , a shortage of fluid funds and cash problems , the person in charge had no choice but to register demutualization in the name of a dozen some cadres in the village council .
Wang Hongbin 's 9 % shares they recorded were more nominal than real .
This is a forced makeshift in the special context of aligning with the market economy and the predominant trend of demutualization .
Following the registration , it is announced in the village that the equities are owned by all villagers .
Skilled talents can be trained .
Skills can be learned , which include a variety of skills , doctors , engineers , and electricians etc .
Creative talents can not be " trained . "
Young prodigy programs are an example .
Einstein was not " trained . "
Strictly speaking , someone who " trained " him was very disappointed in him and thought he would be a " no - achiever . "
Who " trained " Newton ???
This is true for great scientists , and even more so for great writers .
Cao Xueqin is the best pupil of which " professor " ???
This is true for China , and how about foreign countries ?
Shakespeare , I guess everyone knows .
But who can tell he is the product of which famous master ???
Besides scientists and writers , how about great entrepreneurs , Bill Gates , who " trained " him to develop the operating system ???
Ford , the first entrepreneur who realized automobile assembly lines , who is the immortal that gave rise to his great creative advantages ?
Many people are now disappointed in those past child prodigies who have now " become no different than average people , " making no " great achievements " people have expected !
They have no idea that not only ca n't their approach of " training " those years produce major talents , but people with real potentials would have already become withered under the destruction .
Eventually , it 's not bad to be an average person .
If they ca n't be average , they have to choose to be a monk .
-LRB- Sadly , do they have to attend a child prodigy =program to be a monk ? -RRB-
Let 's just not mention others below this level .
Although air dropping of tents is the top priority , such that the self - saving people in Wenchuan have a place to shelter from the rain , now it 's already 20 hours after the earthquake and images from the scene in Wenchuan have yet to feed to CCTV , which is quite a pity .
Given the capacity of the satellites , feeding could be done anytime .
It 's the same for surveillance aircraft , which have no communication problems .
There 's no need to keep this confidential , as the entire nation are wondering exactly how miserable things are Wenchuan !
Hiding information is not advisable even if the entire town has been buried alive !
Now areas not so seriously affected by the quake , such as Chengdu , Mianyang , Ya'an and Dujiangyan , are instead more easily accessible .
Conversely , Wenchuan and Li County , both hard hit by the disaster , where people are most jeopardized can not be accessed .
Therefore , parachuting and airlifting rescue must be carried out on a large scale , and reporters must be placed there as soon as possible , provided that spots of airlifting and parachuting are determined first by way of airborne surveillance !
It 's best that the seven military area commands and the Army Air Corps of the General Staff Headquarters are all dispatched and allocated properly in locations where rescue materials , medical personnel and engineering personnel are concentrated .
Civil aviation and air force transport aircraft are responsible for transporting large equipment and backup rescue troops .
Shuangliu Airport should also have a dedicated area for use by disaster - rescue aircrews .
Rush repair of facilities like railways , roads , communications , power and tap water pipelines should also be done in a prompt manner .
This is the " broken window theory " of economics , also known as the " broken window fallacy " .
This theory states that when a kid breaks a window , this necessarily leads to the person whose window it is replacing the window pane .
This puts the person who fits windows and the person who manufactures glass in work , and consequently creates employment opportunities and community prosperity .
And in accordance with the " multiplier theory " -- the window industry person earns some money , goes to buy a cola and brings the cola manufacturer an opportunity for business .
The cola dealer might then go to buy shoes .
Following this reasoning through , the wealth brought by the kid breaking a window will outweigh by far the losses involved .
Keynes in ' The General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money ' writes " If the Treasury stuffed all the bottles they used full with banknotes , put these bottles filled with banknotes down a disused mine , and then filled up the mine with city garbage , leaving it to private enterprise to dig up the notes based on principles of laissez - faire , then there would be no more unemployment problem , and with the help of the repercussions , society 's actual income and capital wealth would probably be much greater than now .......
Digging out the hole has got to be better than doing nothing . "
He went on to even suggest : " If our politicians ...... can not think of a better idea , then pyramid - building , earthquakes or even war may all serve to increase wealth . "
I thought of every way possible to borrow money , and due to the help of a lot of friends and relatives , I finally bought the house .
There were many stories in the process that I always remember with gratitude .
I do n't want to lay them out in great detail .
Just keeping them in my mind and being grateful for a lifetime will do .
After the house was bought it stood there for some months , and in the spring equinox of 2007 we started fitting it out .
That really was a time full of hard work and happiness .
Each time we would ride our electric bike from the countryside dozens of kilometers into the city , buying some things and then wearily taking the long road back again .
We rode under the burning sun , through wind and rain , heard the sound of croaking frogs by the roadside , and counted the bright stars above us .
On August 10 it was all over at last , and we moved into the house that belonged to us .
This process was mostly to the credit of my wife .
If it was n't for her decisiveness , this house may well not have belonged to us .
And now that house prices have risen a lot again , if it was now we would have even less of a chance of buying .
While during the whole decoration process , with her sitting on the back of my electric bike , even if her legs were numb , even if the wind blew and she was soaked by rain , she never had a single complaint .
And once we got back to the school , she still had to cook , wash clothes , tidy up that dorm room where we lived , that home .
And I would be sitting in front of the computer well before , writing all those useless articles , one after the other .
Just as a person 's name says something about the person , Chen 's " first pot of gold " came from the lumber business indicated in his name .
In 1982 , Chen got a ticket for a =train bound for Xiamen in exchange of his free labor .
This was the first time that he saw the world beyond the countryside .
It was also this experience that gave him the inspiration for making money .
He secured two truckloads of lumber on his own pretty good credit with the forest farm in the countryside and shipped them to Xiamen , making over 1,000 yuan .
From shipping by trucks to shipping by train , Chen made himself into the largest lumber supplier in Quanzhou by 1986 .
That year , he owned his first house in Xiamen .
However , unwilling to stay put , Chen Fashu mortgaged his house a year later and used it as collateral to purchase a motor tricycle .
Together with his two younger brothers , he hauled goods for a small store and bought the storefront soon afterwards .
Since then , Chen has been irrevocably committed to the business of department stores .
It was also from this small store of less than 10 square meters that the future powerful Xinhuadu Department Store took shape .
There are many many multifarious causes leading to the rise of a powerful country : institutional , cultural , and scientific .
I ca n't keep them clearly separate .
But there is one point .
It is always the new rising powers with larger population that replace the former powers with smaller population .
As it is from Portugal to Spain , Holland , then Britain and France , then Germany , Japan and Russia , and then the United States .
When , in one period , productivity develops to a certain level and productivity per person reaches an utmost , population , territory , and resources then play a decisive role .
Because anything can be learned , but population ca n't be learned and territory ca n't be learned .
Of course , population is not a sufficient condition , but it is definitely a necessary condition for becoming a powerful country .
Only when the conditions of other aspects have been all met does population then become a huge momentum and not a burden .
I dare not say that the next superpower to replace the US will be China , but I do dare say that if there is a country that can replace the US to become the new superpower , it definitely will be a country with a population larger than that of the US
One of the hypotheses states : a long time ago , in order to hide from wild beasts roaming on the land , humans had ever lived in shallow water regions for a long period of time , surviving on aquatic plants and fishes .
Therefore , the body hairs , which increased the friction in water , had fallen off .
The reason for this explanation is that the fine hairs on the back of humans run from one side of the shoulder toward the spine , a different direction from that of monkeys .
Only such a direction could reduce the friction in water , and provide more buoyancy for the person who is swimming in the water .
However , in all the primitive gathering settlements that have been discovered so far , we have not seen any settlement where people lived in such a way .
What is worse is -- from the perspective of the direction of the fine hairs as well -- the fine hairs on humans ' upper arm point downward , while the fine hairs on the lower arm point upward , which is to say , they all run toward the elbow .
This is somewhat similar to monkeys who have hairs : when it rains , they would hold their heads with their hands , and such a direction of their hairs would be easier for the rain to flow away along their elbows
In just nine short days , netizens have shown an unprecedented enthusiasm and concern for the proposal given by " Tian Nan Di Bei . "
As of 20:45 on November 23 , 15,417 people had clicked on this post , and netizens from all over were continually replying to the post to express their support .
" He really is a great farmer who is changing China , because he has solved the food problems of over a billion people so that we wo n't starve to death in the wilderness .
Even though he has n't been selected as an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , and has n't won a Nobel Prize , none of this can disguise the holy brilliance that he personally possesses . "
Many netizens think that Yuan Longping 's repeated winning of major international awards shows international approval and praise for the great contribution in research and promotion aspects of hybrid rice made by those , represented by him , working in rice breeding in China over many years .
If he were to be honored with the Nobel Prize , that would be an even bigger incentive to those coming after him .
France and Rwanda have fallen out with each other .
They have expelled each others ' diplomats and closed their embassies .
Lastly , the government of Rwanda announced that it was cutting off diplomatic relations with France entirely .
The cause is said to be that a French judge issued an international warrant for the arrest of nine important members of the Rwandan government on the charge that they participated in the assassination of Rwanda 's former president twelve years before .
The Rwandan government has resolutely denied the charge , while the international community has likewise not come to any conclusion regarding the affair .
It is simply that the families of the French flight crew have brought the case to the court in France when the former president was killed and thus , that judge and the government want to hold their own law over the heads of others .
If you put aside whether the evidence is conclusive and look only at the obstacles from international law that the case will inevitably face , you will know that this French faux - pas against Rwanda on this occasion is extremely unwise .
The international media has found a few surprises during President Hu 's visits to the four nations of Vietnam , Laos , India and Pakistan :
Receiving " extraordinary - level reception " in Vietnam , according to most Vietnam media , were , Hu in the first and Bush in the second ; a break with diplomatic convention when both the general secretary and the chairman accompanied Hu during the troop review ; the meeting of Bush , Abe , Roh Moo - hyun and others with Hu was safely held in the hotel where Hu was staying , thereby making it resemble an audience with an emperor .
And this even resulted in the international media closely chasing Hu in his footsteps as he made this trip on his subsequent trips to Laos , India , and Pakistan .
Since China had already taken itself to this step , it would n't seem possible to not be in the international media headlines if it ever wishes not to .
For example , when China and India shook hands , it implied that 25 % of the people on Earth had reconciled .
What was there in the international news that was more attention - grabbing than that .
[] Many of the yaks in the Tibet region are raised in the wild .
[] Only when the Tibetans need money will they go into the mountains to catch a few to sell .
[] Yaks can be very curious about outside visitors .
[] In the time it took for us to get out of the vehicle and take a picture , the yak suddenly turned its head and started toward me .
[] It startled young Zhao , who screamed : Quick , get back in the car !
[] Without waiting for me to close the car door , he put the car in reverse gear and backed up a hundred or so meters in a single sitting .
[] We waited for the herd to leisurely cross the road , and climb a hillside before we continued to go on .
[] It 's true indeed , they are the landlords , and we were passers - by , so it was better to be polite .
[] The source of the Minjiang River !
We finally saw the source of the Minjiang River !
[] Like with all great rivers , it is those tiny brooks hidden in the damp earth of groves and thickets that converge into the torrential Minjiang River that has nurtured generations of children in the vast lands of Western Sichuan .
[] Leaving the Minjiang River , the car arrived at high mountains and sheer ridges .
[] Once again , mist again thickly covered the mountaintops .
The elevation at this time was more than 2000 meters .
[] The United States is the most powerful nation in the world ; so naturally the U.S. police are also the world 's most powerful police .
[] The United States is also a country of immigrants , with a pluralistic culture , and a very complex demographic composition ; hence the task of safeguarding the country 's internal security is certainly an arduous one , and it can be imagined that a police force with advanced and powerful equipment is needed .
[] Recently , the U.S. police could be said to be in the spotlight , and have repeatedly become the focus of media attention ; however , what put them in the spotlight was not their heroic acts or their extraordinary contributions in protecting the security of the people .
On the contrary , within the past week , there were successive incidents of police shooting civilians .
[] The tragedy of a wedding ceremony turning into a funeral .
[] In the early morning on the 25th of this month , 23 - year - old Sean Bell invited a group of friends and relatives to a New York nightclub for a happy gathering .
[] This gathering had a special significance , as he was getting married that day , and the party was to allow him to bid farewell to his bachelorhood .
[] Marriage is the greatest event in life , and Bell invited more than 200 guests from all over the United States to New York to attend his wedding .
[] However , he never thought that he would have to say goodbye to this world and end his young life the moment he stepped out of the nightclub .
[] For Bell 's family , the happiest event has unexpectedly turned out to be the most tragic one in the family .
I think that sometimes it is not a bad thing to be ticketed by Uncle Policeman .
I remember reading a post by a fellow student , who said that he was in a very complicated frame of mind after seeing his parents taking off at the airport , and sped up to 120 miles on the highway while listening to Swan Lake .
I have never driven on the highway , but this should have been speeding , right .
I feel that he was extremely unlucky not to have encountered a police officer ,
Some things , some people are just this way .
He always finds you when there is nothing wrong , but disappears whenever he is needed .
In a word , this fellow student had the real bad luck not to have encountered a police officer .
In the end , he drove faster and faster until finally at 140 miles , he sped off the highway and plunged into the woods .
But fortunately , people 's luck always tends to balance out .
Although this fellow student did not encounter a police officer , at least he was not injured in the accident .
It was said that he would have fallen into a river had he left the highway a moment later .
So upon getting a ticket , just consider it the expense of averting a disaster .
Why do humans want to raise offspring ,
Some say this is human nature ,
This is voiced from the perspective of natural human instinct .
Yet from the perspective of human socialization , people in different historical periods saw things differently ,
For example , in China 's period of feudalist society , it was called " raising children to provide for old age , "
But when the retirement system in a society has gradually been established , this opinion no longer holds ,
Have n't some young people chosen so - called DINK families ?
Have n't some people chosen to be what they call single aristocrats ?
And on and on .
Raising a child is a great hassle ,
A mother has to go through various kinds of pregnancy - related discomfort during pregnancy ,
During delivery , it takes a lot of time and energy if it is a natural birth ,
Sometimes she might suffer a cut on her belly .
What are they doing this for .
Of course , according to the opinion of mainstream economists , these women can only be great fools .
" Zhu " means chopsticks .
Interestingly , the pronunciation of chopsticks " zhu " also means " stop , " which is very easy to understand , since we use chopsticks to pick up food .
It is just like Grandma Liu wanting to eat quail eggs .
-LRB- Grandma Liu picked up the chopsticks , only felt that she could not master it , so she said , " The chickens here are so handsome , they also lay such small eggs , which are pretty handsome .
Let me try one . "
This Grandma Liu was really straightforward yet humorous . -RRB-
But another pronunciation " kuai " for chopstick just has the meaning of " quick , " which is just opposite in meaning with " stop " .
It was said that boatmen felt that " stop " was unlucky , so they gave it an opposite name and called it accordingly .
There is a proper way of setting up and laying down chopsticks : they must be of the same length ; if the length is uneven , it has the meaning of really bad luck .
People often use the expression " three longs and two shorts " to symbolize unpredictable changes ; for instance , Sister Feng once said : " Just as there could be unpredicted winds and clouds in the sky , people too can experience misfortunes and fortunes at any time .
At this little age , if I have any long or short because of this illness , then my time on earth would be meaningless ! "
The story goes that in ancient times there were no nails to seal coffins firmly , so after the lid was placed on a coffin , three horizontal boards and two vertical boards would be used to tie the coffin up tightly .
The horizontal boards are long while the vertical ones are short .
Hence when the expression " three longs and two shorts " is mentioned , people are reminded of the sad event of somebody 's death , which would move people to tears , and they would put down their chopsticks , as they do not feel like eating .
For more than 100 days , more than thirty migrant workers at Binhai Park in the city of Haikou have been trying to collect their wages owed by the park , which is in arrears to them for sixteen months of wages totaling more than 400,000 yuan .
They have also lodged a complaint with the Haikou Municipal Labor Arbitration Committee .
However , the labor dispute hearing that was originally scheduled for October 17 has been pushed back repeatedly and up to this day there is still no actual date for the hearing .
-LRB- Monday , Nov. 27 , 2006 -- Workers Daily -- Wage Claim by Thirty - Nine Haikou Migrant Workers Meets with " Protracted War " -RRB-
When wage - claiming migrant workers encounter a " protracted war " , clearly , it is the greatest of injustices toward migrant workers .
Migrant workers are defending their own rights and interests through the legal process , but are being " reasonably but unfairly " postponed .
Just as a reporter said in his report , under the provisions of the Labor Law , the decision made by the Haikou Municipal Labor Arbitration Committee to postpone is reasonable ,
But this puts a problem before the migrant workers : among laborers , migrant workers are a vulnerable group because the income from their labor might only be sufficient for their living expenses .
If the time used for labor arbitration is too long , they will undoubtedly face huge pressure in getting through their lives .
I think the longer the arbitration of the migrant workers ' wage claim is drawn out , not only will it result in the migrant workers facing massive pressure in getting through their lives , but also have them face psychological pressure that can not be endured .
The wage claim by the migrant workers encountering a " protracted war " is in reality a protest against the Labor Law currently in effect .
Does a Labor Law under which it is " reasonable but unfair " to postpone times of arbitration need to be revised to be made more complete .
I had a very lonely childhood because I was the only child in the family , and most of my playmates in the neighborhood had moved to the cities .
Life , like that small river in front of my home , flowed quietly without the slightest ripple .
I often stayed on the riverbank by myself , watching the boats pass by .
They were all very small fishing boats , and under each canopy was a household .
I did not know where they came from or where they were going .
It seemed that I never saw the same boat pass by twice .
My mother sometimes asked : " Huazi , why do you go to the riverbank ? "
I said : " To watch the boats . "
I could not see either end of the river .
I started to think that this world must be very large , but that it does not belong to me .
I just stood on the riverbank watching .
The year when I was eight , we also moved to live on a street in the center of a small town .
Uncle Baocheng still lived a lone life by the river by himself .
I would still go visit him .
On New Year 's Day and other holidays , my parents would invite him over for meals .
In a flash , I was twelve and attending a local middle school that had a bad reputation .
Actually I graduated from elementary school with very good grades , but because my parents were not well connected , I was rejected by the best one , No. 1 Middle School .
I was somewhat despondent .
After they received the notice , my parents were very down .
I went out by myself and kept walking until dark .
I found I had come to the riverbank , and thought I might go and drop a visit to Uncle Baocheng .
At first , I signed up for a blog on DONEWS , thinking that it was a site for IT professionals where I could perhaps find friends more easily .
Later , I signed up for another one on MSN , feeling that writing on MSN might make it easier for me to communicate directly with my MSN pals .
But gradually , I discovered that both sites were not very good .
At that time , DONEWS did not have the function of tallying traffic statistics -LRB- I have the habit of looking at the statistics of everything -RRB- ; and even though MSN had that function , others needed to sign on to MSN before they could reply , this meant that after reading the entries , many could not reply even if they wanted to , hence largely reducing the interactive element .
The enthusiasm with writing the blog at the beginning was short - lived ; after writing a few original articles for promotion , I did not continue anymore .
At that time , I did n't think about posting articles from other sites as I felt that there was no need to post any articles if I could not come up with anything original ; this meant that sometimes for over two months I did n't even update a new entry .
Later , there were also some minor problems with both MSN and DONEWS , so I became more unwilling to post new articles .
So , these two blogs have not really been very popular , either
In a crucial period for the resumption of the Six - Party Talks on the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue , Japanese media revealed on December 3 that in exchange for Russia 's support at the Six - Party Talks , North Korea has given Russia exclusive import rights to its uranium ore .
According to US media reports , Japan 's Tokyo Shimbun quoted the words from an anonymous Russian official as saying that since 2002 Russia and North Korea had been in constant negotiations regarding Russia importing uranium ore from North Korean .
Russia , which has rich oil and gas resources , hoped to enrich the uranium into nuclear fuel and then export it to Vietnam and other countries , thereby becoming a major nuclear fuel export nation .
In exchange for Russia 's public support during the Six - Party Talks , North Korea has recently promised Russia exclusive uranium ore import rights .
The two sides will continue to negotiate .
The Russian embassy in Japan refused to make any comments on the report .
North Korea held its first nuclear test in October this year .
The UN then imposed sanctions , prohibiting member countries from engaging in trade related to weapons of mass destruction with North Korea .
Yasser Arafat -LRB- Yasser Arafat -RRB- was born in August 1929 in Jerusalem .
He was a Sunni Muslim .
When the first Middle East war broke out in 1948 , Arafat , who was only 19 years old , started to get involved in the fight against Israel .
In the 1950s in Kuwait , he secretly planned and founded the " Palestinian National Liberation Movement " -LRB- abbreviated to the " Fatah " -RRB- and " al - Asifa , " its military organization .
Arafat had been in exile abroad since the third Middle East war .
In February 1969 , Arafat began to serve as the chairman of the PLO Executive Committee and since 1971 had concurrently served as the commander - in - chief of the Palestinian Revolutionary Forces .
In November 1988 the Palestinian National Council passed the Declaration of Independence at its special 19th meeting , announcing the establishment of the State of Palestine .
On April 2 of the following year , Arafat was elected the president of the State of Palestine .
Since then , Arafat had appeared on the international political stage as a symbol of the Palestinian nation .
In 1991 , the Middle East peace process started , and the Arafat - led PLO carried out tough negotiations with Israel .
In September 1993 , Palestine and Israel signed the Declaration of Principles in Washington , thereby starting the political solution to the Palestine issue
According to a report by the Spanish newspaper Rebellion today , declassified documents from the US State Department confirmed that in 1964 the US encouraged and supported the Brazilian military to launch a military coup , overthrowing the constitutional president Goulart .
This was recently disclosed by Brazilian investigators .
Brazil 's Globo television reported that historian Fico from the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro conducted this investigation .
He examined the documents released by the US diplomatic agency .
One of the documents entitled " A contingency plan for Brazil " was drafted with the help of the then US Ambassador in Brazil Gordon .
The US helped the opposing forces to deal with what they called " a communist revolution . "
The US State Department named that operation " Brother Sam . "
In letters sent to the White House , Gordon wrote that Goulart might be toppled and that this was for the sake of dealing with a so - called " a communist revolution " supported by Cuba or the Soviet Union .
Gordon described the forces opposing Goulart as " constructive forces " and it was they who had " convinced " the " president " to " hand over power . "
On March 31 , 1964 , President Goulart was overthrown by a military coup , and since then a military dictatorship regime had been established in Brazil , which witnessed five military presidents .
Goulart handed over power without resisting and died in 1976 during exile .
It was not until 1985 that the constitutional system was restored in Brazil and Sarney was elected as President .
At the end of November , relevant state authorities undersold temporary grain reserves twice consecutively in a seven day period in order to increase the supply in the raw grain market and meet enterprises ' demand for grain .
According to information in the website of the State Grain Administration , on November 25 , the National Development and Reform Commission and the State Grain Administration organized bid sales at the Anhui Grain Wholesale Trade Market and the Zhengzhou Grain Wholesale Market of 1.2 million tons of temporary wheat reserves that were purchased in 2006 at the lowest purchase price .
Deals were reached for 1.08 million tons .
On November 29 , they again organized a bid sale at Anhui Grain Wholesale Trade Market of 676.5 thousand tons of early indica rice that had been purchased in 2005 at the lowest purchase price .
Four hundred thousand tons were traded .
Entering into November , the prices of grain in some regions showed a recovery - type uptrend .
During an interview by the First Financial Daily yesterday , Marketing Department Manager Lin of the Xinliang Group , a grain and oil processing company in Henan , said that this year has been different from past years in that it has been influenced by market stabilization purchases .
The majority of the grain resources are concentrated in the state grain repositories while enterprise stocks are lacking .
" We are all waiting to bid on temporary grain reserves . "
According to sources , in Henan Province where the Xinliang Group is located , the first sale of temporary grain reserves only began last week .
It attracted multiple bids from grain and oil processing companies .
[] Just after we left Chengdu , it again began the pattering of small raindrops .
Very soon , we had arrived at Dujiang Weir .
[] I knew this area very well because I 'd been here many times before .
Originally I had planned to drive to the opening of the weir and take a couple of photos to record the scenic spot of this entire journey .
Unfortunately , the fog was even thicker by this time and there was simply no way to see the scenery , so there was nothing to do but to give up .
[] The car followed the west route of the Sichuan 's famous Jiu Huan Road going up against the Minjiang River .
[] Jiu Huan Road is one of the most important tourist main route in Sichuan .
It links most of the Sichuan 's scenic tourist spots , including Dujiang Weir , Siguniang Mountain , Mounigou , Huanglong , Jiuzhaigou , the Wanglang Nature Reserve on the East Loop Route , the Three Kingdoms Heritage Route on Mianyang , An County and Deyang , and as well as Sanxingdui and others .
[] At the same time , the Jiu Huan Route also links the villages in the mountain trenches of Western Sichuan , serving as an important lifeline for local economic development .
[] The Minjiang River followed us at the bottom of the valley , occasionally surging forward , occasionally meandering .
When comparing , you will find there is an extremely sharp contrast between the two countries of China and the US on the issue of tipping ,
Those who assuredly take tips in the US are precisely those who in China are not allowed to take tips .
In China , notices are posted in many restaurants , and even massage parlors , prohibiting attendants from accepting tips from customers ;
However , those who are allowed to take tips in China are precisely those who are not allowed to take tips in the US .
If doctors or journalists in the US are known by the others to have accepted " red envelopes , " they should plan to never work in these professions again for the rest of their lives .
In terms of the gap between the poor and the rich , it is much wider in China than in the US ,
A government employee in the US makes 50,000 US dollars a year , and working class people like waiters can also make 30,000 US dollars . Taxi drivers make even more .
Yet in China , a government employee makes 50,000 RMB , and a waiter can only make about 10,000 RMB .
As a comparison , why do n't people show care and consideration to government employees , doctors , teachers , and journalists in the US , and to attendants in China ,
I met with the mayor of Iowa City .
He is prohibited by statute from accepting gifts and hospitality valued at more than 2.99 US dollars ,
In other words , people ca n't even treat him to a cup of coffee ,
Do n't these people have to support their families and make a living ?
In addition to pointing out the commonly seen advantages of the Caucasians : steel , technologies , weapons , central and unified government , Desmond especially stressed one little - known factor -- bacteria .
He said that when the Caucasians conquered the new continent , the bacteria on their bodies killed far more Indians than their weapons .
In 1519 , six hundred Spaniards landed on Mexico to conquer the Aztec Empire with a population of a few millions .
They lost two thirds of their soldiers in the first clash .
What gave them the decisive advantage was smallpox .
In 1520 the Spaniard infected the opponent with smallpox , killing half of the people in the Aztec Empire including its emperor .
In 1618 Mexico 's twenty million people were reduced to 1.6 million due to the epidemic .
In the meantime , the Indians lacked a kind of bacteria to effectively attack the opponent party .
Desmond did not attribute bacteria to the human species , but believed that they , together with steel , guns and cannons , directly or indirectly originated from farming .
According to Mr. Liu , children who are bullied in schools is a possible reflection of the Japanese social norm of the strong bullying the weak ; in Japan , the Chinese are in a weaker position , so they are easily the target of bullies , and the same applies to children :
" Look , in Japan , a superior bullies his subordinates , a senior bullies a junior , and these simply are very normal cases ; therefore bullying others is something born and bred natively in Japan . "
Facing the issue of their children being bullied , Chinese parents have also raised different opinions .
Miss Hong , who lives in Bunkyo - ku district , said , " When children are bullied in school , parents should not dismiss it ; rather , they should immediately contact the teachers and other parents ' support groups so as to resolve the issue through communications ; at the same time , they have to clearly remember not to get into an argument , as this would be counter-productive . "
Ms Lee , who already has three children , said , " Whether the children are easily bulled in school or not also depends on the social skills of the parents . "
Many Chinese parents themselves could not blend into Japanese society , and even try to avoid contact with other Japanese upon seeing them ; under such a situation , how could their children blend in ?
Parents themselves are mirrors of their children 's growth , so we ourselves have to step out and make friends , so that our children can voluntarily make friends with other Japanese children .
When they have friends , they wo n't be so easily bullied .
It has been almost ten years from the first time I got to know about Inter Milan from the newspaper , and then later I grew to like Inter Milan and to the time when I fell deeply in love with Inter Milan .
Actually , Inter Milan has n't achieved overly spectacular results in the last ten years .
Except a few prizes of little interest like a UEFA Cup , a few divisional cups and a few Super Cups , it has never once gotten a hand on a Champions Cup or a UEFA Champions League Cup .
These achievements simply are n't worth mentioning when compared with those of powerhouses such as Manchester United and Real Madrid .
Even within Italy , their records are quite far behind Juventus and AC .
Then why do I still like Inter Milan ?
Why is there only the blue and blacks in my heart ?
When I first came into contact with football , I appreciated it with a mindset of commiseration with the underdog .
Inter Milan 's just a step away from the championship for years and its long humiliation by Juventus and AC stirred a sense of sympathy in me ;
Secondly , I found Inter Milan 's blue and black jerseys look very comfortable to me visually .
Gradually , I was moved by the persistence of Inter Milan 's chairman Mr. Moratti .
Although the payoff has been small after decades of persistent investment , that does n't change his absolute sincerity toward Inter Milan .
As a result , I started to pay more attention to this soccer team
Rice washing water is said to be a very good natural beauty product .
Our grandmothers ' generation uses it to wash their hair and faces .
The head of our household also says that flowers watered with rice washing water grow exceptionally well .
With decreasing consumption of rice , our family has fewer chances of coming into contact with rice washing water .
When I was a kid , I felt it very fun watching the milk - like rice washing water flow out of the rice pot .
The snow - white and fragrant jasmine flowers that grew out of the nourishment of rice washing water are also no longer seen .
The first time when I cooked rice on a clay stove as a kid , I burned it into a potful of charcoal .
It also cost me a clay pot .
In spite of some of my subsequent remedies such as using a section of the white parts of scallions to expel the burnt smell , adding some water and white rice in an attempt to make it look better , I was still soundly scolded by my dear old mom .
Nowadays , life is becoming simpler , more refined , and more convenient , yet I always feel that something is missing .
[] Very soon it was noontime , and young Zhao parked his car in the rest area of the gas station ,
[] Next to it was a Pangpang Restaurant : " The food here 's not bad , we always come here for lunch .
I also know the boss well . "
[] I let young Zhao be our host and order some real farmhouse dishes .
[] But when the dishes came , I was knocked out .
[] Wild mushrooms fried with duck .
The taste was definitely out of the ordinary , the flavor of the wild mushrooms as it went into your mouth was unforgettable .
[] For the locally famous Lian Mountain double - cooked pork , this big chunk of it was enough to fill me up .
[] I like shredded pork in spicy sauce , and it was just a little too spicy .
[] Spicy duck blood .
Young Zhao said , this was made with fresh duck 's blood , not with duck blood powder .
[] Eh ?
There 's duck blood powder ?
[] It sounded very dangerous .
[] This fresh spicy duck blood had texture that was a little springy and very tender .
But it was just spicy , too spicy !
[] Besides these four dishes , there was a plate of green vegetables , plus a big tureen of soup .
[] " It 's too much , there 's only us two , how are we going to eat this ? " [] I asked young Zhao as I looked at him in surprise .
[] Several dishes , two bowls of rice and a tureen of soup all disappeared entirely after a few minutes of slurping !
[] Young Zhao is a typical Sichuan man .
He 's not tall , quite skinny , but surprisingly , he really can eat .
[] Okay , on this trip I am going to get some good food .
The food tastes best when you eat with a big eater .
First of all , state - owned enterprises sold old and obsolete equipment at low prices to some individual private enterprises -LRB- this was of course done through acquaintances in most cases -RRB- .
Given all aspects of " preferential treatment , " some early individuals engaging in transportation , spare parts refurbishment , and simple processing emerged as the first " wealthy households " in the 80s .
Enterprise reforms first started with small and medium - sized enterprises , and then the policy of " invigorating the large enterprises while relaxing control over the smaller ones " was implemented .
Then through preferential policies and methods such as " substitution of tax payment for profit delivery , " " appropriation instead of loan , " " using loans to exchange for stocks , " " contracting , " and " joint capital , " small and medium - sized enterprises were basically transformed into different modes of ownership such as " privately owned , " " joint venture , " or joint stock systems .
Now we have reached the stage of reforming and fortifying large state - owned enterprises .
During the process of economic restructuring , economic theories such as " marrying off the pretty girls first , " " popsicle theory , " " rotten apples theory , " " price theory , " and " social - wealth - is - tilted - toward - the - elites theory " all began to make their presence one after another ,
Among the various theories , what stood out was the word " sell . "
Dominated by the word " sell , " we sold factories , schools , hospitals , land , labor , resources , environment ..... .
In the series of selling off , state assets have been greatly diminished , and privileges and corrupt elements have left no stone unturned
What was Saddam prosecuted for ?
Earlier on , Iran 's involvement with the Euro - for - oil transactions turned out to be a big news item with negligible after - effects , and finally it became a non-issue , and hence there was no problem for Iran and the United States .
But this time , Putin came up with a Ruble - for - oil proposal , and even began intensive preparations .
Nobody would have any doubts about the technical capacity of Russia , not to mention its ability to protect its own resources and trade systems ,
The intimidation that Russia had inflicted on Ukraine is still remembered with a tinge of fear by some European brother - like countries .
The Ruble is allowed to float freely now , but everyone still has sufficient reasons to doubt the replacement of the US dollar in Dollar - for - oil .
But what was more vicious about Comrade Putin was that he had rolled out what is known as a " barbarous " gold system ; and that is , before the wide acceptance of the Ruble - for - oil , a portion of Russia 's annual oil revenues would be channeled toward increasing the country 's holdings of gold .
This is the first among all major countries to have issued such a clear proclamation - no wonder the recent link between gold and oil had almost been severed .
My wife job - hopped from a Chinese - funded bank to a foreign - funded bank ,
Either in terms of her experience or her ability , my wife is not my match , and most of the time I am her professional teacher .
Her only advantage is her foreign language .
After all , she is an English major graduate .
Now that she joined a foreign - funded bank , her position and salary are both higher than mine ,
Many times I would tease her , saying that they had chosen her , a seemingly qualified candidate , from a bunch of inferiors ...
My wife would answer : too bad my English is better than yours !?
I could n't argue with that , as English is my weakness .
I have gone for numerous recruitment interviews for the foreign - funded banks in the past few years , and also have had some contacts with foreign - funded banks .
My wife 's situation might have been a puzzle for many foreign - funded banks ' recruitment .
It is inevitable for foreign - funded banks to deploy a strategy of utilizing local talent .
Although there is a lot of recruiting information from foreign - funded banks on the Internet every day , as a matter of fact , the satisfactory candidates that they can find are very few .
Highly Original Large - Scale Backdrops in the NTD TV Evening Spectacular
After watching the New Year 's Spectacular held by NTD TV , I had a feeling that I have n't had for a long time ,
I used to feel bored of this kind of cultural gala already , especially the Spring Festival galas inside the country over the last few years .
The awkward way they are slapped together , the lowbrow joke - making and the complexity instilled into the content have caused me to lose interest in entertainment galas , while my body 's literary and art cells seem to be gradually dying off as well as my age advances .
However , I took in NTD TV 's Chinese New Year Spectacular as a friend had suggested and my literary and art cells sprung immediately and unexpectedly back to life .
None of the " a breath of fresh air " or that I was " in ecstasy " sayings can truly describe it .
In simple terms , I have vaguely felt a feeling of having returned home .
I do n't need to say anything about how brilliant the program was .
What most carried me away were , one after another , the large - scale stage backdrops with their unique content .
They gave viewers a completely new and unprecedented sensation ,
Here I 've only selected a few examples to share with everybody .
As for Mao Zedong being " forgotten even by the common people " , " scholars who study Chinese politics " will probably have to patiently wait for a period of time .
Furthermore that period of time might still be very long and I do n't think it 's something we can do anything about .
If we make the " symbol of a society 's progress " a country 's founding leaders being forgotten by their own citizens to the extent that they are " forgotten even by the common people " , then , first of all , I think the Americans would n't be able to do it ,
We can not imagine that the Americans , for the sake of " social progress " , would render Washington " forgotten even by the common people " .
America 's capital would have to change its name .
At least China does n't have a " Mao Zedong City " .
I think on the contrary that it 's not whether Mao Zedong has been " forgotten even by the common people " , but rather that certain people and certain powers are too anxious and too impatient .
Each time September 9 comes around , they unaccountably fix their gaze on the " trend " in " China 's official media " and then make a fuss over it ,
Does n't this illustrate perfectly that Mao Zedong can in no way be " forgotten even by the common people " ,
That 's because those people who fervently hope that Mao Zedong will be " forgotten even by the common people " are forever unable to let go themselves ,
Twenty - eight years after Mao Zedong died , some venerate him and some curse him ,
Regardless of whether it is voices of eulogy or words uttered in curse , it all shows that in the history of China Mao Zedong is a great man who can not be forgotten .
So what is this about being " forgotten even by the common people ? "
You mention that I always had a very big question about The Water Margin .
What 's so good about this book on earth that it is grouped as one of the four great classic novels .
There are excellent parts of the book , but as a novel , the makeup of characters is quite flawed .
For example , this Hu San Niang , with all her loved ones recklessly slaughtered by Li Kui , if she had any guts at all , she should have fought it out with that guy .
Yet she became sworn sister with her enemy and degraded herself by marrying a short ugly man .
What is the hell going on here .
This group of so - called heroes did some righteous deeds , but they did a lot of lousy things as well .
By mentioning that , it 's a lot like a novel about gangster lowlifes .
If a boy uses this book as inspiration , it seems he would have a great chance of going down the road of a criminal lowlife .
In terms of its historical themes , it diverges too much from real history .
Song Jiang 's uprising was not that awe - inspiring .
It seems it was quelled by royalist Zhang Shuye .
In my opinion , The Water Margin is simply not on par with the other three books .
Despite having not yet made his formal appearance in the Super League in Australia , Li Yan has already won praise from the New Zealand Knights club chairman .
Something else is also making Li Yan happy .
The elder sister of the international goalkeeper coach Jia Chunhua is currently helping out as Li Yan 's " nanny , " successfully solving the problem of Li Yan 's meals .
Jia Chunhua 's elder sister happens to live in Auckland , the arena where the Knights are based .
Even more of a coincidence , the house that the Knights club arranged for Li Yan is right across the street from Jia Chunhua 's elder sister 's home .
" I only have to go downstairs and walk across a street to get to Jia Chunhua 's elder sister 's home , " Li Yan said with a smile .
A few days ago when he had not yet found a place to live , Li Yan had been worried about his meals , but now the issue of meals has been smoothly resolved .
" The family of Jia Chunhua 's elder sister is taking special care of me , cooking my dinner every day .
After I finish my daily afternoon training , I go downstairs some time after 5:00 and walk across the street to pick up my dinner .
They are so kind to me that I even feel a bit uneasy ! "
The changes in our business model on this occasion are that we want to promote our commercial edition CRM System -- * Easy Client CRM * , and continue to retain and develop our open source CRM system -- C3CRM .
We 're certainly compelled to make this choice ,
Before we fully undertook C3CRM , we had always felt that we would be able to survive in China by offering technical support and services .
More than four months after we had established the company and officially gone into operation , we discovered that we thought wrong ,
Domestic enterprises are not all very willing to pay for services .
Even if we had some service - paying customers , they would pay for a while and then no more .
This was because they felt that they simply did not need our services and that by paying services fees every year they felt they would lose .
So it is currently very difficult to rely on collecting fees for services in China .
Chairman Pei of shopex feels the same way .
Previously , we wanted to collect fees for the vtiger Chinese language packs , but faced opposition from some friends .
In particular , those friends who had planned to use vtiger Chinese Edition to earn money or gain profit were strongly opposing and carried out a trashy commentary attack against C3CRM 's blog .
Some friends said that there was no notification at all prior to the translation and that they felt a bit cheated for collecting fees after the translation was done .
Later on , we were compelled by pressure to renew the free distribution of the Chinese language packs .
In the future , we will continue to provide everybody free vtiger CRM Chinese language packs and translation tools
On Thursday -LRB- November 23 -RRB- , a series of car bomb attacks took place in Sadr City near Iraq 's capital , Baghdad .
At least 138 people were killed , and more than 200 injured .
This was one of a series of explosions and it caused the highest single death toll in one day since U.S. military actions began in 2003 .
Iraqi officials said at least 138 people were killed ; but some reports noted that the death toll was over 140 .
Authorities have announced an indefinite curfew throughout Baghdad .
In the target Sadr City , which is on the east side of Baghdad , a total of three suicide car bomb attacks took place at 15 - minute intervals ; in addition , there were also sporadic artillery attacks .
The target of the attack was a crowded open - air market in Sadr City .
The first car bomb exploded at 3 p.m. local time , it was powerful , and was followed by two other car bombs .
The series of explosions had resulted in panic in Sadr City , which is on the east side of Baghdad , and the fire and smoke made many feel as if they were on a battlefield .
Sadr City is a gathering place for Shiite Muslims , and has frequently been attacked by Sunni Muslims .
In another attack , gunmen shot at the Iraqi Ministry of Health , and security forces returned fire .
The assassination of the Lebanese Minister of Industry has triggered off angry protests from supporters , plunging Lebanon into yet another precarious situation .
In merely two short years , this minister is the fifth senior official to be assassinated ; this shows that even after the forced withdrawal of Israeli troops , long - suffering Lebanon still has n't ushered in the peace that it hoped for yet .
The United States claimed that the Syrian government was the murderer , but Syria retorted by saying that the accusation was " totally without foundation , and in disregard of facts . "
At this moment , the real murderer is probably tittering , but the world has clearly seen that any one of the regimes of Lebanese and Iraqi is more fragile than the other .
The Western media said that in the " post-Bush " garbage era , countries like Iraq , Syria , and Lebanon will encounter a lot more good shows or terrible tragedies .
And the people believed that .
It is uncertain whether the Canadian Prime Minister had taken the political equivalent of Viagra , or had lost his mind due to political biases , but he " lost his temper " several times in China during APEC , and almost messed up his meeting with President Hu .
Fortunately President Hu was magnanimous enough not to take it to heart , and gave him the honor of a 15 - minute meeting .
However , when this fellow returned to his own country , he boasted recklessly by saying that his meeting with President Hu had " important historical significance , " and even exaggerated by claiming it as his " major diplomatic achievement . "
But those Canadian opponents already disgruntled with him , seeing through his tricks , could immediately tell that the meetings that President Hu had such as with Bush , Abe , and Putin all lasted over an hour ; a mere 15 - minute meeting with you -- excluding the pleasantries and translations -- was no different from an extended hand - shake .
In New Westminster , a homicide occurred yesterday in an apartment where many Chinese reside ,
A youth in his 20s was suspected to have been seriously attacked after he left a party ; he was found lying in one of the apartment units , and was pronounced dead upon arrival at the hospital .
After the event , two men were detained by the police to assist in the investigations , the motive of the murder remains unclear , and the case is now referred to the Provincial Integrated Homicide Investigation Team for further investigations .
According to the spokesman for the Provincial Integrated Homicide Investigation Team , Dale Carr , the crime scene was in an apartment unit on the 800 block of Agnes Street -LRB- Agnes St. -RRB- in New Westminster .
The police received an emergency 911 call at 12:20 a.m. yesterday , and rushed to the address mentioned above to investigate .
When the police arrived at the scene , they found an injured man lying in the unit ; he was seriously wounded , and certified dead upon arrival at the hospital .
The body was sent to the coroner for an autopsy in order to determine the cause of death .
For now , the police will not announce the name of the victim ; it will be decided upon only after the family is notified .
As to the cause of the victim 's death , and whether the case is linked to any illegal activities and others and etc. , the police declined comment .
Carr also said that the police had applied for a search warrant from the court yesterday morning , and entered the unit in the afternoon with the warrant for a detailed investigation , in order to understand more about the incident .
Investigators from the Identification Bureau also went to collect information from the scene later ,
As to the motive of the attack , and whether the police had found the weapon , the police have declined disclosure .
In the face of criticism and nitpicking , I believe that Jesus is weaker than Darwin .
Why ?
Because Darwin was allowed to make mistakes , since he was a human being ; but Jesus was not allowed to make mistakes , since he had been described as God .
Darwin proposed Evolution Theory , but it was just a theory , and he himself also admitted that there were many questions ,
Others may agree with him , or they may accept some parts while disagreeing with other parts , or in the future we might discover that the general direction of Darwin 's evolution is largely correct though filled with a lot of errors , and that there might be an improved version of evolution which is more accurate and comprehensive than what Darwin had proposed .
But as the originator , Darwin deserves much credit .
Jesus is God , and the Bible is the word of God .
God creates everything , understands everything , predicts the future , and is infinitely resourceful , so how can he be wrong !
Therefore , if you find a sentence that is allegedly said by God , but effectively turns out to be wrong , then this god will be overthrown .
Therefore , Jesus is more vulnerable to criticism than Darwin , because once an error is found , then he could not be the true god .
After entering into the WTO , we frequently see that the viewpoint of reporters when criticizing domestic banks is : When the foreign - funded banks arrive later on , if your service attitude does n't improve a bit , I will take my money and deposit it in a foreign - funded bank .
Then we 'll see what these state - owned banks do !
Furthermore , we frequently see theoretical articles saying that the arrival of foreign - funded banks will lead to domestic banks suffering a massive loss of trained personnel because of the wage and benefit issue .
Of course , there are many areas in which I am also dissatisfied naturally with the service of domestic banks .
Regarding salaries at the domestic banks , I also know a thing or two .
But using foreign - funded banks to scare people has absolutely no meaning with regard to solving the problem .
The first thing that has to be clarified is that foreign - funded banks do not act selflessly and go out of their way to help others .
They have a threshold .
Judging from the present , they only serve the wealthy portion of the population , so the majority of those who are enthusiastically waiting in anticipation will probably be disappointed .
So you feel that the line to deposit money in a domestic bank is long and you want to transfer to a foreign - funded bank ?
Without several hundred thousand or a million , even if you want to become somebody else 's client , they wo n't want you .
As for the outflow of trained personnel , most employees of domestic banks have been stirred into an frenzy by the media and can hardly sit still as they wait for the day they will be enlisted .
However , it 's being said that these people want to train their own employees and the first to be hired will be fresh university graduates .
The people who have worked in domestic banks so long will not be in the ranks of those welcomed unless they are extremely specific high - level personnel with customer resources .
Yes !
Mao Zedong led the Chinese people through decades of bloodshed and hard struggle .
Long ago , his life was proven to be all for world peace , all for the people having peaceful and happy lives .
The leader of eight hundred million people devoted his entire precious life to the people of the proletarian class , and gave his eldest son Mao Anying 's life to the people of China 's proletarian class and the motherland .
Chairman Mao was in charge of all the power that governed China .
From beginning to end , all the power to control everything was obtained for the people and used for the people .
In addition , history and facts from the past and the present , from home and abroad , also attest that only his voice in his late years could shake China , and could shake the world .
Yet , in terms of substance , what did he eat ? What kinds of things did he use ?
There was braised pork in soy sauce ; there were heavily patched pajamas , and this radio that martyr Mao Anying often used during his lifetime ...
In sum , nothing can be found that was different from what ordinary people possessed .
Grandma came in the morning .
Qingqing got up and put on clothes by himself , and then went to the kindergarten with Grandma ,
He still had Cola Cao Juan Juan Xin for breakfast and left after finishing eating ,
He left quite early today ; Grandma said she wanted to see Qingqing do physical exercise today .
He did not want to eat dinner in the evening ,
Grandpa said he ate only half a yam ,
There was still yam in Qingqing 's bowl ,
In the end , the yam was eaten , but the rice was left over .
Grandma said Qingqing practiced the keyboard right after he came home today and played very well .
He is already very good at playing " Three Mice . "
Back then Sister Yaoyao was so frustrated by this tune too that she cried out of desperation .
Qingqing played the keyboard and pulled Dad over : " I want to play it for Dad to hear . "
By the side , Dad listened to Qingqing playing ,
Grandma also came over to listen to Qingqing play , and also counted the beat ,
Qingqing sat on the mat with his back very straight .
Grandma said this was better for Qingqing 's health .
Qingqing also practiced very seriously .
Grandma said we should not give Qingqing things to eat at night and must care for Qingqing 's teeth ,
Grandma said to Qingqing : " If your Dad gives you things to eat again at night , I will not allow your Dad to take you home . "
Qingqing said no and wanted to go home ,
Mom said : " How about Grandma stays in our home , is that okay ? "
Qingqing did not agree : " That 's my home .
Grandma has her own home .
Why does she have to come to our home ? "
Grandma said : " Your Dad is my son .
Why could n't I stay in your home , ah ? "
Qingqing thought for a moment : " Grandma , let me tell you , there are five beds in our home .
You can sleep here . "
That 's a quick change
There will be no competition and conflict between Ehack CRM and C3CRM .
Ehack CRM will focus on a certain sector and try to do an in - depth and thorough job on a certain sector .
The operation model of the C3CRM afterwards also underwent changes .
Our focus will be on the secondary development of the C3CRM , rather than providing technical support and services for customers .
In the secondary development , if we find the added functions for customers can meet the needs of most companies , we will add the functions to the C3CRM and release them free of charge ,
In addition , we welcome more companies and developers to do development on the C3CRM .
If they 'd like to share , they can also integrate the developed items and release them on C3CRM .
Next , we will gradually release some development files to help more people do development on the C3CRM .
Ehack CRM is available in a single company version and a multi-company version .
The single - company version mainly targets one company .
The multi-company version mainly targets the companies that provide the lease of CRM such as the numerous IDC companies in the country .
Companies interested in Ehack CRM are welcome to contact us for business cooperation .
Chinanews.com , Nov. 23
According to a report by Japan - based Chinese Review Weekly , from November 15 - 25 , Dalian City of China is holding the " Week of Dalian " featuring a variety of rich and colorful activities in Tokyo , Nagoya , Osaka , Kyoto , Kanazawa , Maizuru , Toyama , Gunma , and other places of Japan .
This has further expanded Dalian 's influence and publicity in Japan , attracting the attention of Japanese news media and people from all sectors and kicking off a new round of " Dalian Fever " in Japan .
The head of the leadership team for this " Week of Dalian " event in Japan is Dalian Mayor Xia Deren , who arrived in Tokyo on November 15 , leading the Dalian Municipal delegation .
The Dalian Municipal delegation consists of the government group , the economics group , the culture group , the education group , the sports group , the overseas talent recruiters group , the media group , and the comprehensive group , among others .
During the " Week of Dalian " in Japan , fourteen events of fairly large scale were planned , such as the Presentation and Consultation on the Dayaowan Bonded Port Area , the Promotional Fair on Dalian 's Key Industrial Park Areas , the Japan - China Economic Forum , the IT Products Presentation , and various exchange activities .
On November 19 , Dalian Mayor Xia Deren met with Chinese Ambassador to Japan Wang Yi in Tokyo .
Xia Deren briefed Ambassador Wang Yi on the main content of this " Week of Dalian " event and on the friendly exchange activities they had carried out with some Japanese cities during the several days since they arrived in Japan
A spokesperson of the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Jiang Yu stated at a routine news conference on the 16th that a report in The Washington Times about " a Chinese submarine tailing the USS Kitty Hawk aircraft carrier battle group " was not factually true .
The Chinese government very " skillfully " displayed a " cunning " ability to respond diplomatically .
During the entire incident , the Chinese military did not say a word from start to finish .
On the other hand , the government first denied it , then later played it down .
It was absolutely an attitude of " broaching a topic with a delicate touch " , in particular the phrase " the report was not factually true " .
How very " cunning ! "
If the report contained just one point that was not factual , then " the report was not factually true " would be correct .
It sounds like it negates everything , but in fact it does n't negate anything at all !
This world is really " intriguing ! "
A large man holding a machine gun from a distance runs to a doorway of the home of a small man , then sees that the small man is holding a vegetable knife with which he is about to slice vegetables .
Subsequently , it is that small man who is " threatening " the " security " of the large man ?!
How " democratic " this world really is !
Whoever has strength has the " right of speech ! "
So the Chinese government has to be a little " cunning . "
If China has twenty of the world 's most advanced aircraft carriers and one of them encountered some ship or another outside New York Harbor , I 'm afraid that it would be the others who were threatening our security .
That is the reality of this world .
In almost every sociology textbook , there is always a chapter entitled " Socialization " .
" Socialization " is a core concept in sociology .
Its meaning is a process in which people obtain their characters and take on behavioral patterns .
Animal behavior is primarily inborn .
Human behavior on the other hand is primarily acquired after birth .
In other words , a newborn baby is still an animal and only becomes a person after undergoing " socialization " .
Socialization primarily occurs during a person 's growth development period .
Of course , after a person reaches adulthood , he or she still has to undergo " resocialization " .
If you follow the logic of sociologists forward , you will feel that it is closely reasoned and well argued .
But there is one point that they do n't explain -- why is it that the acquired learning portion of animal behavior is small ?
Which of the physical characteristics in which humans differ from animals result in the smooth process of acquired learning ?
Why have the vast majority of human individuals not rejected " socialization " ?
These are important questions , but they can not be explained by sociologists .
A song that just could n't be any older .
Back in the days when band combinations were popular in Hong Kong , there was a band called blue jeans .
I 've heard some of their songs , and I do n't like them much , for example , that very famous song , " How Can It Be This Way . "
I , as a person , do n't have much ambition , so when I listen to music , the best is purely to get away from reality , stuff like Utopia , the Garden of Eden , fantasy or sweet nothings is just fine .
I definitely do n't want any critiques on modern society 's wrong practices .
So , even though I love Tat Ming Pair , their " Ten Young Firefighters , " ah , and " In No Particular Order , " ah , all of which are n't my taste .
But then one day I heard the song " Rainy Day , " and could n't believe that this was a Blue Jeans song where they lay down arms and turn romantic .
This feeling is like BLUR 's " TO THE END " or the Rolling Stones ' " AS TERAS GOES BY . "
They say a strong man who can show his emotions is a special treasure .
Even if it 's not manly , it 's impossible to forget .
You do n't have to have a broken heart to go and listen to " Rainy day . "
There 'll always be more of a market for sad songs ; they have more power to hurt .
It 's a hoarse voice very much like Lu Guanting 's , it 's very deep
I have n't written about soccer for a long time .
If I still do n't write anything , I will feel even sorry for myself .
I do n't think you can ever get all the people in a team together .
First Cambiasso was injured .
Now he 's back , yet Cruz has gone for treatment .
And do n't even start on Boba ; he 's always injured .
It would even be strange if he was not injured .
But it 's OK , as there 's a back - up for every person 's position , and the back - ups are all pretty strong .
Now if Inter Milan formed a second team of a lineup , it would be also very strong indeed .
Tonight they 're playing Lisbon , and I expect I will get up and watch the game .
Since I went to school I have n't watched much soccer , and now my soccer cravings have kicked in again .
I 've seen a lot of matches this season , but I only watched up to the match where they lost to Bayern .
I believe they wo n't run into that kind of thing again tonight .
The reason they lost to Lisbon in the first leg was actually still that Inter Milan were too arrogant .
They did n't give much thought to the strength of their opponents ,
But tonight it 's different , they 've lost before , they are n't allowed to lose again in this match ,
More importantly , if they can just win this match then they can go through early .
I do n't think Mancini will have failed to understand the importance of this match .
In the club they take this match very seriously .
They think it 's as important as the fight for the lead over the weekend
Everyone knows North Korea is poor .
Every year China assists with such a great amount of grain , crude oil , and so many light industrial products .
From this we can see the degree to which agriculture and basic industries in this country have been reduced .
But for North Korean athletes , although every one of them looks very skinny , their energy is no less than that of our athletes , who are provided with three scientifically formulated meals a day .
A women 's soccer match is now being broadcasted live .
Looking at the speed and fight of the North Korean girls , I basically already know the outcome of this match .
Of course the soccer ball is round , and anything is possible , but to be able to excel under such repression is almost an impossible mission .
I have been thinking about what makes North Korean athletes so full of energy ,
Though each of them looks sallow , when in a real fight , let alone China , they are even no less strong -LRB- physically -RRB- than the European teams .
It suddenly occurred to me that North Korea is rich in Korean ginseng .
There is n't enough rice , but they can mix it with ginseng for food .
Although your stomach may be not satisfied with it , the energy your body gets is surely not something three meals of braised pork in brown sauce can compare .
[] A high school teacher teaching chemistry in the United Kingdom has appealed to the Department of Education to allow the views and theories that God created everything and intellectual life created the world to be introduced into school to be taught to students together along with Darwin 's theory of evolution , which has been dominating the scientific community since the 19th century , and let students judge between right and wrong for themselves .
[] The long - standing policy of British Department of Education has been that the theories such as God 's creation are " unsuitable " for primary and secondary education .
[] Critics have pointed out that some scholars from non-English countries actually have long mistranslated evolution theory and misinterpreted Darwin 's original intent , and the translation itself has a natural development from low to high level , a falsehood with almost religious bearings .
[] Also some Western scholars - such as paleontologists and archaeologists from the United Kingdom , France , and Germany in the 19th and 20th centuries - have long made use of the distorted theory of evolution and social Darwinism derived from the argument to attempt to prove their point that certain races are more advanced than others .
Limbering up after training is very important !
Today team members and I played a one - against - two exercise of offensive and defensive technique .
I led Chen Long/Zhou Wenlong in practice .
Since I became a coach , I have had little time to take on the court and play a match with team members because once the coaches step onto the court , the other team members will stop to watch us play and wo n't carry out their training duties very well .
I have n't stepped onto a court for a long time and I thought I might not be able to play a full fifty minutes .
Once I started playing , I played fine , hey , and my speed was still pretty good , so when I led them in play together the atmosphere was really good .
I played for fifty minutes in one sitting .
Afterwards when I rested a bit I felt a bit tired and my body also reacted with a lot of aching pain .
But I really enjoyed myself !
After training , you have to remember to limber up !
It is really important .
If you do n't do a good job in limberring up , it will affect your training in the next day !
Power is produced by the contraction of muscle .
After vigorous exercise , muscles will also become excessively tired .
So if you want them to recover , you have to make them regain their elasticity .
We have to help them by putting pressure on the ligaments and make muscles that have contracted too much following vigorous exercise regain their elasticity by stretching them .
This is what we call limbering up .
If you do n't allow your muscles to loosen up and recover each time after training , eventually you will get an injury .
In the past , China 's wealth was entirely state assets or collective assets .
It all belonged to the ordinary people .
In other words , when the " elite " first began to clamor for " reform " , wealth was in the hands of the ordinary people and " reform " was in the hands of the " elite . "
After reforms here and reforms there , the outcome was that wealth had fled into the hands of the " elite " and the foreigners .
The ordinary people were left only with " reform " , while the " elite " who constituted less than 10 % of China held more than 90 % of the wealth .
No matter how the " elite " sugarcoated it , the fact was still a fact .
First - hand experience is more authoritative than any smooth talk .
As long as an ordinary Chinese 's IQ is not the same as that of the house dogs of the jet set , they can not possibly remained indifferent when faced with such reality .
If the " elite " want the ordinary people to have no opinion or bitterness over this , depriving the ordinary people of their " right of speech " would be useless , using " entitlement theory " to deprive the ordinary people of their right to thought would be useless , and " revealing the dagger at the end " by using politics , violence and suppression would be even more useless .
Reckoning all the options , it seems that the only thing to do is to eliminate the ordinary people 's ability to perceive , causing the ordinary people to have absolutely no consciousness of any of the suffering .
This might have solved the problem -- of course , this is the elite 's " most ideal " solution .
As long as this day dream is n't realized , ordinary people will inevitably have their own assessment of all the facts , and it is unlikely that the " reforms " of the " elite " wo n't have a stink about them in the minds of ordinary people .
It was n't that anybody had used language to give reform a " stink " , but that the " elite " had used action themselves to make themselves " stink " and make their " reform " stink .
With unprecedented fervor , all the people of China 's ethnic groups plunged with boundless enthusiasm into the high tide of the construction of socialism !
It gave rise to the years of burning passions .
There emerged a large group of working - class advanced role models in the fashion of Wang Jinxi the Iron Man .
" I would rather live twenty years less if it meant that I could bring in the Daqing Oilfield " is the most representative heroic statement of that era .
The " Lei Feng Spirit " of taking pleasure in helping people was exalted throughout society .
Advanced achievements in " innovation " and " abandoning private interests to achieve public good " came one after the other without an end .
Although the economy was not prosperous during that era , both internationally and domestically we prevailed over difficulties that were difficult to imagine .
The people were not distressed by economic backwardness , but rather were full of confidence in the ideal of building a new life .
They had ample spiritual sustenance to keep them full .
" At night you do n't close the door and on the road you do n't appropriate lost property " ; " Human relations stretched to all corners of the land " , " Hearts link to each other even when they are a world apart for the public good " and " strict enforcement of order and bans " best described the society in that era .
[] Chairman Wu Bangguo of the NPC Standing Committee arrived in Hong Kong on the 2nd to attend the opening ceremony of the Telecom World Expo , and with that , starting his trip of the three - day visit .
[] He first engaged himself in the event of getting close to ordinary people , chatting casually with students and residents .
[] However , contrary to what the outsiders have expected , this time Wu Bangguo did not make any special effort to support Donald Tsang when the elections of the Election Committee and the SAR Chief Executive are approaching , but only stressing his confidence in the future of Hong Kong and hoping that all sectors will get united , exercise tolerance , and properly deal with the existing social conflicts and differences .
[] Happy to See Changes in Hong Kong On the 3rd , Wu Bangguo attended the opening ceremony and the cocktail reception of the Telecom World Expo .
In the evening he will attend the home banquet held by SAR Chief Executive Donald Tsang in his honor at the Government House .
[] This is Wu Bangguo 's second visit to Hong Kong .
[] After he arrived in Hong Kong on the 2nd , he twice stressed that the current economy and people 's livelihood in Hong Kong are much improved compared with the last time he visited Hong Kong in 2000 .
[] Six years ago , Wu Bangguo visited Hong Kong in a position of Vice Premier .
[] Wu Bangguo 's main task on his visit to Hong Kong this time was to preside over the " Telecom World Expo 2006 " that opened on the 3rd .
[] Upon arriving in Hong Kong , he first gave a brief speech at the airport , stating in clear terms that his purpose of this visit to Hong Kong was to preside over the opening ceremony of the Telecom World Expo .
Tmac 's problem is actually very simple , that is : do n't be selfish , be motivated .
Yesterday KB shot 26 times , and he 's just had a knee surgery this summer .
Is he really not worried about getting injured again ?
That is being unselfish , and that is being motivated .
Tmac gets the highest salary in the team , so he should n't care too much about himself .
If he 's like what he is doing right now -- neither willing to break through at the risk of being injured , nor willing to take the responsibility of the last shot on his own shoulders like a real leader of the team -- then we get the Tmac we 've got now , and we might hate what 's happened to him , but we 're angry that he 's not fighting back .
That 35 - second flash of brilliance just proves that he has the ability to create miracles .
A real great star wants to keep on creating miracles , keep on breaking records , and keep on pushing the limits
Looking back at 2006 , it can be found that when choosing collaboration partners in Chinese market , more and more multinational corporations turned to Baidu .
Last month it was eBay , and before that , there was content provider MTV ; IT hardware manufacturer Hewlett - Packard , IBM , and mobile phone manufacturer Nokia .
Microsoft 's choice of Baidu this time has yet again strengthened Baidu 's brand name .
Over the past one year , Baidu 's brand name has established a polarization , where the strong becomes even stronger .
Therefore , brand names have become an insurmountable barrier for pursuers .
Multinational corporations ' choice of Baidu was based on the selections of Baidu made by the Chinese market as well as Chinese netizens .
According to the latest survey data released by iResearch , Baidu 's market share has reached 69 % , while the market share of its major competitor Google has slipped to about 19 % in China .
Recently , Google has raised doubts about the survey data .
It is very possible that Google is worried about being marginalized .
Today , Singapore 's Zaobao.com reporter Yu Zeyuan filed a report from Beijing -- " Chinese Official Media Silent on 28th Anniversary of Mao Zedong 's Death " ,
The first characteristic seized by this fellow was that " yesterday was the 28th anniversary of the death of Mao Zedong , the founder of Communist China , but in official Chinese media , including television , newspapers , and websites , there were hardly any reports commemorating Mao .
Many people had already forgotten or did not even know the death anniversary and birthday of this first - generation Chinese communist leader .
After the collapse of Saddam Hussein 's dictatorial regime , Iraqi religious forces had entered a period of revitalization and expansion ,
Although the distribution system of the new legislative power in Iraq had generally taken care of the interests of all parties , and found a relatively reasonable balance point among all ethnic groups and sects -- otherwise a management committee , the interim constitution , and the current interim government would not have been successfully generated -- this does not mean that there were no contradictions among them .
From an internal point of view , Shiites and Kurds tend to see eye to eye on the political and economic benefits , and Iraqi politics had almost become the arena of these two factions ,
Although under the balance of interests some of Sunni political figures were involved in politics , what the Sunni radical groups were most concerned about was that the Shiites would turn around and suppress them in the future .
In February of this year , a radical Sunni organization attacked the Ali Mosque , which is the religious shrine of Shiite Muslims , and this led to the eruption of the conflict between Iraq 's two largest parties .
[] Taiwan 's Public Television Service today hosted a debate meeting for Taipei 's mayoral candidates ,
[] However , three people , Li Ao , Clara Chou and Ke Tsi - hai , who had low support of the poll , were not invited to participate .
[] On another television program , Li Ao bitterly criticized the Public Television Service for being unfair .
He also pulled out already prepared lawsuit pleadings , saying that he had decided to sue PTS for attempting to prevent him from being elected .
[] On a program on TVBS broadcasted at the same time as the debate was going on , Li Ao said that his lawsuit pleadings against PTS had already been written .
[] All equally were Taipei mayoral candidates , PTS has invited only Hau Lung - bin , Frank Hsieh and James Soong to the debate ,
[] Li Ao decided to sue to the end .
[] Li Ao said the chairman and board members of PTS would have all been included in the lawsuit .
" Why ?
To keep me from being elected ! "
[] Another candidate , Clara Chou , also said that it violated democracy , was extremely arbitrary and breached professional media conduct .
She raised a fairly strong protest .
[] Chen Shui - bian : Taiwanese stocks can hit ten - thousand points
[] Li Ao : It is a nightmare of deceit
[] On a Taiwanese television program today , Li Ao and Clara Chou criticized Chen Shui - bian for saying today that the Taiwanese stock market could hit ten - thousand points .
They said it was simply a nightmare of deceit .
[] Li Ao and Clara Chou both took exception to Chen Shui - bian today 's exaggerated statement that the Taiwanese stock market could hit over ten - thousand points during his term of office .
[] Clara Chou said that for the stock market to hit ten - thousand points , it would likely be necessary to change to a different government ,
[] If Chen Shui - bian resigns , it might hit ten - thousand points .
Following the government 's announcement of new immigration regulations , all travelers arriving in New Zealand will receive the same treatment as they would receive when going to the US .
When they enter the country , they will be asked to provide biometric information .
At a press conference this afternoon , new immigration law confirmed by Immigration Minister David Cunliffe will give immigration officials the power to collect , store and use biometric information of non-New Zealand citizens .
These so - called non-New Zealand citizens include people with a tourist , temporary or residency visa .
These new regulations are very similar to procedures for entering the US .
The new immigration law also permits the immigration service to provide " limited " biometric information on New Zealand citizens to neighboring countries .
However , the law does not explain the reason .
Cunliffe said , it has presently not been decided when or how the biometric information will be collected from people 's bodies .
The government has introduced legislation that will permit further collection of DNA samples from people 's bodies .
The new regulation on biometric information is only one article among the sixty - one articles that make up the new regulations .
Cunliffe said the new regulations will effectively simplify border - entry procedures and protect citizens ' right and international human rights .
Although lacking enough evidence to show who poisoned Alexander Litvinenko , a former Russian spy still under emergency treatment in a London hospital , it is no surprise that everyone immediately suspected the Russian government and President Putin .
Litvinenko betrayed Russia , had many enemies there , and had records of violating Russia 's relevant judicial laws and human rights .
Many people in the West had believed that this poor former Russian special agent would probably get assassinated .
The Kremlin immediately defended itself ; this was also no surprise at all .
A Kremlin spokesperson announced that any assumption about Russian government 's involvement in this poisoning incident was fantastic talk without any evidence ,
A foreign intelligence agency spokesperson said that the Soviet Union and the Russian Intelligence Agency have never carried out any assassination activity since 1959 .
Who believes it ?
Russia has always disregarded human rights .
The response of the Russian government to any human rights related issues is always disappointing .
How really nice it would be if Putin 's people would say something like the following words : Ah , this is really vicious .
We will surely assist in finding out who is the murderer !
How really nice it would be if Putin said some similar words after investigating the assassination of journalist Anna Politkovskaya behind her own home door .
These journalists , politicians , and business people , they only committed the " crime " of reforming Russia , yet they were assassinated .
Two hundred and fifteen innocents were killed in Baghdad , with their limbs flown everywhere and flesh all over the bloody ground .
This results in the biggest death toll since the deposing of Saddam .
The Sunni and Shiite factions have quickly competed to blame each other , making this shocking massacre , which no one will admit , seem even more horrific .
Bush , who ca n't even protect himself , has long given up his cowboy act .
Before Thanksgiving he released turkeys according to tradition , yet untraditionally , he admitted that " the Iraq war is now like the Vietnam war . "
I do n't know what the Iraqi authorities , who are struggling hard to survive , are going to think .
Perhaps the summit that Iran , Iraq and Syria are planning is their move to seek for self - salvation .
But one of the participants of the summit is unexpectedly none other than the mortal enemy of the US .
As Iraq does n't evade it , and the US can not block it , this is enough to show that those 215 wronged spirits have actually found peace .
There came the news of an explosion at Moscow University .
No one was hurt , but it was a serious psychological blow .
Moscow University is a symbol of Russia .
Its position is even higher than that of Harvard in the US .
If people 's evil conduct even befalls such hallowed ground , then the hurt it causes to the people 's heart and even the president can be easily imagined .
Putin was already feeling down and upset .
The West insists that that defected spy who died in exile in London was eliminated on Putin 's orders .
They 've gone on to call Putin " a cold war schemer . "
The handsome and cool - styled Putin has become furious , with the Russian government issuing a very strongly worded denial as well .
But the all too credible " last words of the spy , " together with Putin 's own background in espionage , have still managed to put a scowl on the face of this modern popular leader at the Russia - EU summit .
Prior to Darwin , there were two schools of ecological thought : harmony theory and conflict theory .
Darwin was the consolidator .
If we take a comprehensive look at Darwin 's thought today , he has not been seen , as we initially thought , to merely inherit the conflict thought of which Malthus is the representative .
Darwin , at the same time , also inherits the thought of harmony .
In his early years , Darwin was an admirer of Linne .
After reading Linne 's works , Darwin formulated the following type of view regarding the natural world : that nature is a complex network and is replete with harmony and interdependence .
For example , can a species of plant depend on itself to survive ?
It is impossible .
When it blooms , it needs help from bees to disseminate pollen for it .
When it bears fruit , it needs birds to transfer its fruit elsewhere .
Only in this way can this species of plant propagate and spread its own future generations to all the corners of the Earth .
So he proposed that the nature was a complex network and that its members were interdependent .
This was the first stage in his research and his entire theory .
We ought to acknowledge that within the limits of a specific time , one can find things of positive significance in many events in the history .
But take note , these things of positive significance are restricted by the premise of specific time .
Extending these positive significances beyond that premise is totally meaningless .
So that is why my sense of uncertainty has arisen .
I clearly understand that the so - called " positive " significances referred to in The River Elegy only exist in a puerile fashion in that special period of time .
So why to the contrary has this kind of puerile thing again unexpectedly become our survey pole and flag in a mature era far from that period ?
If it is not nonsense or for some ulterior motive , then we probably have to say that society really has significantly regressed .
Does such a grown - up really keep turning back as he lives on ?
Regarding this as fine , but perhaps a different explanation is that society has not regressed , but just that there are some people who have not progressed ,
As for them , that 's the way it is , and that was their zenith ,
Once that period was past , basically they became the same as those about to be buried , and they are getting worse day by day .
More than half of the UEFA Champions League games have already taken place , and basically many strong teams are guaranteed access to the elimination series .
Although the focus of this round is on the match between Basa and Chelsea , there is little doubt that they would jointly enter the quarter - finals .
But the situation is very complicated in Group B ; if Bayern does its best and judging by their abilities , they should entirely demolish the Sporting Lisbon .
Internazionale Milan has lost the previous two matches to the opponents , but now they have finally began to explode ; it remains to be seen if such an explosion would be too late .
On the 4th day of the matches , Internazionale Milan would be in freezing - cold Moscow ; Spartak is the only team that uses artificial turf , and it will be a great test for the Internazionale Milan .
Inter Milan is without its four key players , Cambiasso , Recoba , Adriano , and Vieira .
With the absence of these four players , it is estimated that Internazionale Milan might be significantly affected .
If they can not score three points in this match , their mission of acquiring the championship basically comes to an end .
There are some other games where the outcomes are fairly certain from my point of view .
Both the English Super and Italy 's Serie A have their advantages to some extent ; but Italy 's Serie A play two games within a week , and this would put their physical abilities to the test .
Especially for the Internazionale Milan , who exerted tremendous effort in trying to win the big game against AC Milan in the Derby war ; now they must be mentally and physically exhausted after they arrived in Moscow
The company that I previously worked at in Beijing encouraged employees to take the test for their drivers ' licenses .
The result was that the companies had a pile of drivers who possessed drivers ' licenses but did not know how to drive because , although having passed the driver 's test , they had too little actual experience on the road and were afraid of driving .
I did n't take a road test in the US either so I 'm not clear how it 's actually done .
But in these last couple of days I have read articles about road tests posted by other people and I sensed that the test in the United States was primarily to test for safety awareness ,
Americans probably feel that there 's not much to test for technical driving skills since most cars are automatic vehicles , and who would not be able to learn it , on the other hand , it is safety awareness that is the standard for detecting whether a driver will threaten his own life or the life of anybody else .
A friend once told me that his classmate who had three years of driving experience in mainland China had to take the road test seven times before he finally passed it in the US .
I think that after driving for three years the classmate was surely able to drive a car very well , but the problem was precisely that he drove too well , he had a hard time adapting from no rules to rules .
I think the high requirements placed in mainland China on the driver 's technical skills are due to the large number of people who do not observe regulations .
On the road , it is very normal to see people suddenly dart out , so good technical skills are indispensable .
In the small cities here , there are few people along the big avenues , so there 's no need to be too worried about such things
[] I left Chengdu with great excitement , accompanied by Xiao Zhao , my friend 's driver .
[] Xiao Zhao is a Chengdu local resident , and has often driven visitors to Jiuzhai and Huanglong to tour on an average of over ten trips a year ; hence he is very familiar with the routes and the environment .
[] The total distance between Chengdu and Jiuzhai is over 400 km , and it takes six to seven hours .
To get there within a day would be too rushed and exhausting , and the body might not adjust well to the area 's high altitude while touring Jiuzhai the next day .
[] If the trip is divided into two days , not only would it be much safer , there would also be more time to make brief stopovers at tourist spots and ancient towns along the way .
[] In Xiao Zhao 's words , the process is also very important , ah ?
[] Even though I wanted to reunite with my parents , who had already arrived in Jiuzhai ealier , I still accepted Xiao 's careful arrangement with pleasure .
[] According to the plan , the first day 's route was from Dujianyan to Wenchuan , and we stayed overnight in Maoxian .
[] We continued to forge ahead the next day , passing through Diexi Haizi , Mao'ergai , Songpan , and finally arrived at Jiuzhaigou and Huanglong scenic areas .
The more than 6,000 workers that this group used to have were all bought out .
Only some 700 people work at the reorganized Cinda Changlin Group .
The rest of them have all scattered in limbo as they search for a way to make a living .
Since January 2005 , they themselves have had to renew insurances by themselves .
For the costs of retirement and health insurances at current levels , each person has to pay about 3,000 yuan per year .
Where can they go to get the money ?
This month Jiangxi Province increased pension payments to the retirees , but all the indispensable living costs that a person needs to pay for have started to rise accordingly in the markets .
The government 's " average wage " level is going to rise again , so next year the costs of retirement and health insurances that laid - off workers have to pay for will rise again .
Even for those laid - off workers who can find work , are private companies going to give them higher wages ?
And how are those who can not find jobs going to make a living ?
Has the government thought about this ?
If there are problems in the future , who will then be the one breaking the " law " ?
These days , overseas study has become popular .
To friends and relatives , it 's a proud thing to be mentioned .
Children of the rich and government officials , who does n't want to enhance their status through overseas study ?
Let alone that getting oneself a western diploma will make getting a good job easier in the future .
Even old dad and mom making a parade of it everywhere would look exceedingly good !
However , those in middle class families or even laid - off workers see those children of the wealthy and powerful go overseas , come back cloaked in glory and all have a good future -LRB- they do n't know that family wealth and good backgrounds of those are the only real guarantees -RRB- .
How wonderful !
Thereupon , they pinch and scrape to send their child overseas ,
It seems that once they are sent overseas , nothing but a wonderful future and unlimited glory will return .
Nowadays , it is more often the case that those who do n't pass the university entrance exam and are wasting their days at home without doing anything are sent overseas .
With a bit of " toughening up " , everything will be okay .
Wrong !
With a huge chunk of cash spent , the frightening thing is that the payoff falls far short of expectations .
Even more frightening is that it holds the child back .
I 've been in France for several years !
What I have experienced myself or , even more , what I have seen are the countless who have given up their studies year by year , those with wrecked health everywhere , those who sold their souls and even those who lost their lives .
Overseas study is a splendid term , but in return it demands youth , effort and staunch perseverance , as well as sufficient rationality .
Life is never a bed of roses in any location , even more in a foreign land where there is a language barrier , different customs and no family or friends .
Most inferior mammals have short life cycles , small heads , simple social behaviors , short gestation periods and large litters of offspring that are underdeveloped at birth .
Most superior mammals , however , have long life cycles , large heads , complicated social behaviors , long gestation periods , and small litters of well developed offspring that already possess a certain level of capability .
Mankind is a perplexing exception .
His life cycle is not the longest but still very long .
He has the largest head , the most complicated social behavior , and the fewest offspring per pregnancy .
But the offspring are underdeveloped when born and they have the longest growth period after being born , actually taking 17 to 18 years .
Elephants are developmentally mature within eleven years of their birth .
Their time spent in the womb actually takes up to twenty - two months .
The gestation period of humans is only a few days longer than that of chimpanzees , but " it is only six months after birth that the human brain reaches the percentage that a chimpanzee reaches at birth . "
" Compared with other primates , we mature and develop at a snail 's pace . "
Compared to the speed of development , the human gestation period is clearly too short .
Biologists estimate that if the human gestation period were proportional to the growth period , the baby would still have to spend another seven months to one year in the womb
Paqueta wants to finish Saad Al - Harthi -LRB- the butcher -RRB- in soccer and educationally .
Night Star
6 x 1 = 6
Paqueta
Away from the club colors and loyalties .. and striving for a explanation and clarification . So far I have not found a convincing explanation for two incidents involving one player , the star Saad Al - Harthi .
The first is the matter of his call up to the national team after he clearly excelled at his club , then being put aside by Mr. Paqueta , outside the formation , even on the benches in the stadium .
He did not play even as a reserve , nor was he unshackled and returned to complete his university studies of which less than two months are left .
Acquiring an education remains the most important , and is the weapon that covers the professional player , especially as Al - Harthi had postponed it more than once , all during his participation in the Saudi national team ...!
So read on with me .
Article Six , clause three of the Professional Regulations stipulates .. that the professional player undertakes to continue his education and raise his cultural level
and what supports the need to look into Al - Harthi 's return is that Mr. Paqueta already has six strikers beside Al - Harthi and all of them took part in the last two games ...!
The second incident is the report raised by al - Masibih to His Highness the President of the Union about Al - Harthi 's diligence and his readiness to represent the homeland , which raises a wider question mark about why this report concerned Al - Harthi alone ?
Has anything happened in the past that would contradict it ?
The answer from all the fans is , of course , no ..!
Or is there someone who ordered that this report be submitted ..?
What are his motives ..?
I know for sure that someone will summarize everything I referred to above place it in the category of preferences .
And then I will not , will not care , as long as I want to transmit a fact that we are in great need of players who are skilled with their brains and their legs .
So liberate the minds of those with skilled legs so that we would enjoy a generation blessed with a civilization of progress and consciousness and awareness
Let us all repeat together with our hearts before our tongues " Long live the Green , long may it live "
From under the door --
His last title that stuck to him and which he retained is " FIFA international expert "
So what will he win from the title " the Legend of the Gulf " apart from proving the saying " not getting tired of titles " after the overwhelming public popularity ?
What a sad media that which reduced the meeting of our national team with Qatar to the confrontation of Al - Shlhoub with Khalfan ..!*
The invisible reason behind Jasim 's decisive victory in getting the " Legend of the Gulf " title is his insistence on thanking the eight media personalities who voted for him !*
A question occurs to me .
How come a player for whom voted 55 % of an awesome number of the public does not get the title , while a player with 45 % is given the title on the basis of no more than eight media personalities voting for him ?
How ?
Since the " one and only " media started criticizing the coach Paqueta heavily .. can we innocently ask here whether this media has become a " middleman " striving for Paqueta 's dismissal and his return to their team ..?
What supports it is the delay in their team contracting a coach ..!
I found the novel -LRB- The Searcher and the Searched For -RRB- clearly in the tyrannical individualism of Al - Shlhoub and al - Qahtani .. and each of them searching for the other ..!
The emblem of the leadership did not suite him -LRB- neither in form mor in content -RRB- *
Paqueta puts his earpiece in his ear and talks on the telephone throughout the match *
This can only have two explanations .
The first is the presence of a technical manager in the stands , -LRB- he was n't there -RRB- ...!
The second is the presence of another person dictating to him while he executes ..!!.
An article copied from the famous writer and the satellite TV voice of Nasr International , Mr. Khaled Al - Shaalan .
This is life as seen by states ....
If it pleased someone for an hour , it made him unhappy for ages .
A Very Ordinary Native Country
Night Star , here is an advice for free : do not try and tire yourself with Khaled Al - Shaalan .
The man suffers from unnatural fanaticism and the problem is that there are those who support him .
If you scrutinized all his articles and his appearance on the channels and his transfer from one channel to another then you would know this man 's disease .
Encouragement is a nice thing .
However fanaticism , the turning of facts on their head , the schadenfreude , the mockery and the lying and innumerable , uncountable issues are present in this sick person ;.
I advised you and it 's your choice .
Saudi shares forum http://www.moltqaa.com .
Citiiiizen --
The Saudi system acts arbitrarily away from the law
Asaad
I did not read the article .
=======
The annual report of the Committee for the Defense of Human Rights in the Arabian Peninsula :
6/01/2007
London - Al - Quds Al - 'Arabi " from Ahmed Al - masri :
In the opinion of the annual report issued by the Committee for the Defense of Human Rights in the Arabian Peninsula what facilitates the the Saudi system 's abuses of human rights is the set of governmental administrative regulations that are not based on justice and equality , and which are a part of the state structure that is far removed from legal accountability , be it to independent international organizations or local civil groups .
This is what makes the system act arbitrarily .
The 2006 report on human rights abuses in the Arabian Peninsula prepared by the committee , criticized the Kingdom 's lack of a constitution regulating the course of the country , stating that the Saudi regime missed a fundamental element on which any political system is based .
This element is the constitution which regulates the course of the country and the rights of the ruler and the ruled at various levels .
Thus far , there is no written constitution for the country .
It added that Saudi laws are not written down and are obscure , and despite the fact that the government 's basic law deals with some of the main legal issues , nevertheless it is not a constitution .
The report also criticized the Kingdom 's legal system , pointing out that the Supreme Judicial Council appoints judges , posts them and dismisses them , and that the Ministry of Justice also holds judges accountable .
It deemed that the judges are not independent and are subject to pressures from senior members of the ruling family and from senior government officials to influence their decisions .
Also , the members of the public and members of the royal family are not actually equal before the judicial system .
In its opinion the government has continued to commit serious violations .
The restrictions imposed on the media and the internet have also continued , as well as the repression of minorities , especially of the Shia and the Ismailis .
The government has continued to ignore the wish of the people for a responsible government which can be held accountable and questioned .
It accused the Kingdom of using the law as a repressive political weapon or tool against the society at a time when the aim of the law is to protect the individual 's human rights from the power of the state .
In its opinion , the Saudi criminal justice system facilitates detainees being exposed to harm during the period they are in custody and under investigation , the reason for this being the lack of judicial supervision .
What makes the abuses increasingly grave is that the main arresting authorities , these being the public security forces , the public investigation forces and the religious police , do not fall under any judicial supervision .
The report stressed that one of the most important loopholes in the basic governing system is its failure to recognize the right to the freedom of expression and belief , and pointed out that the Saudi government does not allow political parties and puts stringent restrictions on the freedom of expression .
It brought to attention the fact that the number of citizens banned from traveling abroad for political reasons has exceeded 14 thousand .
It added that reports estimate an approximate 6 thousand Shiite citizens from the Eastern Region , Medina and Najran are banned from leaving the country .
Passports are being confiscated without a court order and there are many reasons for confiscation - from traveling to Iran to other unknown reasons .
The report indicated that the basic governance system does not recognize the right to peaceful assembly , considering that the Saudi regime puts all kinds of difficulties in the way of the religious , cultural and educational activities of the Shiites in the Kingdom .
The report accused the Saudi regime of banning Shiites from job opportunities in administration of public schools , adding that the government bans teaching any religious books in schools and universities that are not Hanabali and does not present any Shafii , Maliki or Shiite opinions as part of religious instruction .
It does not allow non-Hanabali clerics to teach their doctorines .
It pointed out that the government controls religious education and the public and private schools from basic through to the end of the university stages , where all the religious and history books are in accordance with the interpretation of the official doctorine .
It does not include any views of the other Sunni sects and the Shiites in the textbooks .
--
Riyadh of Nejd
Asaad , why do you specialize in copying everything that is against Saudi Arabia ?
Is this its reward for supporting the Palestinian people ?
Do you want her to rule with positivist law instead of God 's book ?
These people will not be satisfied with us until we follow their denomination .
God have mercy on him whose faults have distracted him from seeing the faults of others .
God grant success to all .
The Rejoicer
I wish that you were more logical , my dear brother ...
You downloaded the subject without reading as you mentioned , just because it is against Saudi Arabia .
I do not declare Saudi Arabia free from wrong - doing ; it has faults like others and we wish they would be eradicated .
But it is not good , my dear brother , if these are your positions , especially as you post good articles about the Palestinian issue and Hamas ...
By doing this and quoting the buzzing of the Rafida and others causes the fair reader to react to the issues that you bring up and the subjects which you raise , and this reflects negatively on the subjects of beloved Palestine and Hamas ..
By doing this you are transmitting an aversion , which you might not feel ; and aversion between all the Saudis and Hamas and Palestine .
The word is integrity .
Asaad
Upon you be peace and the mercy of God .
I download everything I find before me about Saudi Arabia in the Al - Quds Al - Arabi newspaper which is blocked on the Saudi internet , because the overwhelming majority of the readers of the forum are Saudi and they have the right to read .
So far the number of those who read this article has exceeded 1600 people .
You must not get upset about the copying of these articles , because you have the right to read those who praise you and those who curse you .
My position on Saudi Arabia is well - known , I have written praising it for its position towards the Palestinian people and their prime minister a number of times .
Sultan al - Hakr
Asaad : you specialize in defending the Rafida in Lebanon and other places .
Look at the evidence from your article , " as well as the repression of the Shia and the Ismaili minorities , "
" It added that reports estimate an approximate 6 thousand Shiite citizens from the Eastern Region , Medina and Najran are banned from leaving the country .
Passports are being confiscated without a court order and there are many reasons for confiscation - from traveling to Iran to other unknown reasons . "
" The report indicated that the basic governance system does not recognize the right to peaceful assembly , considering that the Saudi regime puts all kinds of difficulties in the way of the religious , cultural and educational activities of the Shiites in the Kingdom . "
This is also one of your articles which you copied to defame those you call Wahabis
http://alsaha.fares.net/sahat?128@91.sd1NcTEBAaa.32@.3ba99db5 .
Asaad : The Shia must submit to the constitution of the state in which they live and our constitution is Islam .
To write to me : http://sultan5.arabform.com
The one taking refuge in God
I have been following your writings for a while , Asaad ..
And whenever I wanted to write a reply , I change my mind ..
I want to know why most of your contributions are about Saudi Arabia only ?
As regards what you said about the reason for your copying of this news in your reply no. 3. Saudis and others can access this newspaper .. this is not a main and convincing reason .
I thank my brother , the Rejoicer , for his reply , he wrote what was on my mind .
-LRB- Fear God wherever you may be -RRB- .
It is very easy for us to use Islam , but it is very difficult for us to serve Islam .
alebda@msn.com
Yaser 1
" I download everything I find before me about Saudi Arabia in the Al - Quds Al - Arabi newspaper which is blocked on the Saudi internet , because the overwhelming majority of the readers of the forum are Saudi and they have the right to read . "
So according to you , you have opened us a window for fresh air ?
Brother Asaad , Atwan 's newspaper is contaminated so be careful against continually passing on the anthrax disease , The jar wo n't survive each drop . Even if you were its correspondent and distributor , and of the articles of the mercenary Ahmed Al - Masri specifically .
It is also a nest of the haters from amongst the collaborators and the Khwarij who are being directed by hostile parties who do not want anything good for this country and its people .
We continually ask : what does London , the instigator of the Balfour Declaration , benefit from hosting to Atwan ?
What are his supernatural abilities that enable him to spend on his wretched newspaper , the circulation of which does not cover the cost of the ink !? Together with the costs of his accommodation , insurance , children and car .
It would be nice if you supplied us with a fiery article by Atwan against Tony Blair 's statements on Iraq , which say that the war there is a sectarian war .
Man .. the likes of him who live in a country that gave away his homeland to the Jews ; this is the lowest degree of expressing loathing .
Our Lord ! Give us mercy from Thy presence , and shape for us right conduct in our plight ..
Hissa al - Aoun says today what men have not said in an article , and there is nothing more important than it in Saudi Arabia .
Natiq Khayr
Hissa Abd al - Rahman al - Aoun
Accountability of ministries or accountability of companies ?
Hissa Abd al - Rahman al - Aoun
From time to time , lots of conferences take place calling for accountability of companies .
The target of this accountability is joint - stock companies including real estate companies , industrial companies , and others , many of which took the last dime in the pockets of people who yearned for wealth and wanted to expel the ghost of poverty from their lives .
They are many .
We find an excuse for some of them .
It has been said that necessity is the mother of invention .
But I say necessity is the mother of carelessness .
Of course , I find no excuse for these companies .
I will mention some of them which formulated all their studies in a way to enable them to milk money out of small investors and the poor and widows and orphans through advisory offices which master with perfection feasibility studies with negative action .
This is what leads us to be sure that everything has negative aspects just as it has positive aspects , like medicines which cure a disease but while doing so cause another disease , and similar repercussions which sometimes lead to destruction .
-LRB- anyway . -RRB-
But why not make conferences also similar to those first by targeting -LRB- government ministries -RRB- in particular .
The state , may God protect it , and at its head our wise leadership which has spared no effort to serve the Saudi in all aspects of his life , the last being this year 's budget which , thank God and his beneficence , surpassed all our expectations .
This is the eagerness of the father of all , the good king , to make us happy .
Before , it was last year 's budget which was also a happy surprise .
And before that , dozens of annual budgets which were prepared for the development of the country and the citizen .
Consequently , we do not see this budget spent as we would like and look forward to , but rather as recommended by the leadership in how to spend it .
Back to this year 's budget , which surpassed all bets , and was appropriate for a country like ours .
This is what leads me to demand monitoring of these ministries whose safes have suffered indigestion from the budgets that end all the lean years and halt all the series of excuses which we hear from some that all the required development projects , which in turn will make the country and the citizen happy , lacked liquidity , and other excuses , such as the public debt and other acceptable and unacceptable excuses .
This year there is no excuse for anyone , especially Abu Matab -LRB- may God protect him -RRB- , who was harsh with the ministers and demanded work and accomplishment from them after offering to each minister what he needed .
Because we are still in the first months , it became a duty to monitor this ministry by many authorities , not only the Surveillance Authority .
Rather , this budget requires the creation of a ministry concerned with monitoring and surveillance , and consequently holding accountable .
Let its creation happen with the new cabinet formation in particular , so it enjoys a commitment of transparency and accountability .
How nice it would be if the strategy of this surveillance authority were centered around the following question : where will this be spent after programming the spending mechanisms and reviewing plans and programs and projects for which this major budget was allocated ?
And how nice it would be if its disbursement were scheduled according to the duration of projects and the method of their implementation provided that at the end of each year it presents an estimated budget for the coming year along with a review of what was spent from the previous budget , which of course will not be spent all in one year , because some major projects can not be completed in one year and need several years so we can see it in the land of reality .
Through this mechanism no ministry will be allowed to ask annually for an increase in its budget if it does n't submit a report showing where and how of the money was spent .
If the projects are not completed during the year , then let the current budget , or the remaining part of it , be carried forward , until these projects for which this large budget was allocated are completed .
And let some of the tasks of this ministry which we hope will be established be monitoring all this and taking severely to task any ministry that hoards one budget after another while releasing a lot of news about which we do not see any reality on the ground , as our wise government and our citizens wanted .
We are all -LRB- in concern a country -RRB- , and despite differences in our inclinations and desires , we all love and are concerned about this homeland .
The Saudi family under the leadership of our wise government has every right to monitor , hold to account , and control the implementation of projects .
National responsibility demands that we workers in the three types of mass media -- watched , listened to , and read -- demand that the leadership have a suitable entourage , and they follow up all cases of deficiency and dereliction and forcefully point them out so that the negligent people will not be negligent and the sloppy people will not be sloppy .
In that way we will monitor all the groundbreaking achievements which these ministries also make , and shed light on them while presenting positive media support .
With such monitoring and care , we serve the country and its treasures , first among which is the Saudi people .
Through this , we serve the interests of the country and its government , which this year released the largest budget in more than 30 years ,
This is clear evidence that our not being drained financially and not suffering human losses in various wars has provided our country with a budget like this one which will be spent on the redevelopment of the country and its sons in all aspects of life .
Although the masters -- the residents of the White House -- monitored our budget and had hopes for it -- the evidence for that is Rice 's visit , who stopped in the Middle East after a recommendation by Tom Lantos , Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee in the U. S. House of Representatives , who set up an accountability session for her and the Republican team working with her to discuss Bush 's new crumbling strategy -LRB- which they called " escalating " -RRB- , in which a lot of America 's money and children will be spent .
Tom asked Rice , " Why do , the countries of the Arabian Gulf pay ? " .
He did not forget to have Egypt also offer its sons as an alternative to the American soldiers , claiming that what is happening in Iraq is a civil war , and if this civil war continues , the first ones to be harmed will be the countries of the Arabian Gulf .
Their arrogance is amazing .
Are they not pleased that our economic condition has recovered and God has favored us with this abundant good ?
We will witness the mechanisms of bargaining after the arrival of the well - regarded Rice who certainly visited the occupying entity and arranged a new game with it called the establishment of a new Palestinian state to entice us to support it materially and morally .
It is worth mentioning that in his speech Bush criticized the government of al - Maliki .
He was followed by Rice with the same tone and language during her last meeting with her colleague the Zionist foreign minister where she criticized al - Maliki , who is expected to be relieved of his post as another step to entice the Iraq 's neighboring countries , specifically those who crave its budget surplus to spend it on their mistakes and adventures in power .
They are , unfortunately , steps which find those who follow them , monitor them , scrutinize them , and document them in this article .
Let us return once more to the accountability of ministries .
By this means , we can hold companies accountable because we can not ask any particular ministry to monitor , hold to account , and make answerable the public and private companies .
The ministry has nothing to do with prosecution .
If the condition of ministries is good , the condition of the companies that follow it will be good .
This confirms that partnership between the public and private sectors which we are always demanding will not come into being unless we hold everyone accountable and all parties agree to serve the country with the instructions of the noble Book and the honored Sunna of the Prophet .
In conclusion : It is now time to sit together at the table of the country .
The heart of the country is wider than all the places in the universe .
munakafa@yahoo.com
http://www.alyaum.com/issue/page.php?IN=12271&P=4
I pray to God to be like my name always .
abusilm@maktoob.com
Nassim al - Ward
Yes , with true citizenship , but I wish she would organize her thoughts .
The budget issue is not as I understood from the case of carrying forward , but I was amazed at her mockery of the black hag .
He writes with al - Muarraf , a group of respectful persons -LRB- may Allah reward them -RRB- .
salh1
May your right hand never be paralyzed , Nurah .
The soundness of the creed is the address of happiness .
Al - Hawi
No seminars are held calling for the accountability of the ministries because they are simply answerable originally .
Their violation of the principles of accountability which are part of the nature of governmental work is nothing but a deviation from the normal course , and a deformation of the position it should be in .
In truth some business organizations have surpassed their abilities to create an established answerable business environment enjoying candor , transparency , and accountability surpassing the governmental organizations ...
I ask forgiveness from Almighty God
Natiq Khayr
Nassim al - Ward
Thank you for passing by .
Hissa al - Aoun is a distinguished writer and speaker .
In following what she writes and says , I have noticed she has a lofty goal which she is working on .
That 's why her thoughts and writings are organized .
I pray to God to be like my name always .
abusilm@maktoob.com
Today on the Mesopotamia channel they brought the photo of Saddam in the coffin before burial The coast of Jeddah
The photo of Saddam minutes before the burial was clear .
It was as we know him , except that his face was whiter than it was during the trial ...
The person who lifted the cover off his face kissed him -LRB- may God have mercy on him -RRB- .
My regards .
No matter how much we may disagree civility remains between us .
Peppermint
May God have mercy on him ..
Thank you , brother .
The Coast of Jeddah .
The Shiites are the people of the House ..
Yes , but it is the -LRB- White -RRB- House ..
May every Bairam come and your scandals be abundant , if God wills .
n33na33@hotmail.com .
I am the Arab
I hope one of the members can bring us this photo .
-----------
A free pen
ana_free11@hotmail.com
Concern destroys the stout with wasting away *** and it makes white the forelock of the lad and makes him decrepit .
-LRB- In this user he writes I am the Arab , free pen , and other men and women -RRB-
ana_alaraby@hotmail.com .
Al - Wabal
His affair is with God who is the wisest of judges .
Are we responsible for whether Saddam is among the people of Heaven or Hell ??
Why are we not preoccupied with ourselves and present for them before death befalls us and we are unaware of what awaits us afterwards !!?
What should be mentioned are the good deeds of our deceased Muslims only .
We should not utter the profession of faith for anyone who we felt friendly towards or who we sympathized with .
Let us not forget the uncle of the Prophet -LRB- may God bless him and grant him salvation -RRB- , Abu Talib , and his death in unbelief .
The Prophet eagerly desired that his final deed would be to say " there is no God but Allah , " but Almighty God guides whoever He wishes .
Oh God , we ask you for a good end .
Death suffices for a preacher .
Jawa
God is glorious .
Emotion is still the thing that moves us away from the facts of the religion by necessity ..
We are not saying that Saddam is among the martyrs who are worthy of honors .. and we are not saying that he has not been pardoned ..
Who is it that makes oaths about God !
But the man has attained what he reached ..
It is nonsense to occupy this place by narrating honors and projecting heroism for a mere emotional situation imposed by the circumstances of his execution .
It is bigger and more serious than this ..
I do not belittle the circumstances and the meaning of the event , and I do not forbid you or myself from discussing it ..
But : we have to seek the ruling of the requirements of faith and refer things to God and His Prophet in every incident and situation so our positions are as well - established as our established facts ..
May God bless you .
God suffices for us and He is the best one to trust .
The coast of Jeddah
No matter how much we may disagree civility remains between us .
The coast of Jeddah
Where is the emotion , brother Wabil ?
And you , Jawa ?
You are bringing this speech from where ?
Who said that he is among the people of Heaven or among the people of Hell ?
Really , just eloquence , and join the people , blonde .
My Regards .
No matter how much we may disagree civility remains between us .
Car Club in al - Jazirah Newspaper and Women Driving
Expatriate Away From Home
Praise be to God ! Blessing and Peace to the Messenger of God !
The talk about the driving of cars by women took up a space greater than its size .
Some may imagine that it is an issue of bets and the challenge existing between two known currents in our country .
Since the beginning of the month of Dhu al - Qada 1427 A. H. the newspaper Al - Jazirah has issued a weekly supplement every Wednesday called " the Car Club . "
Each issue includes an interview with a young athlete , actor or singer , who talks about his personal relationship with the car .
Each interview ends with a final question : " What is your opinion about women driving cars ? "
In fact , I was not expecting those answers from those people who are not exactly - in my opinion - classified as intellectuals or people holding ideologies , but rather are common people .
I was not expecting those answers in spite of the intensive pressure and the attack launched by our local press , which has a bias for the liberal current , in an attempt to endorse women driving .
I believe it is not love and concern for women as much as this decision is the dream to pave the way for other horizons and projects to liberate women and walk on the path of westernization .
Our attempt , as conservatives , to stand up against issues such as these must not be satisfied with only the fatwas of important scholars , but we must employ other means .
I liked one cartoonist who depicted the situation of a woman in her car while one of the tires failed , and how a young man came to rescue her .
Above his head hearts of love and infatuation were drawn .
This cartoonist supported the issue with his brush and depicted how danger lurks if it is endorsed .
Now we are in need of such ideas more than we need rhetorical speeches that people are fed up with .
Since I think that publishing the statements made by athletes , actors , and singers is one way to help us to serve this cause , and since these interviews came through the newspaper Al - Jazirah , I think that if they had been published by the newspaper Al - Watan or Al - Riyadh they would have stopped this question from being asked to the guest because they are known for their banning of the other and they do not know neutrality when exposing and they do not like these answers . As it happened with the newspaper Al - Riyadh when it halted and concealed the poll on women driving as it saw the overwhelming victory of those opposed .
I leave you with the answers of the Car Club magazine guests to see that there is not one person who explicitly agreed without mentioning the legal regulations .
Yasir al - Qahtani , a player on the al - Hilal team , on 1/11/1427 A. H. , the first issue .
What is your opinion about women driving cars ?
I am for and against women driving cars .
I am for them driving in accordance with the regulations , that is by being over 40 years of age , being unable to afford a driver , and not having a guardian .
But if driving were without regulations , then I think it would be better if women did not drive a car .
http://www.al-jazirah.com.sa/cars/22112006/roods42.htm
Saad al - Harithi , a player on the Al - Nasr team , on 8/11/1427 A. H. , the second issue .
What is your opinion about women driving cars ?
Women driving cars is not an easy thing for us to simply accept .
There are legal and social regulations which must be taken into consideration and into account .
http://www.al-jazirah.com.sa/cars/29112006/rood55.htm
Fayiz al - Maliki , the well - known actor , 15/11/1427 A. H. , the third issue .
What is your opinion about women driving cars ?
I ca n't imagine my grandmother driving a Wanit car in al - Nasiriyah .
http://www.al-jazirah.com.sa/cars/06122006/rood2.htm
Muhammad al - Shalhoub al - Hilal , player on the al - Hilal team , 22/11/1427 A. H. , the fourth issue .
What is your opinion about women driving cars ?
I do not prefer that .
http://www.al-jazirah.com.sa/cars/13122006/rood43.htm
Singer Ibrahim Hikmi , 29/11/1427 A. H. , the fifth issue .
What is your opinion about women driving cars ?
Officials have an opinion about that .
http://www.al-jazirah.com.sa/cars/20122006/rood43.htm
Actor Habib al - Habib , 21/12/1427 A. H. , the sixth issue .
What is your opinion about women driving cars ?
God does not say it .
http://www.al-jazirah.com.sa/cars/10012007/rood57.htm
Player on the al - Shabab team , Badr al - Haqbani 29/12/1427 A. H. , the seventh issue .
What is your opinion about women driving cars ?
I am against women driving cars .
http://www.al-jazirah.com.sa/cars/17012007/rood40.htm
Player on the al - Ittihad team , Manaf Abu Shuqair , 5/1/1428 A. H. , eighth issue .
What is your opinion about women driving cars ?
I reject it for several reasons , legal and social , which do not allow our society to accept women driving cars .
http://www.al-jazirah.com.sa/cars/24012007/rood2.htm
I thank them very much .
Do you thank them as I do ?
Majid bin Muhammad
A well - known method of Khalid al - Malik whom we used to think well of but who has turned out to be no less malicious than his old friend al - Sadiri ..
We do not know when the opinion of athletes and actors began to be taken on issues that no one but important people used to deal with ..
But it is the time of the insignificant Iyad Madani and those with him ..
As for the cars newspaper , it is a newspaper devoted to reviewing some of the dregs of society such as showing off clothes , once when he is getting into the car and again when he is out of it .
Some of them you are not sure whether it is a man or a woman .
Rather , you do not hesitate to describe him as a third sex ..
The liberal project is a feminine project that starts with the women and ends with the women and passes through the women .
The liberal and the hypocrite are two faces of one coin .
For correspondence http://maaajd.arabform.com
Expatriate Away From Home
My noble brother Majid bin Muhammad . You have wronged Khalid al - Malik .
But do n't you agree with me that the opinions of actors and athletes were in agreement with the opinion of the important people only , which shows the falsehood of the liberal group that we have a silent majority .
Here the silent majority of the masses agrees with the opinion of the scholars !
Faisal Al Qassem , Al Jazeera Channel presenter : I did not think Iran was that impetuous ?@@@...
Shanar Bin Amer
I did not think Iran was that impetuous ?
Dr. Faisal Al Qassem How foolish we were in our look to Iran .
Iranian politicians were to many of us an example of rationality , wisdom , wit , discipline , calmness , and , above all , premeditation , deliberation , and a lack of hastiness into impetuous action that is not deliberated , especially as they are the inventers of chess , the game of the smart , the witty , and the strategic planners .
It has been known about the Persian mentality that it is innately patient , as is obvious with the makers of the famous Persian carpets .
They are very patient and enduring .
They wait years and years and do not get bored , so that they may weave , with thread and needle , a wonderful Persian carpet , full of adornments , accurate details , and charming lovely figures , while Arabs tend to get bored fast .
But I do not know where those historic characteristics of chess suddenly evaporated in Iranian policy , when the governing organization in Tehran blessed the deed of its agents in Iraq to execute the deceased Iraqi President , Saddam Hussein , on the first day of the holy Eid Al Adha , mutilating his body , swearing and calling him names with profanity while he was on the gallows rope , when Saddam himself had ordered the Iraqi media after the death of Khomeini , to use the phrase " May god have mercy on him . "
Admirers of Iranian wisdom did not believe this fatal lapse of Iranian politicians and their followers .
Some might forgive Iran for its yearning to see Saddam Hussein hanged , as a type of retaliation and revenge , especially as it had fought him for eight long years , in which it suffered hundreds of thousands of souls and extreme losses .
But no doubt , since it is strengthening its grip on Al Hakeem , Al Maliki , Al Sadr , and Al Jaafari , who are holding the neck of an injured Iraq , it could have picked another more wise and less damaging time , for itself and for Muslims in general , to retaliate against its old rival , rather than committing a terrible deed that Arabs , and even all Sunnis , would not forgive it for tens of years , hanging him on what is a holy day for the utmost majority of Muslims .
I do not know how Iran fell in that dangerous trap , even if it were an evil American one , as it is known about Iranians that they are smarter than to fall into American traps , no matter how cleverly and wittingly they are set .
But they fell this time , a terrible fall .
If I were in the place of the wise ones of Iran , I would hang the Iranian politicians who blessed the execution of President Saddam Hussein on the day of the holy Eid Al Adha .
And I hope no one is overnice and says the execution was totally an Iraqi internal affair , because this blatant joke can not even be passed on school students or the mentally retarded .
We all know that Iran can just hint to Abd Al Aziz Al Hakim , who wanted to compensate it with a hundred billion dollars from the aliment of the Iraqi people for its war with Iraq , or to the fascist militia leaders like the Sadr militia , which implemented the execution judgment with the recognition of the Iraqi government , to postpone the hanging , especially as the Americans had confirmed that they were against the execution on the holy day .
We did not hear an Iranian denial of the American announcements about the execution .
Even if the American ambassador in Iraq is a liar and wants to create division between the Shiites and the Sunnis that would have terrible repercussions , the Iranians could have prevented the implementation of the judgment on the first day of Eid Al Adha , in order to avoid the dangerous repercussions for which they will pay the price for tens of years , and in order to pull the carpet from beneath some of the Arab regimes which they now accuse of provocation against the Shiites .
How strange the situation of the Iranians really is .
On one hand , they barbarically offend the feelings of more than eighty - five percent of the world 's Muslims , the Sunnis , and on the other hand , they accuse some Islamic countries of sectarian provocation against Iran , as the Iranians and their allies in the region complain that there are obvious attempts to wedge and create division between the Shiites and the Sunnis on the part of America , Israel , and some Arabs .
This might be totally true ,
but if Iran does not really want to inflame grudges between the Shiites and the Sunnis and seeks to unite the Islamic front and prevent its penetration on the part of the Zionists and Americans , as it claims , why did it give the green light to its agents and militias in Iraq to execute Saddam Hussein on Eid Al Adha and provide justifications on a golden plate for those who want to break down Muslims on a sectarian basis ?
The story of Iran is similar to the story of the one who beat me and cried , and preceded me and complained .
Do the Iranians have the right to complain about Sunni provocation against them , if they are the ones who started it ?
Is n't the one who starts it more unjust ?
Has n't the provocation against Iran become justified after the shameful Adha deed ?
Saddam might be to the Iranians the devil himself , but do they know that they turned him , in the eyes of Arabs and Sunnis , into a virtuous saint ?
Even some Kuwaitis forgave him and had sympathy for him .
Everyone forgave Saddam for all his faults , thanks to Iranian " wisdom . "
If the betrayed Iraqi President knew how he had become in the eyes of the Islamic world after his execution , he might have weighed for the Iranians and their agents in Iraq tons of praise and commendation for the great favor they did for him , of which he had never dreamed .
It reached the level that even his old objectors compared the execution of Saddam Hussein to the assassination of our master , Omar Ibn Al Khattab , at the hands of Abi Luluah Al Majusi .
No , many even declared that his grave will become a holy shrine .
If Saddam was left for ten more years , the man might have died naturally without any ado .
But now that Iran and its agents have executed him in this horrible way , he has entered history by its widest doors , after he had exited history years ago .
This was thanks to the " terrible " Persian " wisdom . "
Saddam Hussein was one with the utmost hatred and enmity to the Persians .
Maybe he used to pray a lot against them , and God accepted his prayers and inspired them to conspire in his execution on the Muslims ' big feast so Eid Al Adha would remain connected to his name for decades and decades .
I do not know how the Iranians measured it , and I do not know why they sacrificed their tremendous popularity in the Arab street in return for satisfying a cheap and impetuous desire for revenge .
A few months ago , Iran was a symbol of resistance , jihad , dignity , and challenge , thanks to its support of Arab resistance movements like Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Palestine , while the popularity of the Arab regimes was hitting rock bottom .
The Iranians had the right to be proud of the glorious victory Hezbollah achieved over Israel .
But now , this victory has totally evaporated in the Arab street , thanks to the stupidity of those who ordered the execution of Saddam Hussein and the dance over his body .
No , the public support for Hezbollah has even turned into a tremendous indignation from Iran and its allies in the Arab region .
I heard a lot of people connecting the Persian enemy and the Zionist enemy , while Iran , until months ago , was the striker in confronting the Zionist and American project in the region .
Iran caused great embarrassment for everyone who has supported its positions in the past .
I have heard from a lot of people who used to defend Iran in the Arab street , and they have totally turned against it and started to call it " dirty Persian " with a lot of loathing and hatred .
In recent months , Hezbollah 's performance in the war with Israel , with Iranian President Ahmadinejad 's announcements , speeches , challenge of the American administration , and his insistence on finishing the process of enriching uranium , used to resurrect pride and dignity in the souls of millions of Arabs and Muslims .
But the scene of Saddam 's execution turned the tables upside down on Iran for a time that might last for long ; let alone the horrible offense to Hezbollah , which lost a big portion of the street .
The proof is that its biggest supporters in Jordan , for example , boycotted the Manar Channel , which used to have great popularity in the Arab street .
The Iranians , with their spirit of revenge , have destroyed the most famous Arab resistance movement , after it was filling the world and occupying the minds of humans .
They even turned the people against it .
No matter how the answers vary , as Mohamed Abu Roman debates , what is obvious is that the image of Saddam Hussein 's execution would cost Iran a lot in the next stage .
It will make its credibility very weak , and it will also harm the image of its ally powers in various countries .
In addition , it revealed that the " Persian - national " spirit that tinctures Iran 's foreign policy and its various positions , far from the claims of enmity to America and Israel , are only used to serve Iran 's interests .
Beyond that , the image of executing Saddam and the repercussions it created cause a large embarrassment for Iran 's allies in the region , like Hamas , Al Jihad , Syria , and many Islamic factions , as well as the political and public powers - in the Arab countries - which stood with Hezbollah and were calling for their governments to " change " their alliances to stand with Iran instead of the United States and Israel .
These powers face a state of strong embarrassment , similar to the embarrassment of the Arab regimes friendly with the United States from its policies in the region .
Those who wanted to quench their thirst for revenge by hanging Saddam Hussein on the first of the Adha holy days are like the libidinous fool who satisfied his cheap lust without knowing that he had caught a dangerous disease afterward .
What did they win ?
Bullying , from Cairo to Riyadh ... facts and observations .
Al Khareq .
As an introduction to the topic , I will recount these two incidents for you :
1- In Al Sewedi district in Riyadh city , I stood in front of one of the mosques ,
and I saw one of the Arab residents in a moment of astonishment while a car was leaving the place at a high speed .
When I asked him what had happened , he stated that three young men had stolen his cell phone and wallet .
I left the place to catch them , and get their license plate numbers .
They had to stop at one of the traffic signs , which gets crowded , and they did not notice that I was behind them .
I informed Operations of the incident , that they were in front of me at the time , and that there was a security patrol I had seen on the other side of the traffic sign .
But I was shocked when Operations told me , " Do not bother with them .
Go to the police department and report it . "
Oh people , the thieves are in front of me ; inform the patrols about them .
They told me , " It is none of your business . "
I told them , " I will not go to the police department .
This is their car number ; if you want them , chase them .
The car might be stolen . "
And I hung up out of oppression ...
2- On the eastern ring road , three young men in a Lexus car caught my attention .
They were noticeably tense and confused .
On the same road , there was a search point .
I informed Operations , and I gave them the car number .
They said there was no report on the car .
I told them , " Inform the search point to check them . "
He said to me , " You want to teach us our job ? "
And they hung up .
After about an hour , Operations called me , and they said , " Brother , do you know where the car went , right or left ?
It turned out to be stolen . "
I laughed the laugh of the oppressed , and I said oh , oh , nation .
-------------------
This is a small part of what is happening now in Saudi Arabia , in general , and what is happening in Riyadh , in particular .
It reminds me of what used to happen in the city of Cairo .
The bullying , depredation , and theft .
But it is notable that the Egyptians strongly and very quickly eliminated this practice , and our Egyptian brothers treated the causes , the most important of which is strengthening the security agency and enforcing police members in the districts and street .
At the same time , they know that the continuation of such actions affect the reputation of the country , in case they continue ; they would eliminate trust in the internal security of the country .
Now , unfortunately , the bullying which was in Cairo moved to Riyadh , the capital , which has recently witnessed robberies , kidnappings , beatings .... etc.
And we are still only watching what is happening now ; the citizen still faces many problems and robberies .
The thief had some shyness before and fear of the security forces , but now , there is no fear .
They are not ashamed ; one of them steals in front of everyone and in the morning , even from a policeman , and this happened in fact .
The citizen now , these things which happen now have become normal to him .
He is used to them , because of the negligence of security members and their indifference to what is happening now , their lack of consideration for the complaints of people and their reports , and the insistence of security patrols that it is essential to go to the police departments to report any security violations , though most reports need quick and instant action .
And because of the complications happening now , the chaos about which we hear and see has prevailed .
Unfortunately , these things were weak in the beginning , but they have grown now and reached the level they reached because of security weakness and indecisiveness toward such issues , which have become a daily reality before our eyes .
They happen in our streets , homes , and cars .
If these shameful practices which are happening in our country are not treated decisively , we should expect bigger than them .
The citizen would be forced to own a weapon to protect himself , at the time when the security agencies failed to protect him ...
I am talking here about what is happening in my surroundings and the surroundings of those close to me .
I saw what is happening with my own eyes , so what do you think of a big city like the city of Riyadh ?
You hardly enter a gathering or house without hearing horrible stories and tales , and the fear , the fear , is for Riyadh to become an example for criminality like the American city of Chicago ...
So pay attention to your cell phone , wallets , houses , and cars , because the situation has become unbearable .
Some time ago , my car was stolen , and I reported it .
The officer said , " May God not offend you , but search for it with us . "
The funny thing is that I found it myself after only two days .
..
As for what is happening in the police departments , we find officers trying to reach reconciliations by all means , because they do not want to tire themselves with an investigation .
The one who commits assault and the victim are equal to him ; if the victim refuses reconciliation , he starts to procrastinate and draw the issue out .
As for the prosecution panel and the general investigation , they protect the gangs and individual criminals , per the system , as they release them from jail on bail without spending a night in it .
The utmost crisis is that the police departments know the locations of criminal gangs .
They know where robberies take place , but indifference spreads in their bodies .
In a short period , no more than a month , several of my relatives and friends were robbed .
One can measure based on that what is happening in the city of Riyadh ...
1- stealing a cell phone in the Quds district ,
2- stealing a cell phone in the Mecca Markets ,
3- stealing a cell phone in Al Roda ,
4- stealing a cell phone on the Hijaz road ,
5- robbing one of our employees in the Markab district ,
6- assault on a military officer , in his uniform , and taking his cell phone in the Markab district ,
7- robbing the house of laborers we know and assaulting them ,
8- assaulting a driver and stealing the car ,
9- assaulting a store owner that I know in Mecca Market , and stealing the money he had ,
10- stealing the tires of one of the neighbors ,
11- robbing his driver 's room .
The situation has become unbearable ...
We are pleading for the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques and His Highness the Minister of the Interior , God protect them , to quickly intervene , to order the increase of the number of security members and security patrols , and to eliminate those practices that give a bad image to our country .
ama455@hotmail.com
Al Wahbi Abu Weshikar
The Ministry of Interior is sick and suffers mismanagement , with its corrupt and uneducated personnel , from top to bottom , in all its sectors .
He who has not , gives not .
The defect is in the officials in the sectors of the Interior , and then its failure in all cities and all sectors is the crisis .
All sectors suffer from a shortage of equipment and supplies , especially the police .
Unemployment is widespread in the society .
Why do n't they hire those young men to fill the shortage , especially when the King of the Ministry of the Interior , I mean , the Minister of the Interior , is the one who has been taking on the unemployment issue ?
Why does n't he hire and fill the shortage in his ministry ?
And why is n't the ministry financially supported ?
Imagine , until now , the police still use handwritten correspondence , written in the handwriting of preliminary and primary school graduates by its employees , let alone the low morale of the members , which reflects on their performance .
The citizen in my country will remain without value , inside and outside , unless he has a say in the hiring of officials and a role in holding them accountable .
Sami Al Jaber .
If public punishments are not applied , the situation will remain the same , and the rest will not be deterred .
- Yes , many are arrested , but where is the punishment ?
-LRB- He who feels secure from punishment misbehaves -RRB- .
Al Kharek
This is a case in which execution was applied among several cases in the Kingdom !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why was execution not applied in similar cases ?
And why did the judges stop at imprisonment for a few years and beating for several rape cases in previous incidents ?
Riyadh - Saudi News Agency :
A capital punishment was carried out yesterday on a criminal in Barida city , for committing adultery in a number of incidents .
The following is the text of the Ministry of the Interior statement in this regard .
God Almighty said : -LRB- The punishment of those who wage war against God and His Messenger , and strive with might and main for mischief through the land is execution , or crucifixion , or the cutting off of hands and feet from opposite sides , or exile from the land .
That is their disgrace in this world ; a heavy punishment is theirs in the Hereafter . -RRB-
Ali Bin Mohamed Bin Hilan Al Harbi lured a number of underage children and raped them by force and against their will .
Thanks to God , the security authorities arrested the mentioned criminal .
Investigation with him led to accusations against him of the commission of his crime .
By referring him to the Public Tribunal , a judicial charter was issued convicting him of the act , and he was sentenced to be killed as a punishment .
The verdict was certified by the Court of Cassation and the permanent panel of the Supreme Judicial Council .
A supreme order was issued to implement the judicial decision against the criminal mentioned .
The death verdict was implemented against the criminal , Ali Bin Mohamed Bin Hilan Al Harbi , yesterday , Wednesday , 12/27/1427 A. H. in the city of Barida in the Qussaim district .
By announcing this , the Ministry of the Interior is confirming the devotion of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques ' government , God protect him , to providing security , achieving justice , and implementing the principles of God against anyone who assaults the secure ones in their selves , honor , or money .
At the same time , it is a warning to anyone who considers doing this that judicial punishment will be his destiny .
God is the leader to the good path .
ama455@hotmail.com
Al Kharek
My brother , Al Kharek , peace , mercy , and the blessings of God be upon you 00 .
You opened a subject on robberies , so we wanted to share in the devotion to God Almighty 0 .
The strangest thing I read was your comment number five -LRB- 5 -RRB- , quoted from the newspaper . 00
In it , the writer mentions that the nation has advanced criminal equipment and trained cadres . 00
Fine , what is missing that led to the increase of all kinds of crime ?
If the reason is known , the result is clear . 0
The problem is not in the unavailability of Islamic legislative evidence upon which Islamic justice is based ; but rather in a reality in which you live and in which justice is excluded .
The judge 00 is not qualified for the judiciary and is not independent .
This is what deprives the judge of his legitimacy in judging , 0 as he follows the dictations of the prosecutor and others .
The judge receives bribes , recommendations , facilitations , and other things , which do not serve the judiciary , but show it is not independent and impartial . 00
This judiciary has remained like this for a long time .
The accused has been a victim between rivals , until , recently , outside pressure came to support the accused , which has enabled the lawyer .
The lawyer is qualified for positive constitutions that contradict Islamic legislation .
This caused the lawyer to use this golden opportunity to release the accused for large amounts of money , estimated at several million in the large criminal cases , which increased the drift of justice . 0
Some judges even quit the judicial profession and turned to legal practice , as he would be a master in the field , since he knows the skills of judges . 00
And we entered the market of crime from there . 0
As for crimes , they are many .
The biggest criminals are known from their looks .
Among them are the organized road robbers , the share robbers , the land and property robbers .
Even dead robbers have appeared , who steal dead bodies .
It is weird .
Thieves are immune to justice .
They even are the justice in our stinky time . 0
As for the agencies , they are developing , and I expect a day will come when the guard will be a thief and and and 00
By using a rational mind and transparent logic , young men who are unemployed , lost , and lazy , raised on the channels that feed and develop them for free , and have a masters degree from the international university of the lost , need a daily allowance of 50 - 70 to dress , eat , and travel around with a limousine , 10 per trip .
A southern guy gets lost in Riyadh .
They collect a thousand for him and tell him go look for a job ; 550 went to tickets , and fifty for the trip from the airport to Batha to rent a room in which to sleep , 100 .
He wakes up , buys application files , and photocopies his identification .
He spreads them everywhere possible until they are hanging from the bridges .
His daily expenses are 50 , with food and beverages , say 100 .
He returns to the hotel to lie down , his face exhausted from the heat , the fatigue , the insults , the name calling , the expulsions , and the humiliation .
Then , he wakes up on his second day and lingers around his acquaintances , knowing that they despise him for his position , and they say , " We swear to God so - and - so has left , and you can do nothing but return to your home and come back next summer when the institutes open , " and and %pw and go .
I went back to the hotel , and he said give me a hundred .
I told him I do not have enough money to return .
I am broke , and I have nothing but my identification .
Take it as a guarantee .
I went back home as an unknown with a copy of the identification ; I spent a week on the road to pass , and all who saw me empty - pocketed said stop in your place .
And we returned after a week , having eaten the remaining pickings in restaurants until the Indians sent us away . 0
This is about the job . 00
As for the land , you either wait for 25 years if you are lucky and feed the belly of the Land Department Director with a sheep , honey , or something he considers good , in order to get it after twenty - five years of feeding him . 0
Or else you go to a planner who tells you that the selling starts on such - and - such date , and the price of a place , twenty by twenty , is 250000 .
If you do not have it , pay 5000 as a down payment and pay the rest in installments of 3000 every month , with a total value , calculated by a Sudanese man , and who knows about his math , of 450000 , for the heirs to pay .
And if you are an installment late , you have no right to anything .
I said , fine , let me see the land , so we went .
We found the land close to the relatives , and it was stolen from the group . 000
Then , our unemployed brother faced a look of inferiority from those around him .
He feels inferior and wanders around .
He meets a companion from the same path and the same suffering .
Here starts the thinking and the change of his compass .
When he sees the luxuries around him , he will move and think .
The door is open , the experiences are available , and the elimination of humiliation and takedown is available .
So he starts with a small theft , then a big one , then a variety . 000
If you look , who are actually Saudis ?
They are foreigners and Bangladeshis , in particular , who are assigned in their residency to their fathers , the big officials of the nation , in his mother 's name and his father 's name , and they were released in the market like a shark .
They took everything .
A Royal Decree was issued , called -LRB- the Reverse Decree -RRB- , which prohibits foreigners from working in vegetable sales .
The young people were happy .
They went to the market , and there he was the Bangladeshi controller .
There they were , like for the petroleum .
The Bangladeshi does not accept less than ten thousand a month . 00
We are in a night , Kharek , that has no morning .
Orders are neglected , the phoenix is burnt , misery prevails , and no one is responsible for anyone .
0 .
Our unemployed brother is the small criminal , the lured one .
He is like the old saying would indicate , -LRB- If you have a penny , you are worth a penny ; if you do not have a penny , 00000 You know the rest . -RRB- 00
This is reality , my dear Al Kharek .
I wish there was independent Islamic legislation in which no one interferes .
And I wish there were an impartial independent general prosecutor to represent national , intellectual , and Islamic security .
If this is achieved , security , prosperity , and freedom would be achieved , and the age of oppression would end .
Calls to prayer and no one hears you , so you wo n't upset your God , even if your back was beaten , and your money was taken .
00000
If nothing changes and we sleep and wake up on the Qassebi and Turki Al Ahmad roads ,
and the corrupt gangs like them to whom the mission of Islam was handed 0.
0000
I swear to God , I get astonished , I thank God , and I say , thank You God , that there are still traits and values to praise . 00
And if you say something , say peaceful things , they are good , though their mentalities are unique and their wills are strong . 0
We are a people most intimidated should a missile or heavy 5 - ton bombs fall near us .
Around it , we shall sink into the ground for a year , and then we come out worried .
Do not count on us as weapons , when we are cowards who learned in the schools of Al Walid Ibn Talal , Ibn Ibrahim , and full cream , Saleh .
This is our university , so do not blame us and do not count on us . 0
The weapon is a cartoon , and the aggression is at the door . 000
Would you explain to us our reality , that we live in this world , and who represents us inside and outside ? 0
Or else what we see is that we are performing a realistic play under commercial stickers of the Bouri and Khori council , who represents his pocket , his interests , and his position . 0
Living became a trade in livestock . 0
Explain to us , the people , what is the meaning of a people ? What is the meaning of gangs ? And what is the meaning of criminals ?
People are confused . 0
==============================
And thank you my brother , Al Kharek .
I hope to publish it if we can .
Maybe we can regain credibility of presentation and honesty in the message .
What we see today in the forum is nothing but fights between the Baseer Bahrani party and people who burn , hide , and mask .
Where are the words of truth ?
Whenever you see a criminal they have caught , you say punish him and , and , and , and , as if he is not a human who lives among us .
We feel for him , because he is the victim of big criminals of the %pw . 00
If he was backed up by a financial or incorporeal support , he would have been honest and would have been propagated as the most honest . 0
The country in reality is a Mafia country of all types and colors .
And the means of criminality were provided by our rational country , until the criminals became holders of scientific and mechanical degrees .
ama455@hotmail.com
Al Kharek
ama455@hotmail.com
Rejoice , people of Islam .
The toughest of your soldiers against the Antichrist have returned to the truth .
-LRB- Sons of Tamim . -RRB-
Al - Musta'in Billah
In the past , an Arab poet praised this tribe which humbled the thrones of the Persians and defeated their soldiers and their elephants .
Its leader , al - Ahnaf ibn Qays -LRB- may Allah be pleased with him -RRB- , chased their king until he was killed , exiled and homeless .
If the sons of Tamim were angry with you ........... you would think that all the people were angry .
This is only because the sons of this tribe kept their pledge , were loyal , and were steadfast in confrontation and tough on the enemy .
The Messenger of God -LRB- may God bless him and grant him salvation -RRB- , said about them that they are his people .
The alms of our people come from them -LRB- meaning the alms of the sons of Tamim -RRB- narrated by Muslim .
The truthful one and the one proved to be true -LRB- God bless him and grant him salvation -RRB- , said about them : " They are the toughest among my nation in battle .
-LRB- They are the toughest of my nation against the Antichrist . -RRB-
The people of Tamim in Iraq and a large part of al - Ahwaz have returned from the journey of Rafidite Safavid pride .
This is because those for whom a happy ending has already been decreed by God in the written book and to whom the good tidings of this came in the language of the faithful one of the heavens and the earth -LRB- God 's blessings on him -RRB- was not to be left by God in the mire of deviation and the valleys of disobedience .
From the heart I am telling you , sons of Tamim , children of al - Hamayil , al - Butama , al - Shirman , children of al - Kanan , people of Basra , al - Ahnaf , the great Abu al - Khasib , you swords of glory and soldiers of faith and people of Muhammad -LRB- may he have God 's blessing and peace -RRB- :
Rejoice and be hopeful .
God will really not forsake those who support His religion .
Your sale will be profitable , as will be that of Muhammad , Abu Bakr , Umar , Uthman , Ali , al - Qaqa , Zahra ibn al - Huwayah , Ibn al - Mubarak , al - Darimi , al - Nisa'i , Abu Yala , and those in the forefront .
Sons of Tamim , the cry of glory will always resound , striking terror in the adherents of Mazdaism , the sons of whores and group pleasures .
God is Great !
God is Great !
And I am the brother of Daaaaarim .
After me there will be people with the nickname al - Rafida who reject Islam and reject it .
Their mark is that there is no Friday prayer and no congregational prayer .
Let whoever encounters them fight them because they are polytheists .
Al - Tarid
They deserve this ...
For your information there is a large portion of them in the Kingdom ... and an area named after them ... which is Hawtat Bani Tamim ..
Among them are venerable sheikhs such as Muhammad bin Abd al - Wahhab and Ibn Uthaymin
shary .
maserdy@hotmail.com
A Word of Truth from Mahathir : " The Execution of Saddam is Public Murder . "
Shakir al - Maarouf
Abridged / The Diary of Islam :
The former Malaysian prime minister , Mahathir Mohamad , considered " the execution of the former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein a public murder . "
He condemned the broadcasting of the execution to the world , describing it as " a travesty of justice . "
In a statement published by the Malaysian news agency Bernama , Mahathir said that " the execution was decided by war criminals -LRB- the American President George Bush and the British prime minister , Tony Blair -RRB- . "
Mahathir , who was a member of the International Committee for the Defense of Saddam , added that the broadcasting of the execution " intended to demonstrate the imperialist power of the United States " .
It was a warning to peace supporters that they had to either prostrate themselves before the orders of the Bush Administration or face the penalties of execution without a legal trial .
The prominent Malaysian official went on to say that the execution was a travesty of justice as " the defense lawyer was brutally murdered , the witnesses threatened and the judges stepped down because of their integrity and were replaced with collaborating judges . "
" Nevertheless they told us that the invasion of Iraq was aimed at strengthening democracy , freedom and justice . "
Mahathir was violently opposed to the occupation which the United States led against Iraq in 2003 when he was Malaysia 's prime minister .
He also demanded several times that Bush and Blair be tried for their crimes .
http://www.almokhtsar.com/html/news/1413/2/65370.php
=== Comment ===
If only you were one of the rulers of the Gulf states , Mahathir , those that facilitated for America - foolishly and stupidly - the mission of invading Iraq . And extended a helping hand to it to destroy its infrastructure , its economic system , its regime and community life .
The Angry North
The statements of this man since he was in his post , were strong and clear , containing neither fear nor sycophancy .
How I wish Moslem leaders had his courage and his sense of zeal .
My brother , the oppressors have gone too far ... so Jihad and sacrifice have become a right
Saleh al - Musannad
Even the one we thought was foolish announced mourning on Sadam 's death .
Please visit the al - Falaq site just by clicking on the slogan www.alfalaq.com
To write to us : alfalaq@hotmail.com
Mujahed 2005
To raise everything if omissions have been made mua4000@hotmail.com
Will the Capital Market Authority prove its integrity and suspend Al - Waleed now in accordance with its regulations ?
Dirawi
Will the Capital Market Authority suspend Al - Waleed after his conference , as it suspended others in accordance with its rules ?
Al - Kanhal 's 2005 statement for which he was suspended .
Al - Kanhal said that the Sidq Company is an industrial company and one of the founding companies of the Ansab Corporation
And my information is about its good future plans .
The Mubrid Company is a company that owns the biggest land transport fleet in the Middle East , because the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is considered one of the biggest exporting and importing countries in the world .
Speaking of his support for investor ownership in companies , he explained that this phenomenon is healthy due to the presence of a young generation of holders of scientific qualifications and administrative expertise , a matter that changes the policies and activities of some companies to generate a greater profit .
Speaking of his expectations for the Saudi market during the coming period in light of the big growth in some companies , he said : " The Saudi market has a number of incentives that are helping it to grow , these being the proximity of announcing the third quarter , the rise in petroleum prices , and the close announcement of share division and the Capital Market Authority regulations for starting consultants ' and brokering offices .
Speaking of his support for some of the investors expanding into the Gulf markets , he said I do not support that , as the Saudi stock market is considered one of the biggest markets in the Middle East , and investing in it does very well .
We praise God that the daily value of the market has reached twenty - five billion .
This reflects the strength and solidity of the Saudi market .
Finally , he asked the CEOs of companies to apply the regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority at that time to maintain the rights of shareholders .
Al - Kanhal praised the regulations of the Capital Market Authority governed by His Excellency Mr. Jammaz al - Suhaimi .
The new regulations it had endorsed maintained the market 's balance .
We are still awaiting many more regulations from it .
The decision to suspend Al - Kanhal .
The announcement by the Capital Market Authority on Sunday 6 Ramadan 1426 AH and what the press published on the following day about the Authority 's decision .
Suspension of al - Kanhal 's investment accounts .
The Market 's Conduct Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority .
In accordance with Decision number 1 - 11 - 1424 dated 20 / 8 / 1425 AH , being 10 / 4 / 2004 AD In accordance with the Capital Market Law issued by Royal Decree number M/30 dated 2/6/1424 AH. Part Four . Untrue Statements . Article Seven : Prohibition of Untrue Statements . A person is prohibited from making an untrue statement of material fact verbally or in writing or from failing to make a statement required to be made under the Capital Market Law , the Implementing Regulations , or the rules of the Exchange or the Depositary Center , if the statement is made , or the person fails to make the required statement , for the purpose of influencing the price or value of a security , inducing another person to purchase or sell a security , or inducing him to exercise or refrain from exercising rights under a security .
Article Eight : Rumours .
a -RRB- A person is prohibited from circulating , directly or indirectly , an untrue statement of material fact or a statement of opinion for the purpose of influencing the price or value of a security or for any manipulative purpose .
b -RRB- The prohibition in paragraph -LRB- a -RRB- applies to a statement made by the person who circulates the statement or to a statement made by another person .
Article Nine : Untrue Statements Defined
a -RRB- A person makes an untrue statement of material fact in any of the following circumstances : 1 -RRB- if he makes a statement that is false or inaccurate in a material respect ; 2 -RRB- if he procures another person to make a statement that is false or inaccurate in a material respect ; 3 -RRB- if he makes a statement that contains a misrepresentation of a material fact ; 4 -RRB- if he procures another person to make a statement that contains a misrepresentation of a material fact ; or 5 -RRB- if he omits a material fact when making a statement .
b -RRB- A material fact is any information relating to a security which , if the investor knew about , would have materially affected the price or value at which the investor purchased or sold the security .
Article Ten : Responsibility for untrue statements .
For the purposes of application of Article 56 of the Capital Market Law and the provisions of a -RRB- A person shall be liable for damages to a claimant if he makes an untrue statement of material fact and the statement is made : 1 -RRB- for the purpose of profit or commercial benefit ; and 2 -RRB- in relation to the purchase or sale of a security .
b -RRB- A claimant for damages under paragraph -LRB- a -RRB- of this Article must establish that : 1 -RRB- he was not aware that the statement was untrue ; 2 -RRB- he would not have purchased or sold the security in question if he was aware of the untrue statement , or that he would not have purchased or sold the security at the price at which such security was purchased or sold ; and 3 -RRB- the person who made the untrue statement knew , or knew that there was a substantial likelihood , that the statement was untrue in relation to a material fact .
c -RRB- A person shall be liable for damages to a claimant , if he is obliged under the Capital Market Law , the Implementing Regulations , or the rules of the Exchange or the Depositary Center to make a statement and fails to do so provided that : 1 -RRB- the claim for damages is in relation to the purchase or sale of a security ; and 2 -RRB- what has been omitted relates to a material fact .
d -RRB- A claimant for damages under paragraph -LRB- c -RRB- of this Article must establish that : 1 -RRB- he was not aware of the failure to make the statement ; and 2 -RRB- he would not have purchased or sold the security in question had he known in advance that the statement was omitted , or that he would not have purchased or sold the security at the price at which such security was purchased or sold .
-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- copied -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- .
Will the law be applied and will Al - Waleed being suspended ? Especially as he has a precedent in involving poor speculators with his previous statement some months ago . when he made the market artificially rebound . then he got rid of his shares and profited from the pockets of small traders after they were suspended .
or will the Authority prove its failure and confirm that it is only a scarecrow solely against the poor and the weak .
Wolves attack people who do not have dogs .... and they fear the lair of the ferocious would - be lion .
When will we hear the roaring of the ferocious would - be lion ?
dirawy@gmail.com
God support everyone who support religion and abandon anyone who abandons religion .
Abu Dilama
For correspondence :
alisau@gmail.com
Morning of the Nighttime
Where did you get this from , Abu Dilama ?
he , he , he , he
Do n't forget to mention God .
The Rejoicer
Al - Waleed , and who is Al - Waleed , a blood - sucker ...
He is the true patriot in the view of Ibn Bakhit , when he made fun of others and praised him .
and it later became clear that he was the most warlike of men and people get in trouble because of him ....
But the Capital Market Authority can not do a thing to him
The word is integrity .
MINT
It 's too early .
They will give him a call and stop him ; the Authority knows its limits well .
mint35@hotmail.com
More than one person is writing under this handle until God eases the hardship .
The Perpetual Optimist
If the collapse is on the American stock market he could be right .
This type of person enjoys sucking the bones of the dead .
What is built on falsehood is false .
-LRB- he asked one of them : " Do you know anything about commerce ?
So our friend replied : " No . "
Then he said laughing : " May God increase the likes of you . "
We say God said and the prophet -LRB- peace and blessings be upon him -RRB- said .. they say Abu Abdullah said .
What a difference between our source and theirs .
k.m.n_84@hotmail.com
JARIR
The man is in agreement with the Capital Market Authority .
Riyadh - Fahd al - Marikhi : Photography by Saleh al - Jamia
His Royal Highness , Prince Al - Waleed ibn Talal , the CEO of the Kingdom Holding Company , has announced the pumping of more than 10 billion riyals into the Saudi share and property markets , explaining that over five billion riyals will be distributed to a number of sectors , these being : the banking sector , through the increase of investment in the Samba Financial Group to make its share larger than 5 percent ; the industrial sector through the increase in investment in the National Industrialization Company to increase the share of the Kingdom Holding Company to more than 10 percent ; and the food production sector through the increase in investment in the Safola Company to make its share larger than 13 percent ; and the media sector through a new investment in the Saudi Research and Publishing company of a more than 25 percent share in the company , in addition to the investment in a number of companies that will soon be publicly listed on the Saudi stock market , such as the Mid Gulf company in the insurance sector .
During a press conference held be him yesterday at the Riyadh headquarters of the Kingdom Holding Company , Prince Al - Waleed explained that the pumping of this money has taken more time than anticipated , but confirmed that it was not for speculation but for investment purposes
the relevant state authorities have been informed of these investments in accordance with the transparency principle in use
Prince Al - Waleed explained that the remaining five billion were invested in the property sector that included the Riyadh project which will be launched in the first quarter of the current financial year , and the Jeddah project which will be launched at the beginning of the coming year indicating that an area of 165 million square meters of land had actually been purchased by the Kingdom Holding Company in Riyadh and another area of 53 million square meters in Jeddah for the establishment of these two projects . and a study undertaken to turn these property companies in the future into ones publicly listed on the share market .
The total costs of the Jeddah project is expected to amount to approximately 50 billion riyals and will turn the map of the town upside down .
It includes a high multi-purpose tower ,
and the project will also include a residential district with an area of 2 million square meters , shopping areas and an educational area as well as areas for commercial offices , entertainment , tourism and hotels .
The possibility of developing a diplomatic quarter is being examined at present , while taking into consideration all the required specifications for this quarter .
The entire planning for this project is being done by a Canadian international company .
Speaking of the Riyadh project , Prince Al - Waleed said that it is situated on the Dammam road .
The project , the execution of which will start shortly , will include a tourist resort project managed by Fairmont
The total value of the investment upon completion of the project will be about 25 billion riyals , and it will include a residential quarter containing 135 thousand residential units .
Prince Al - Waleed reported that he had previously mentioned that the market was facing danger some five months prior to its collapse last February , pointing out that when the stock market surpassed the 20 thousand points , that was exaggerated and illogical because the Price Earnings Ratio in some companies were reaching a thousand riyals and that was not possible .
That collapse was expected , not to mention the speculation that occurred .
With the revival of the petro-market and the increase in the Kingdom 's revenue , both of the government or the citizens , there was a lot of money and limited investment opportunities ,
so inflation occurred , leading to the collapse and not a single Saudi family escaped being hit .
Even in the current market situation , if we compare to the Price Earning Ratio then it is still logical and realistic ,
He pointed out that current share prices were logical and reasonable . and demanded investors stop speculating because that leads to many bankruptcies .
He said that there are companies on the market in which profit potential was nonexistent .
He applauded the decision of the Capital Market Authority to suspend dealings of the two companies and said that it was a wise decision but it had come too late as there were fears from speculators of suspending the shares of other companies , and this is one of the state 's rights , to suspend dealing in the shares of companies that were hopeless .
He indicated that there might be other companies whose shares will be suspended and that investors should buy into companies that , it was hoped , would remain and continue .
Speaking of the timing of this announcement and the reasons for it , Prince Al - Waleed said that the undertaking to pump 10 billion riyals into the Saudi market was made last March and that the investment he had undertaken was not completed till two weeks ago and therefore it was being announced .
He hoped that the market had hit the bottom but without any mad rises as had happened in the past , as they were short - term paper profits .
He expected that the current year would witness the restoration of equilibrium to the Saudi market after reaching a kind of sensibility .
He explained that the Saudi authorities were insistent on driving out the speculators who were pushing the market into harming them and the small investors .
He pointed out that the market is looking for a bottom to hit thereafter to be able to rise in a logical and reasonable way
He indicated that the market was looking for a bottom at 7000 points or slightly less .
He added : " We do not want the Saudi stock market to return to insane and unacceptable figures as it did in the past the Kingdom Holding Company is investing in the market to restore confidence in it .
More importantly , the investor must be educated to invest in companies that have a good future . "
Prince Al - Waleed confirmed that the Kingdom Holding Company is continuing with its plans to list for sale a percentage of its shares agreed upon with the state , to reach a figure that serves the Saudi citizen and does not harm the future interests of the Company and its expansions .
He stressed that even in the current market conditions the company would be listing its shares on the market in the current year .
Speaking of the downturn on the stock market in light of the increasing petroleum revenues and the record budget achieved by the state during the last two financial years , Prince Al - Waleed said that the stock market is a mirror of the Saudi economy . but if the stock market was exaggerated then there would be a difference between the state of the Saudi market in general and the stock market and this is what happened .
He offered a number of suggestions to the Ministry of Finance and officials to help the companies , namely : to allow companies to buy their shares immediately which would give trust in the market and would reduce the number of dealt in shares on the market and thus increase the amount of profit ; to allow non-Saudi companies and corporations to enter the market by placing controls such as instituting sectors for shares and an ownership percentage ceiling ; and to oblige companies to disclose future expectations of the companies ' performances .
A discussion with the CEOs of Saudi companies has been initiated by the Kingdom Holding Company by sending them letters dealing with the disclosure of the companies ' future expectations .
This is done by all companies in the developed world with the aim of obliging the company to achieve the declared profit or something close to it and to re-assure the investor .
Finally , more disclosures between the company and the investor , since there are companies with specific profit achieving strategies not from its basic accredited activities , such as achieving non-repeatable profit .
He added : " We wish to remove the weak companies that do not represent the Saudi economy from the market and separate them from the companies with big profits . "
He confirmed that these proposals would be made to state officials to be applied to companies .
Prince Al - Waleed denied that the Kingdom Holding Company had liquidized any portfolio it had in the Kingdom ,
but on the contrary , it had increased its investments in a number of companies , and in addition did not enter into any speculation at all but is working on buying and keeping for investment .
He also denied that the collapse of last February was planned by any party , but it rather occurred because of the illogical prices reached by the market .
He indicated that the collapse was expected because of the inflation in share prices and said that any person familiar with the stock market will confirm that the collapse was imminent at that time .
He explained that the state could not in any way be made responsible for the losses of investors on the market and must remain neutral on that .
The role of the state is to prevent the manipulators from exposing the market to fluctuations , to punish them and to suspend bankrupt companies .
He pointed out that there is a study on dividing the market because it was difficult to place profitable , strong companies alongside weak loss - making ones , and this is where the Capital Market Authority plays a role .
He called upon the investors and not the experience lacking speculators in the market , to go to investment funds and banks to invest their finances in a professional manner , so as to avoid getting caught in market fluctuations and become exposed to losses .
As for the stagnation in Saudi economy , it is not probable , because last year and at the peak of the stock market collapse , the Saudi economy flourished and achieved a 6 per cent growth , because there is a difference in the course of the Saudi economy and that of the stock market .
He asserted that expectations indicate there will be no stagnation in the Saudi economy during the current year due to its strength , especially in the light of the serious strong steps taken by the government to not to concentrate on the petroleum factor .
Regarding the company 's competition for the third license to operate cell phones in the Kingdom , he said that they have an alliance with the Turkish Turkcell Company to compete for this license , and as regards the license for fixed phones , the company will not enter into such competition .
Regarding the investment in the Bank of China , Prince Al - Waleed said that the company had applied to invest as a representative of the Arab world and the Middle East , based on a request made by the Chinese authorities .
He pointed out that the company requested an investment of two billion dollars but had allocated only 300 million dollars for the company and the deal went through .
The profits gained from listing the company 's shares amounted to about 25 per cent .
JARIR9@hotmail.com
The Skull - capped One
There is a number of questions whose answers would let us know what the course of the market will be ?
Is Al - Waleed 's view with his team of analysts and consultants that these sinking levels might form a bottom to the market ?
Do these growing profits and collapsing prices form an historic opportunity for investment ?
Will the major investors return with the entry of Al - Waleed as it is generally known that any market has its bottom with the investors and its peak with the speculators ?
Has investment become more advantageous in the medium and long terms ?
Will the course of the market and the method of dealing with it change after a whole year of collapse ?
The features of the answers to this questions will become evident during the coming period , starting from tomorrow .
There is no God but God and Mohammed is the messenger of God .
Dirawi
We are picking the condemnations of Al - Waleed from the news which the writer JARIR has added and providing a commentary in red .
through the increase of investment in the Samba Financial Group to make its share larger than 5 percent ; the industrial sector through the increase in investment in the National Industrialization Company to increase the share of the Kingdom Holding Company to more than 10 percent ; and the food production sector through the increase in investment in the Safola Company to make its share larger than 13 percent ; and the media sector through a new investment in the Saudi Research and Publishing company of a more than 25 percent share in the company , in addition to the investment in a number of companies that will soon be publicly listed on the Saudi stock market , such as the Mid Gulf company in the insurance sector .
During a press conference held be him yesterday at the Riyadh headquarters of the Kingdom Holding Company , Prince Al - Waleed explained that pumping of this money had taken more time than anticipated . but confirmed that it was not for speculation but rather for investment .
the relevant state authorities have been informed of these investments in pursuance of the principle of transparency being used .
Months ago Al - Waleed declared the pumping of ten billion riyals and specified companies that were " respectable " according to his claim .
He won the confidence of some and small speculators entered the market , whereupon an artificial surge occurred , then they were caught in the collapses which followed that made - up surge and which have continued until today .
Al - Waleed had lost his credibility on the market .
He had to change his rhetoric if he wanted to restore his credibility in order to continue his mission of beating the market -LRB- as some believe -RRB- .
Thus he had to specify in his present statement , in addition to the names of the companies , the percentage he owns in each company -LRB- more than 5 % in Samba , more than 10 % in Manufacturing , more than 13 % in Safola , more than 25 % in Research , ... etc. -RRB-
Speaking of the timing of this announcement and the reasons for it , Prince Al - Waleed said that the undertaking to pump 10 billion riyals into the Saudi market was made last March . and that the investment he had undertaken was not completed till two weeks ago and therefore it was being announced .
It is not possible to believe that Al - Waleed had been " only " collecting since last March -LRB- almost a year ago -RRB- until now . Because , if that had happened , then the rates of his prices would be much higher than the current prices .
This would be unreasonable behavior from an opportunist like Al - Waleed .
And so this explanation of his is untruthful .
" He expected that the current year would witness the restoration of equilibrium to the Saudi market after reaching a kind of sensibility . "
This expression seems to have two sides to it :
the first is to send a signal to the Market Authority that he does not want to create a very strong imaginary surge
and this might mean that the Market Authority is being informed that he will be satisfied with less profit than his -LRB- counterpart -RRB- and then get out .
The second : to win the dealers ' belief that the market might have hit the bottom and that they should safely enter with their cash and begin raising its index .
" He explained that the Saudi authorities were insistent on driving out the speculators who were pushing the market into harming them and the small investors . "
In this clause of the statement he is assuring the minds of dealers that does not intend to dispose of his shares to them through this action of his , and so they should enter and raise up the index of his companies .
" the Kingdom Holding Company is investing in the market to restore confidence in it . "
And " more importantly , the investor must be educated to invest in companies that have a good future . "
Here Al - Waleed confirms sowing of trust in the hearts of speculators but only if they enter and give a boost to his companies .
That 's why he finished by saying " educating the investor "
It is the pinnacle of education when the speculators enter into Al - Waleed 's companies and get stuck , since the blow might be final .
dirawy@gmail.com
God help all those who help religion and forsake all those who forsake religion .
Major - General of the Peninsula
To God is our complaint and he is the best attorney against all those responsible for wasting the money of the poor and the hard - working .
May God bring down destructive plagues on the money of those who cause losses to Moslems , God make their money cause them distress , oh Lord of both worlds .
The jailer asked the Imam Ahmad bin Hanbal , " Am I one of the aides to oppression ? "
Imam Ahmad responded , " Nay , you are one of the oppressors themselves . "
Dirawi
Abu Dilama Al - Waleed faught the poor over their daily bread and he was in no need for that , because what he gets from his investment and commercial activities can not be counted or calculated .
But " greed and covetousness " have made him envy the poor their daily bread and he stole it from their mouths .
Many people went bankrupt .
Many homes were destroyed and collapsed and turned into places of poverty and want .
To God is our complaint and He is the best attorney .
dirawy@gmail.com
God help those who help religion and forsake all those who forsake religion .
Peres in Doha Per Invitation from Mozah .
Al Shaheen2005
Israeli Deputy Prime Minister Shimon Peres began on Monday the highest level visit of an Israeli official to a Gulf country in more than a decade , when he arrived in Qatar for a two - day visit .
The Associated Press attributed to Israeli officials that Peres would appear on a television program in which he would answer questions about " important issues " from among 300 Arab requests .
The visit is the second for Peres to Qatar , which he visited before in 1996 in his capacity as Prime Minister of Israel , according to the Chairman of the Israeli Commercial Delegation , Roi Rosenblit 's , statement in Doha .
The Israeli official emphasized that the visit has no political tincture and that he has not decided to meet with any Qatari official , -LRB- some sources had indicated that he might meet the Qatari Foreign Minister -RRB- .
He clarified that Peres had accepted an invitation from the BBC to participate in a program called " Doha Debates , " in which several personalities participate .
It is overseen by the First Lady of Qatar , Sheikha Mozah Bint Nasser Al Missned .
My forehead is up .
al_shaheen2005@hotmail.com
Sakr Al Salam
Per an invitation from Mozah ?
May God lead you to righteousness , my brother .
What you conveyed just jams the name of Mozah .
I mean , the one who wrote the news deliberately intended it .
He said to his wife : be silent .
And he said to his son : shut up .
Your voices distort my thinking .
Do not utter a word .
I want to write about freedom of expression !
Al Shaheen2005
Intended it or not , do you expect that anything happens in Qatar today without the approval of Her Highness Sheikha Mozah ?
Sheikha Mozah seeks to please America by all means , even if all the citizens of the country disagree with her ... and the goal is known .
Accept the regards of your brother .
My forehead is up .
al_shaheen2005@hotmail.com
Asiri
In which he answers questions about " important issues " from among 300 Arab requests !!!
They became -LRB- solvers -RRB- of issues , the likes of Peres , and the ones like them .
Then we can say we have reached solutions !!
My regards , brother Al Shaheen .
My regards and appreciation to all .
Sada Al Harf
First Lady of Qatar ?!!!
Maybe her name is Mozah Bush ?
Glory and thanks to God , as much as His creations , His self - satisfaction , the loftiness of His Throne , and the extent of His words .
For communication : alsaha100@yahoo.com .
Sakr Al Salam
And what is the goal of the Sheikha , if you please ?
I swear to God , as I understand from your words , it is not a good goal .
Accept my regards .
He said to his wife : be silent .
And he said to his son : shut up .
Your voices distort my thinking .
Do not utter a word .
I want to write about freedom of expression !
Fahd2000
I expect she would govern Qatar --
But it is said that Qatar is democratic .
It is the first to assign a woman this position in the region ......
By the way , the First Lady of Qatar , we knew ........
who is the First Man of Qatar ?
A lot of people from three Gulf countries ... use this name ..!
For communication type the email and do not paste it
-LRB- i_am_s4udi@yahoo.com -RRB-
Al Shaheen2005
Doha -LRB- Reuters -RRB- -
Israeli Deputy Prime Minister Shimon Peres quoted the Prince of Qatar as saying the Islamic Resistance Movement -LRB- Hamas -RRB- would make peace if Israel would abandon the lands it occupied in the 1967 war .
Peres said he also discussed Iran 's nuclear ambitions with Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al Thani , Prince of Qatar , during a rare visit to the American - allied Gulf country , his first in a decade .
" In his judgment , if Israel would go back to the borders of 1967 , Hamas would make peace with Israel , " Peres told reporters after the meeting .
" He -LRB- Sheikh Hamad -RRB- says Hamas was elected , and he thinks Hamas is more pragmatic than we think . "
Peres said about the Hamas movement , which won the Palestinian elections in 2006 and refuses to recognize the Jewish state , " I told him that Hamas has refused to meet .
Hamas has announced it will not recognize the signed agreements between us and the Palestinians . "
Israel " should , pay so much attention to their declarations , as they have to please another audience , " he reported Sheikh Hamad as saying in the meeting , which lasted for one hour , and which he described as " frank and amiable . "
Peres said the talks also addressed Iran 's nuclear program .
He said Israel would back increased " economic pressure and a psychological campaign " against the government of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who is a sworn enemy of Israel .
" I do not think Israel has a problem with Iran ; it has a problem with Ahmadinejad , " Peres said .
Peres said that there is " a great deal of dissatisfaction inside Iran " with the policies of Ahmadinejad .
" You can not feed your children enriched uranium for breakfast . You need something more than that , " he added .
Iran 's neighbors in the Gulf expressed their concern over Iran 's nuclear plans , and Saudi officials said that an Iran which owns nuclear weapons could spur a regional arms race .
Peres was the most senior Israeli official to visit Doha in 1996 when he opened a trade office in the country .
There are no official diplomatic relations with Qatar .
Qatar and several other Arab countries ended an economic ban on Israel after it signed interim peace agreements with the Palestinians in 1993 , but relations deteriorated after the outbreak of the uprising in 2000 .
My forehead is up .
al_shaheen2005@hotmail.com
Al Shaheen2005
Esseri .
A crisis and what a crisis ...
In general , I believe they will look for any justification in order to attract the likes of Peres in a way that facilitates his attendance and presence .
It is ok also if that lecture story is used , as long as it achieves the goal .
Sufficient unto us is God , and He is the best supporter .
My forehead is up .
al_shaheen2005@hotmail.com
The National Syrian Party in Lebanon , and Very Dangerous Facts
Al Shaheen2005
At a time when the Lebanese judiciary continues its investigation into the file of the detainees of " the Syrian National Social Party , " very important , and at the same time , dangerous , information was revealed about an attempt to blow up the location of a Phalange celebration in Al Koura , which was set to be attended by president Amin Al Gemayel , Minister and martyr Pierre Al Gemayel , and hundreds of supporters of the Lebanese Phalange Party , per an order from Parliament Member Asaad Herdan . That was " Cailion " restaurant in Al Koura on January 15 , 2005 , 29 days before the crime of the assassination of Prime Minister Rafiq Al Hariri , and three months after the assassination attempt of Minister Marwan Hamada , which would have raised the number of crimes and explosions to 16 .
Minister Gemayel was assassinated by gunshots in an armed attack on his procession in the New Jadida sector on the 21st of last November .
Information states that the security official of the Syrian National Social Party , Toni Mansour , admitted in the investigation that , after the Phalange Party set a date for the celebration to be held in the North with the attendance of President Al Gemayel and his son Pierre on January 15 , 2005 , he received an order from Parliament Member Asaad Herdan to " blow up " the celebration .
In implementing the orders , Mansour went with a group of his assistants on January 13 , 2005 , two days before the celebration , to the restaurant , where he started to plant an explosive package containing 15 kilograms of " T. N. T. " substance .
But he was surprised that the timer he had brought had a manufacturing defect , which forced him to postpone the mission for another day .
Mansour states that it was decided to replant the explosive package hours before the start of the celebration .
He went to the restaurant with his assistants , but he was surprised that a security siege had surrounded the place before the time set for the celebration , which forced him to cancel his project .
Yet the ongoing investigation with Mansour and his assistants did not reach a reliable criminal connection between the assassination attempt on President Al Gemayel and his son Pierre , which was postponed for reasons beyond their control in the North , and the assassination crime that was committed in New Jadida on the morning of a party tour by Minister Al Gemayel of the northern party members , which was described as having achieved excellent results .
The international investigation committee , under the leadership of Belgian Judge Serge Brammertz , was assigned to assist in revealing the assassination crime of Minister Al Gemayel .
The procedure the Lebanese judiciary will take against Parliament Member Asaad Herdan is not known , after he was proved to have given orders to Mansour to perform an explosive operation that was supposed to kill the Phalange leadership and its party members .
The Lebanese Constitution states that immunity should be removed from Parliament members if they are pursued for penal crimes , in case the council was in a holding round .
The normal -LSB- round -RSB- period ended at the end of last December without opening an exceptional round .
An explosive package of this size had exploded in several areas in the northern -LSB- board -RSB- , Ashrafieh , Jounieh , and Kasslik , between March 18 , 2005 and May 7 of the same year .
Also , in the framework of this judicial investigation , criminal experts stated that the explosives that were found in the houses of the arrestees of the Syrian National Social Party , together with two hundred kilograms of " T. N. T. " substance , entered the Lebanese market in the year 2000 , which refutes all that has been said , that the explosives and weapons go back to the eighties of the last century when the party was a brigade in the national resistance against the Israeli occupation in southern Lebanon .
Lebanese " Future "
My forehead is up .
al_shaheen2005@hotmail.com
Al Shaheen2005
Would Syria admit what it is doing in Lebanon after these confessions , or it will deny its agents and actions as usual , with false shameful justifications ?
Day after day , Syria 's connection to all the terrorist incidents that happen in sister Lebanon is proven , as the ignorance , shallow mindedness , and methodology of Syrian politicians is proven to everyone .
My forehead is up .
al_shaheen2005@hotmail.com
Expressive image
Al Waeli
Al Waeli , peace , mercy , and the blessing of God be upon you .
As a courtesy , not an order , please place in the political forum this picture , which goes back to 1973 - 1393 , at the time of King Faisal , may God have mercy on him , when he prevented the export of oil to America .
The picture shows the extent of our ability to stand in the face of America , and I hope the members would comment on the picture .
naifgh@msn.com
Al Maghaweer
Things today are more complicated than before ...
and the lurkers for us are many ...
Also , the world today has become uni-polar ... as they say !
I wish things would stay like that ... but leave it to God ...
God shall decide .
Abu Dalama
Saturday , 12/24/1427 AH , 01/13/2007 AD .
Question : I would like to ask His Highness Prince Saud whether the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is ready to raise its production of oil , in case the Iranian crisis causes a reduction of the Iranian production or a rise in prices ?
In other words , is the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia ready to use the oil weapon against the oil weapon ?
I would also like to ask with regard to the Iranian crisis , what is the significance of the initiatives that the group of nations , of which the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is part , I mean , the Gulf Cooperation Council , are undertaking in order to develop the project of the nuclear program ?
Is this , I mean , the preparation a group of Sunni Arab countries are undertaking as a warning directed at the Iranian leadership ?
Your Highness , the Minister : We are -LSB- handling -RSB- the issue of facing the oil weapon with the oil weapon , because we do not consider it an oil weapon .
It is wealth to be used , and we are using this wealth in consideration of our national interests , the interests of the producing nations , and the interests of the consuming nations .
His Highness the Oil Minister has very clearly clarified that the policy of the Kingdom is established on balance in the oil market .
The Kingdom has historically proven that in times of crisis , it does what it should do as the biggest producer of oil , in a way that guarantees the stability of the oil markets .
As for the nuclear program which the Gulf Cooperation Council has approved , I believe that among the most important reasons on which the Council agreed in this framework is to enter in this important industry , the importance of which not only includes a military aspect , but also a peaceful aspect , in order to establish an industry subject to strict controls that can not be violated , in order to guarantee its peaceful direction .
And it may be an example for all who want to have this industry and have no intention of developing it , other than establishing nuclear weapons .
This is the goal the Gulf Cooperation Council countries are seeking .
http://www.mofa.gov.sa/detail.asp?InNewsItemID=59090&InTemplateKey=print
For correspondence :
alisau@gmail.com
Al Waeli
Al Maghaweer and brother , Abu Dalama : Thank you for participating and expressing your opinion .
And I -LSB- agree with -RSB- Prince Faisal , that it is essential to consider the interests of the nation and the interests of development in the Kingdom , but I enclosed the picture per the request of its owner .
naifgh@msn.com
Nader Abdullah
No doubt the political reading today differs from the situations in which the decision was made at that time .
The political situation of the world today has even become more complicated than before .
It ca n't be said that any oil producing country can use oil as a weapon to impose a certain political vision or political position .
It may be one of the most important reasons that the American presence in the region today has become a fact with which we have to live , not to face with any weapon .
ho11ho@hotmail.com
Hala
It is very hard today to use oil as a weapon .
We will suffer more than the Americans in my belief .
And God -LSB- knows better -RSB- .
Police and Investigation Authority Agreed to be Unjust to this Sheikh / His Picture
Abd al - Rahman 2002
During the vacation of the blessed feast of Bairam for the year 1425 A. H. , I traveled from Riyadh where I work to my relatives and family in Wadi al - Dawasir to spend my vacation with them happy and joyful .
I was not aware of what fate was hiding .
On Monday afternoon on 13/12/1425 A. H. , I went with my father and my eldest son to the Majid Organization to sell construction materials . Since my father is building a villa that belongs to me .
After we left the organization , we found a number of security men standing by my father 's car .
When I asked them , they said that the car was wanted .
So my father ordered me to go in the car with them .
My father took the child to his home .
At the police station I found a captain named Butayhan Munir who ordered that I be arrested without asking me any questions .
I objected to that asking for information on why my father 's car had been taken and the reasons for my arrest .
At this , the captain said " your father 's car has been reported . "
I asked to see the report and I found that it was for a 98 or 99 model car without a plate number .
I explained to the captain and informed him that my father 's car is a 2002 model and its plates are on it .
At this , the captain said that it was reported by a Sudanese .
Upon reviewing the report of the Sudanese I found that it was about a car whose model and plate number were not specified .
But the captain insisted on his position and quarreled with me and put me into detention .
At this , a call was made to the governor of Wadi al - Dawasir by my uncle on his mobile phone , " later my lawyer " thinking that he was at the Wadi , and an argument took place with him .
He called the captain and told him to put him into the cell and exert pressure on him till he confesses . Because they will raise a complaint against us , if his detention was without reason .
That evening after sunset , as soon as he received the phone call from the governor , the captain took me out of the group detention area .
He asked me to enter the cell and beat me with the assistance of the soldier Yahya Maghfouri .
I slapped Captain Butayhan on his face in return for his beating .
The captain stood up and lit his cigarette , and said , I will put it out in your eyes .
I said , you can not .
He took me into a dark cell with no water or electricity .
I did not know the know the direction of Mecca .
I remained in it for seven days without his asking me my name , or writing a record of my arrest .
Visitors were prevented from seeing me .
He kept my father 's car for a year , without writing a confiscation order for it .
This was contrary to all the regulations issued by the ministry of the interior and by the government , and it is contrary to the system of criminal procedures issued by the monarchy , which require the interrogation of the detainee within 24 hours .
As soon as the captain received the order of the governor , everyone coordinated with Lieutenant Colonel 'Id Matar al - Nafi'i to bring his relative , the aforementioned person who filed the report .
They called him after sunset that night .
He was in Khamis Mashit .
They asked him to come to them immediately because the reported car had been seized . And the reported person had been arrested .
So he went quickly , as he was told to do .
At one o'clock at night " he came to the captain and the lieutenant colonel and they told him that I was wearing a green garment . "
The detainees were awakened .
He took me out of my cell and they brought their puppet veiled so he would not be recognized , because he knew that he was playing a nasty role .
He said hastily " the one in the green garment , " and they wrote down what they called an identification statement , which was nothing more than an allegation , if it were separated from all the conspiracy and fabrication that was obvious from the context of the story .
The conspirators felt confident with their plot .
A week later I was interrogated .
I denied everything I had been charged with .
Then they showed me to the Sudanese people who cleared me .
They showed them my father 's car and they said it was not the one .
Then came two witnesses who were watching the chase between the car mentioned in the report of Saud al - Nafi'i and his car . The Caprice .
They testified that the car with which he had competed was a 98 model , according to his report .
They showed them my father 's car and they testified that it was not the car they saw , so they released me .
We complained to the governor of Riyadh in a letter -LRB- a copy of the letter is attached in the letters and documents section -RRB- , hoping that the conspirators be held accountable and the dignity of the citizen would be preserved .
A committee was formed consisting of the following : Abdallah al - Majyul of the municipality of Riyadh , Brigadier General Faisal al - Mandil of the Riyadh Police Department , and Investigator Faisal al - Ijyan of the Riyadh branch of the General Investigation and Claims Board .
In our complaint we requested to include a member from the ministry of the interior and a member from General Security , but the governor of Riyadh asked that it consist of the aforementioned .
In deference to his wish , a page from the letter of complaint was replaced by another page .
The committee undertook its work on Saturday 16/2/1426 A. H. The following is noteworthy :
1. Lieutenant Colonel 'Id Matar refused to appear before it .
His testimony was through the statement of the chief of police that he was coordinating with the representative of the Riyadh Police , Brigadier General Faisal al - Mandil .
2. The reporter Saud al - Nafi'i refused to appear before it .
3. Captain Butayhan and his other colleagues refused to appear together .
They insisted that the first would come , and then return to the police station , then the second one would come , and so on , so they could coordinate their answers .
4. The committee acceded to their wishes despite our objection .
5. The committee refused to let us see any of the documents of the proceedings and the charges filed against us .
6. The committee refused the request to impound the car of the reporter to confirm the truth about its collision and where exactly it was , especially since the documents of the proceedings are devoid of anything that proves that or proves that there was an accident , as the reporter alleged .
7. The committee refused to discuss with the reporter where he fixed the alleged damage to his car , or in what workshop .
Did he fix it in accordance with an official repair document according to the system , or not ?
Did he know who gave him the repair document ?
If he was given a document , the question is who gave it to him in violation of the system ?
8. The committee refused to discuss with the conspirators and the investigator whether they referred the car of the reporter to three workshops for estimates , in compliance with the rules .
And why did n't they do so , if they were telling the truth ? Especially since private as well as public rights are based upon it .
9. The committee refused to inspect the cell with us to confirm its unsuitability .
10. The governor made a lunch banquet for the honorable committee .
11. The next morning was designated for us to attend to discuss with the committee .
We thought that it would show us the answers of those it had questioned so that we could reply to them .
But we were surprised that it had left the day before for Riyadh .
On 29/4/1426 A. H. the committee returned to Wadi al - Dawasir .
We appeared before it .
It did not open the investigation file and it did not show us anything in spite of our request and our informing it that this was our right according to the system of criminal procedures issued by royal decree .
It claimed that it would show it to us soon , especially the representative of the municipality of Riyadh who apparently was the one who held and controlled the documents of the proceedings .
My father requested the return of his car that had been impounded in violation of all laws and regulations .
It was not given to him and no order was issued to hand it over .
The committee left for Riyadh that day and that was the last time we saw of it .
At the beginning of the month of Dhu al - Qada 1426 A. H. , the office of the head of the General Investigation and Prosecution Authority called me and told me that the head of the General Investigation and Prosecution Authority and the Authority 's committee had fired me from my job and had issued that decision on the basis of the following two reasons :
1. Incompetence during the period of the experience .
2. Lack of trust and consideration .
It mentioned that it was based on the letter of the governor of the area of Riyadh , and that it was appropriate that I submit to the head of the General Investigation and Prosecution Authority my letter of resignation so that my reputation would not be tarnished by that decision and so that I would be able to work in my field , because that decision would bar me from employment in the future .
So I traveled to Riyadh and refused to submit my resignation because this would be submitting to injustice and arbitrariness no matter what the consequences .
Our reputation , thank God , is honorable , and we are acknowledged in the circles of our whole community , and by colleagues in study , professors , sheikhs , and others .
Rather , just the opposite .
This decision would harm my reputation and the integrity of those who issued it , and it would weaken the credibility of the organization which they supervise .
The job is not the main goal , and the doors of livelihood are wide .
Thank God we are affluent .
The noble person does not bend down even if he is poor .
So how about if he is really rich ?
My representative , the lawyer , met His Highness the Governor of Riyadh , Salman Bin Abdulaziz .
We objected to the conclusion reached by the committee .
We told him that we were complaining to him to find justice from him regarding those who were unjust to us , since he is the direct authority of those unjust people .
But unfortunately we were surprised that he committed a greater injustice upon us .
He told us : -LRB- If you want to leave the job then Farraj 's job is with me , and you will be held against me . -RRB-
We said : -LRB- The results contradicted the facts of the proceedings . We were not informed until just now of the committee 's final decision . What is needed is to halt the decision of dismissal , especially since it is based on your instruction , until we are given a copy of the committee 's decision so we can respond to it . -RRB-
He called the head of follow - up and said : -LRB- Show them the proceedings . -RRB-
Then he said : " Give me what you have . "
We went to the head of follow - up , who said : -LRB- I do not have the proceedings , but they were issued .
We said : -LRB- You have the decision of the committee .
He gave us an appointment for the next day .
Then he refused to show us the decision of the committee and recited its results to us .
The results contradicted the facts of the proceedings and proved the truth of what we referred to in our main complaint .
So we submitted a letter to the governor of Riyadh in which we contested the committee and its decision , and we explained the reasons for that .
We stressed that the decision for dismissal should be halted .
-LRB- A copy of the letter is attached in the letters and documents section . -RRB-
He ordered the formation of a committee , according to what we were told .
It was explained that this committee was formed of the head of Follow - up Abdullah al - Qarni , the assistant deputy of the municipality , Dr. Ibrahim al - Subaihi , and two advisors of Salman , Faraj al - Asbali and Salih al - Dayf .
So far this committee has not reviewed the proceedings which is what it was supposed to do ,
and Salman has not responded to our request to " halt the decision of dismissal " until the case is finally over .
Then the head of the General Investigation and Prosecution Authority submitted the decision of my dismissal -LRB- for my incompetence during the year of my tribulation and for my lack of confidence and respect -RRB- to the ministry of the interior to get approval for it while he had promised us to reconsider the decision of dismissal and that the issue was still with the committee .
We learned the untruthfulness of what he said .
So we submitted a letter to the minister of the interior -LRB- a copy of the letter is attached in the letters and documents section -RRB- in which we explained that the decision of dismissal violates the system , justice , and the truth since my alleged incompetence during the period of tribulation was answered and refuted by the performance report in which I received the grade of excellent with a percentage of 96 , -LRB- a copy of the performance report is attached in the curriculum vitae section . -RRB-
And my alleged loss of trust and respect requires knowing the crime attributed to me . And whether or not it was a crime that entails loss of trust and respect as stipulated in the civil service regulations issued by decree of the cabinet and crowned with an order by the monarchy ?
It also requires knowing the final judicial verdict issued proving this crime .
Since all of this is incorrect and does not exist , it indicates the falsehood of this calumny .
The proceedings were returned to the head of the Authority with disapproval of the decision of dismissal because of its violation of the regulation .
When checking back with the head of the Authority he promised something good .
It became clear that he returned the proceedings secretly to the minister of the interior requesting approval of the decision of dismissal .
He refused to give us its number or its date , and he kept the issue a secret while he was promising it to us .
It was revealed that the proceedings were returned to him again . And that he justified his refusal of the previous instruction on the invalidity of the decision of dismissal which was according to the instruction of the governor of Riyadh and his insistence on my dismissal .
Then we found out that he had kept the previous decision and its proceedings including all the explanations in it , and issued a new decision through his committee terminating my services without mentioning a reason .
It was signed by the minister of the interior and it was submitted to the monarchy .
It turned out that the person who was refusing to approve the decision of the head of the Authority to dismiss me was His Highness the deputy Minister of the Interior .
Taking into consideration that since we knew that the head of the Authority had submitted the decision of dismissal to the minister of the interior , my lawyer tried to meet the minister of the interior more than once , but he was not able to .
He asked to make an appointment to meet with him and he was given an appointment for three months later .
Two days before the appointment he was notified of its cancellation without being given a new appointment .
He also tried to meet his assistant for security affairs but he could n't .
My lawyer presented to the minister of the interior our second letter -LRB- a copy of which is attached in the letters and documents section -RRB- .
It was referred to the head of the Authority with no outcome .
--------------
Abdul - Rahman2002 says if he were not a religiously committed young man would this conspiracy have been woven around him ?
Oh God , I presented my mother to you in your outstanding month .
You are Generous and Gracious , so honor her abode and make her final resting place good .
owgwo@yahoo.com
Al - Taghlabi al - Dusary
Ah my head ! I got a headache while I was reading I do not believe it at all .
Is this article the beginning of a tragic soap opera which will be broadcast in the coming winter days to force people to stay in their homes and get enthusiastic about this soap opera to forget this chilliness ?
Or is it a soap opera to demonstrate to the people the injustice in which they lived before the rule of the House of Saud over this good country ?
Or is it an actual picture in the country of monotheism and justice ?
The case apparently -- God knows best -- involves a biiiiiiiiig head .
God is greater than everything .
The case has hidden threads .
God knows best .
The case has something in it .
What it is I do not know !
The case has something in it which was not revealed to us .
They may be right in this or they may be first rate evil doers .
In general I 'll say you should do one thing .
If you go to Him and take refuge in Him your problem will be resolved .
Yes , it is God , the One and Only , the Glorious King of kings
Use the arrows of night .
They hit their target .
Peres says : All Qataris Want Hamas .
Al - Wajba .
Al - Wajba salutes you and says : Passing by the Saudi airspace , Peres arrived in Qatar for a short visit to the Qatar Debates program with a special invitation since there will be a miniature democratic seminar to study and discuss a number of issues and the ways of tackling them ...
The Doha Debates are considered to be a miniature source of democracy in a big oasis that gathers the Qataris in a unique mixture of intellectual openness to the world and awareness of all that is happening in an atmosphere removed from any twitching or nervousness in an attempt to solve issues in a totally calm way ..
Qatar 's reception for Shimon Peres came from this angle .. addressing the mind and conversing to create a solution for many pending matters and also to make the Qatari public in particular and the Arab public in general understand what takes place in a democratic atmosphere ..
In Qatar there are many independent universities , both Arab and international , and there are branches of well established international universities .
The invitation was from the Doha Debates program ..
This is a program that gathers together many intellectuals , scientists , heads of state , and others to discuss numerous topics with complete transparency and democracy ..
I was hoping that the Doha Debates program would invite Prince Sultan to ask him about the weapons deal or al - Walid bin Talal to ask him about waste and the launching of the songs channels , or Luluah al - Faisal and her future ambitions ..
Claiming power by being silent is something shameful for some countries as is deluding the people with their silence into thinking that they are powerful while in fact they are hiding their weakness .
I think that dialogue is neither a shame nor should it be rejected ..
You talk to your enemy and discuss with him ..
But the closed door policy .. this is a disaster for the people and a pretense that you are brave through a lying and trumpeting media while in the end you fail in the least confrontation ..
Back to the main issue .. we say who is Peres ?
No one denies that Peres is a criminal .
But who is Peres ?
Peres received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1994 .
He shared the prize with both Yasser Arafat and the Israeli Prime Minister at that time , Yitzhak Rabin .
Peres has a special interest in precision electronics .
In 1997 , he established the " Peres Center for Peace . "
In other words , the man is looking for more peace than war .
There is a difference between holding discussions with a man of peace and holding discussions with a man looking for war ..
Peres is also a man who received the Nobel Peace Prize jointly with Arafat ..
Peres spent money establishing the Peres Center for Peace while Yasser Arafat spent money on his wife .
We have n't heard that he established any organization to support the Palestinian people with that money ..
When he took office as Prime Minister Peres concluded successful transactions to acquire weapons .
He also sought to establish a deterrent nuclear program since Israel owns the biggest nuclear arsenal in the world .
All this was during his tenure .
This means that the man thinks and plans .
This is due to his knowledge and studies in his field of electronics ..
Again we say that knowledge is a powerful weapon for any national progress ..
Peres attained this as a result of .. knowledge and proficiency .. in his personality , which helped give him an edge in confronting any situation by putting him in a position of strength , and not weakness ..
Conversely , we see the squandering of money on the other side for trivial things that do not serve the Palestinian cause and do not serve the Arabs and the Muslims .
We find numerous satellite channels financed by Islamic countries , and we also find numerous princes and kings and presidents who spend large amounts of money on their vacations .
We also find that most of the Arab people and some Gulf people live below the poverty line ..
Furthermore , most of the presidents of the Arab and Gulf states do not have any high scientific degree or any sound plan to build a strong country at the scientific level ..
They do not even have any interest in education or in establishing strong universities in the first place , except for Qatar .
Back to our topic .
Some of those who posted pictures in the forum did not mention the topic and did not refer to the reason for the visit .
They just posted the pictures and commented on the topic from their imagination ..
His Highness the Prince receives the man of peace in Israel in an attempt to bring Hamas and Israel together .
All this in consultation with Hamas in Syria and Palestine so as to bring views closer ..
I think that this approach of holding a meeting between Peres and Hamas without preliminary agreement by the leaders of Hamas basically holds no benefit for Qatar .
Al - Doha - Al - Rayah - Quna :
Yesterday morning His Highness Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al - Thani , the dearly beloved Prince of the country , received in his office in the government building , His Excellency Mr. Shimon Peres , the Israeli Deputy Prime Minister , on the occasion of his visit to the country at the invitation of the Doha Debates program .
The meeting was attended by His Excellency Mr. Ahmed bin Abdullah Aal Mahmoud , the Minister of state for Foreign Affairs , His Excellency Sheikh Abd al - Rahman bin Saud al - Thani , Head of the government building , and Ambassador Ali Fahd al - Hajiri , the Head of the European and American Affairs Department in the Foreign Ministry .
Peres admitted that his country lost the last war in Lebanon .
He said that this war was a loss for Israel from the point of view of many politicians .
In my point of view , every war is a loss because peace is the best option and is required in the coming period for all parties .
In a special episode of the Doha Debates program yesterday , he said that Israel tried to defend itself in the war which it launched against Lebanon recently .
He said that Israel did not have any ambitions there , and its aim was to deter Hezbollah .
He said that he considered the statement of former American President Jimmy Carter on Israel 's oppression of the Palestinians a grave mistake , and he stressed that Carter should withdraw these opinions .
He said that Israel does not have a problem with Iran but they are against Ahmadinejad because of his desire to eradicate Israel .
Peres admitted his failure to achieve full peace and stressed that he regretted that , and he stressed his desire that Arabs and Israelis should live in peace and that the cycle of violence , destruction and murder of innocents should stop .
..
Without dialogue , how would you know the thought of your enemy ? How would you know his plan ? How would you discern whether he is a man who is looking for peace or the opposite ?
An image from the Doha Debates ..
During the program Peres said that Israel lost the war in Lebanon ,, and that their attack was only to deter Hezbollah ..
In my opinion , every war is a loss because peace is the best choice , and is required in the coming period for all parties .
In a special episode of the Doha Debates program yesterday , he said that Israel tried to defend itself in the war it launched against Lebanon recently . And that Israel had no ambitions there and that its aim was to deter Hezbollah .
He said that he considered the statement of former American President Jimmy Carter about Israel 's oppression of the Palestinians a grave mistake , and he stressed that Carter should retract these opinions .
He said that Israel does not have a problem with Iran but that they are against Ahmadinejad because of his desire to eradicate Israel .
Peres admitted his failure to achieve full peace , and stressed that he regretted that , and he stressed his desire that Arabs and Israelis should live in peace and that the cycle of violence , destruction and murdering of innocents would stop .
Peres 's visit to the students ' hall so they could talk to him -LRB- as a man of peace -RRB- and not as a Jew or a war criminal .. that is something normal for any visiting official to be received by university officials .
I think that the picture is normal .
Discussion of the Arab - Israeli situation by the students in a unique democratic oasis in Qatar .
All sides are there .. debating , discussing , arguing in a democratic atmosphere difficult to see in any country ..
I think , in my opinion , that if democracy in some of the neighboring countries is non-existent in the simplest matters related to their personal rights and the demand for them . Then how could they reach to the level of Qatar in gathering this huge number of intellectuals , politicians , and heads of state to discuss sensitive issues that concern the Arab World ?
After Qatar went beyond local democracy and human rights in the country .. praise God and many thanks to His Highness Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa al - Thani , who established democracy and freedom in the country .. and made Qatar a platform for dialogue .. so the discussion took place in Qatar .
There was disagreement and agreement , and that is something normal as a result of the present atmosphere ..
But on the other hand , we find different meetings without any outcome because of the lack of democratic basis for dialogue .
All that results from not accepting various opinions .
Conversely , as a result of the lack of freedom among the Arab people we find that it is America which is in the driver 's seat and steers guests wherever it wants and takes them on tours without any questioning directed at it .
All this marginalizes the Arab individual as though he had no -LRB- mind -RRB- or -LRB- opinion -RRB- , and you find that the areas he is allowed to talk about are women driving in Saudi Arabia and similar useless topics ..
I would like to explain something to the brothers : Peres 's visit is an internal Qatari affair .
It was announced in the newspapers that Peres would visit Qatar , and it was announced in the three Qatari newspapers .
There are writers in Qatar who have positive opinions as well as negative opinions .
This difference is good and something through which nations and people progress .
That is what happened in the forum .
While he was leaving the hall , a student addressed Shimon Peres with the word " terrorist " .. " terrorist " in English , which caused the accompanying Qatari security to intervene to prevent him from continuing .
But the question now is : Who is better .. Peres or George Bush ?
How many did Peres kill and how many did Bush kill ?
Goodbye .
jassem1@hotmail.com
Fahd2000
If a people is hit in the face with a shoe ********* the shoe would cry out , " for what sin am I being hit ? "
This name is used by 17 people from three Gulf States !
For correspondence ..
-LRB- i_am_s4udi@yahoo.com -RRB-
write to the email address and do n't copy it !
The jesting of the pen
Whaaaaaaaaaaat a shaaaaaaame .
The girls of Qatar shake hands with the dirty Jewish men ?
Grief for our Arabism .
Pictures published for the first time on the forum .
I have a comment coming next .
Starting from this date , the first of / al - Muharram / 1428 A. H. the identification was transferred to another writer .
The poor slave
Brother Jasim ... may Allah guide him .
There are at least three defects in this exposition of yours .
First - lack of vision :
You describe the contemporary Qatari situation as just a legitimate quest for scientific and technological superiority ..
If we could agree that we fall behind the Zionists and Americans in such fields ... however the problem lies in ignoring all this clear evidence that the scientific project is nothing but a small misleading part of a campaign meant to change the Islamic Gulf and Qatari identity and to remove its established fixed principles in which they surpass everything that the Zionists and the Americans have .
How can you reconcile the will of scientific and technological progress .. and hosting the Asian Olympics or a military base or a Zionist politician or a program like the Doha Debates ?
So ... the purely scientific and technological side can not justify what is happening in Qatar .
*****
Secondly , the contradiction of principle and the dominance of worldly interests .
In your article here , you justified the legitimacy of hosting Peres from the perspective of exchanging opinions , dialogue , and using intellect ...
Would you have held the same position if a terrorist or a well - known criminal were hosted under the slogan of , the language of reason , friendly media dialogue , and openness to the other ?...
Would you accept it if your neighbor hosted someone who had attacked you ??
So ... there are principles that must be adhered to ..
The most important of them is supporting the truth and loyalty to Muslims even if it goes against narrow personal interests ... and the relationship of Saudi Arabia with the Americans ...
Despite my being convinced that it should be limited after the latter 's aggression , it does not in any way reach the level of the relationship of Qatar with the Americans themselves .
-LRB- The tension in the relations with Saudi Arabia recently and the military base on the Qatari territory despite the state of peace in the region are evidence of that -RRB- ...
So how come Qatar is now adding to this with intimate relations with those whose existence and history and reality are entirely connected to aggression against Muslims .. namely the Zionists !!?
A mistake can not be justified by committing a bigger mistake or proceeding further in it !! .
****
Thirdly , going overboard with freedom :
There is a kind of mania in the field of freedom that makes many people think that every freedom is commendable .. While giving free rein to freedom is a recipe for chaos and corruption .. even in the field of speech or science ...
For example , there is no room for freedom in talking about God and His Prophet and His verses since it comes in the context of what brought the disbelievers to hell .
But we used to embark boldly with bold talkers ..
There is no room for leaving the door wide open for discussing or teaching " science and technology " as the theory of development .. or the theories of Darwin .. or how to make bombs or liquor .. or the creeds of polytheism or excessiveness in regarding others as unbelievers .. or the sciences of judging with anything other than the revelations of God -LRB- except by the way of warning against them -RRB- ..
So ... imposing censorship and certain regulations on the work of educational and media institutions is not a matter for censure or a sign of backwardness ... rather it might be a necessary and urgent requirement ... especially if those in charge of theses institutions are non-Muslims .. or if the ones exposed are our younger generation and the treasures of our nation !!.
You might even be filled with admiration of the contradiction in attitudes when you see the " supporters of freedom " demanding the imposition of government censorship on courses in Koran memorization , charitable institutions , and the pulpits in some of our countries !!!!.
+++
What is happening in Qatar is a political and intellectual penetration in the countries of the region in every meaning of the word ..
The danger they face is very serious ...
Of course , those who want to penetrate us will not declare that ...
Rather , they will hide their aims behind sweet words or promises of providing limited or imaginary benefits ...
Otherwise , we would not be deceived by the trick ...
For many Muslims today their priorities are confused ...
So they weigh things without the guidance of God ...
This is the real reason for our present situation .. not just because of scientific or technological backwardness .
-LRB- You will find the Jews and polytheists the ones most hostile to the believers -RRB- .
-LRB- God forbids you to turn in friendship to those who fought against you with regard to your religion and who drove you out of your homes and who helped others drive you out .
Those who turn to them are evildoers -RRB- .
There are four types of men :
The man who knows and knows that he knows .
He is a scholar , so ask him .
The man who knows but does not know that he knows .
He has forgotten , so remind him ...
The man who does not know and knows that he does not know .
He is ignorant , so teach him ...
And the man who does not know and does not know that he does not know .
He is a fool so reject him ...
Abu Karam
I am a programmer and a computer systems analyst ..
I took a course at the General Administration Institute in the field of computers and Qatari trainees attended the course with us ..
What happened was that after two days those Qataris disappeared and I never saw them again ..
I saw them a week later in the restaurant of the institute .
I asked them " I hope that nothing bad has happened . Where have you been ? you have n't attended with us .. "
They said ,, The lecturer comes in , gives the lecture , and leaves but we do not understand anything even though he is an Egyptian Arab ..
We decided to transfer to a course that is easier than this one in the field of administration .
The director of admissions understood our situation and accepted the transfer to a program in administration .
So why should we go back to Qatar without getting a degree ? "
But you , al - Wajba , are sitting here philosophizing , telling lies , and saying that you have an advanced educational system .
And by the way , there were also Omanis with us , and they completed the course normally with us ..
In the first place , the course was in the C++ language , which is easy , but such is your education that maybe you do , even know anything about Access ..
Anyone who heard you would say that you went into space or that you had separation surgery for Siamese twins ..
I say God have mercy on Mazna .
Assistant 1
Shalom , al - Wajba ... It is really you and not the Qatari people ...
You are a rich meal for every enemy of the Arabs and Muslims ...
Congratulations for having Peres , and shalom to you from Sharon whose health you pray for so he can finish off what remains of Hamas .
Shalom to you and to Peres , but do n't lie and say he came to you through Saudi airspace .
But you are excused since it seems that you do not know where he came from .
I do n't blame you if those who are greater than you do n't enter the American base ......
It is enough that he reached you and you were careful about his security and comfort .
Here is this link .
It will be useful in situations like yours ....
God bless the sheikh , the father whose hand was not polluted by the hand of the " man of peace " as you say , Peres , and remained honorable and dignified .
http://alsaha2.fares.net/sahat?128@247.n9fpcUVKH9b.0@.3ba9b6f7
sul
That idea of the Saudi airspace is nice , but what is nicer than that is playing host to the democratic enemy in your land ...
But my opinion is for you and the Qataris to discuss with him the issue of murdering innocent children and usurping the rights of others .
Or more clearly , you should ask him to explain to you how to hate your neighbors and maybe he would train you in usurping their rights or train you in killing and shedding blood ...
The phrase " away from any prejudice " is also nice .
Do n't you have any feelings of group spirit , my friend ?
What the Jews are doing does not call for any prejudice or bias .
I believe what runs in your veins is not blood but cold water ...
You justify this visit by this person , whose hands are stained with the blood of the Muslims , and you criticize the weapons deals .
This is normal .
These weapons are for defending ourselves against our enemy whom you receive with hugs and so on .. While those who you say are strong are strong indeed , but not with Peres .
They are strong and we wo n't invite them to our country to discuss their culture which we know and you know .
But you are weak , weaker than a fly .
Therefore you are feigning strength with the descendents of monkeys .
Why should we go that far ?
Previously , your foreign minister likened your small country to Israel .
What a bad comparison and what it was compared to !
You greatly admire the Peres 's education and his academic degrees .
Who else other than you would admire that ?
He is your highest ideal ...
If you were a Muslim , and had an atom of religion , you would not have written this article .
I grieve for myself while I am replying to you , but people like you will not be spared because you are a shame to Islam and Muslims .
The most dangerous agreement that disinherits Iraq from its oil resources is being signed whilst the world is occupied with the execution of the presi-
The Killer of the Killed
The most dangerous agreement that disinherits Iraq from its oil resources is being signed whilst the world is preoccupied with the execution of the Iraqi president Saddam Hussein .
The timing of the American administration 's decision to deliver Saddam Hussein to the gallows to coincide with the announcement by the deputy prime minister Barham Salih of the endorsement of the new draft bill on oil resources aroused interest .
The announcement raised fears that the implementation of the death sentence might be used to cover the issue of oil at this time .
The draft of the law was formulated in complete secrecy , away from Iraqi public opinion .
The draft has been in the possession of the American government for some months according to what the US Secretary of the Treasury said during his visit to Baghdad last autumn .
Furthermore , the Baker - Hamilton report about US policy in Iraq stressed that on pressuring to get the new bill issued .
It seems that the endorsement by the US government of the draft bill on the exploitation of the Iraqi national oil resources is much more important to the Iraqi government than showing the draft to the Iraqi people and having it debated by their independent organizations , its intellectuals , its professionals and the general public .
Unfortunately , the government is concerned with consultations behind the scenes with the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank and with the American advisers more than it is interested in bringing about the right climate inside Iraq for exhaustive discussions ending with a calm decision in the interests of the nation .
If this climate was impossible in the light of the Occupation and the savage terrorism circumstances and in the light of the lack of the state 's sovereignty , it would be wiser to postpone the issuing of a new bill incompatible with the precepts of the national oil policy , which has been in existence for half a century , until a time when conditions are suitable for a serious debate and for a wide - scale public participation in the formulation of any serious decision to be taken in this sphere .
However , the government seems subject to the United States ' dictates that have expressed in various ways its insistence on handing over the Iraqi oil resources to foreign companies as one of the main aims of the Occupation .
The government of the previous prime minister , Ibrahim al - Jaafari , made an undertaking to the International Monetary Fund to issue a comprehensive law governing the exploitation of oil resources by the end of 2006 , in preparing for soliciting foreign corporate investment in the Iraqi oil industry with long - term contracts .
Exploration and Joint Production contracts adopted by the new draft bill grant companies immunity from other national laws .
It is well - known that the law drafting peddled by the international " houses of expertise " and organizations such as the World Bank market are usually loosely worded and weak , relegating details of the relationship to the sphere of drawing up contracts between foreign companies on one hand and the government on the other as equal sides .
This takes us back to something like the framework of concessions which were abolished in different oil - producing countries by the nationalizations in the seventies with some important exceptions that relied on the then government 's negotiating ability .
This is what arouses worry at the time of Occupation and in the light of the general collapse , the prevalence of corruption and narrow interests , and in the light of the torn national unity .
The issuing of the new oil bill at the present time represents an introduction to the privatization of the main part of the national oil resources in accordance with the conditions drawn up by the Occupation and the International Monetary Fund .
It is not in the interest of Iraq to submit to these conditions under threat and intimation of demands for the former regime 's debts .
The Occupation has brought Iraq nothing but destruction and corruption and it is impossible to confront except by the strengthening the internal front and the position defending the nation 's rights .
Much journalistic noise was raised abroad about the subject of the oil and the distribution of its revenues to the different areas of Iraq .
This is a cause for caution , because the subject is dealt with on the basis of sectarian or ethnic ownership of the oil revenues , at a time when the question of public participation in the oil revenues is a matter almost decided in the constitution despite the deliberately obscure wording of its paragraphs .
It is clear that the agreement of the current regime forces occurred on the basis of general participation in the oil resources according to the proportion of the population in the regions .
Even the two Kurdish national parties know that the greater part of the resources is situated in the South and that their guarantee of obtaining a high level of the revenue will only happen through the sharing of Iraqi resources as a whole .
As such , the exclusion of an area or another is not the main question .
The fact is that the oil revenues are still passing through " The Iraq Development Fund " under the supervision of the United Nations and the United States in accordance with the Security Council resolutions and , consequently , any agreement between the central government and the regions about the distribution of oil revenues will be subject to the guarantee of the US hegemony .
The subject of oil from a sectarian or regional point of view was not presented except as a cover for the important main questions about the oil policy , these being Firstly : the abrogation of Act 80 -LRB- 1961 -RRB- and its cancellation , by successively handing over unexploited oilfields and areas to foreign companies on the basis of long - term participation in production contracts , instead of developing them nationally by supporting the national oil companies and making use of foreign expertise through short - term service contracts that would leave the wealth in Iraq 's hands . Secondly : the weakening of the Iraq 's negotiating power by weakening the centralization of contracting for the national resources with foreign companies and the instruments of such contracting ; not distinguishing between the need to expand the administrative powers of the companies and institutions on the one hand , and the need for the centralization of the major national economic decisions on the other .
It is illogical for the decision about a specific oilfield to be made centrally and the decision on another oilfield to be made locally , as this mixes jurisdictions and divides power solely at the expense of public interest .
The privatization of the oilfields and new oil areas weakens the currently existing national oil industry .
The issue is not just that of the provision of financial capabilities for investment in the national sector or lack of them , but extends beyond that to reliance on policies for developing Iraqi technological and administrative capacities instead of relying on foreign companies .
Technology does not develop in isolation from the ability to make decisions and in isolation from its relation with society and its institutions .
Foreign companies can come and go without any advanced technology establishing itself in the country .
What is therefore needed is a national oil industry , including a national private sector offering technical oil services , and this is what was not developed during the previous regime and what will hamper it as well is the reliance on foreign companies .
Fourthly : achieving an integrated oil policy in regards to the exploitation of the national gas resources and linking it with the production of electricity , oil refining , the development of different petrochemical industries , and industries reliant on intensive energy use .
On this basis , one must caution against companies that try to invest in the production of crude oil without being prepared to invest in the associated and complementary industries .
Iraq suffered a lot from this situation before nationalization .
Fifthly : the crude oil production sector is not just that of the production fields , but that of facilities and complex production services and of cargo and transport services that require a wide inter-governorate network in which different production units in the country participate .
This requires a national oil policy .
Practical experience shows that following the market system in the sphere of public facilities is an extremely difficult administrative matter and failure in it is almost certain .
It is better to keep these facilities under public administration in all circumstances , and work to develop the administrative capabilities .
A unified national policy is an unavoidable necessity , and regressing on it would compromise national interests .
Sixthly : Break the relationship between oil and national economic development , because bringing up the question of distribution equity on the basis of dividing oil revenues among the regions in accordance with population ratios is a concept to a large extent incompatible with that of exploiting oil resources for development .
The important thing is to move towards investment in a way that will encourage the unemployed production capacities , and that will provide the necessary conditions for an effective , private national activity , not one that relies fully on deals and contracts with the government , whether local or central .
This kind of developmental activity can not be based in a single region or governorate ; instead it requires coordination in accordance with a general national program .
The important thing is not the equitable distribution of investment but the equitable and fair distribution of the benefits of the investment .
As we know , most of the financial investments made by the Reconstruction Council were in the northern region but the most significant impact of its benefits was on other areas .
This was also the case with many of the investments in the seventies , as the greatest part of the major oil and industrial projects , the oil projects and the ports are in the southern region .
Nevertheless , the benefits would have encompassed all if it was n't for the destruction that resulted from the wars started by Saddam Hussein .
The most important thing then is integration and striving to provide the minimum level of basic needs in terms of food , accommodation , education and health for all the citizens without discrimination .
It is unreasonable for us to seek solutions to the electricity problem for each governorate , or that we have local water policies in Mesopotamia .
Seventh : discussions are to be held about the cash distribution of part of the oil revenue ,
and this too will not lead to equity , nor to development and attaining public interest .
It is well known that the notion of the individual cash share from oil revenues is an alternative to the provisions ration , and not a supplement to it .
On the other hand , the effect of this change on inflation and on the extent the minimum level of basic needs would be provided for the poor sectors will be negative , and will have inherently harmful economic effects in the present period due to the lack of conditions for productive economic activity .
Also making this change could provide an additional opportunity for corruption in implementation .
The idea is drawn from the experience of the US State of Alaska , and it means moving away from public investments even in the vital sectors , as it is an alternative to providing electricity , water , health services and public education at affordable conditions and prices .
Finally , oil policy will be an important part of the Iraqi national state reconstruction and its rise from the present destruction .
The invitation is going out to all Iraqi patriots of various political and social hues who believe in the current political process and those who are outside it , and to the local and civil community in general , to reject the idea of a new oil bill being issued at the present time and for it to be postponed for at least a full year to start the debate about the future of the oil policy that stresses peace and the ending of the occupation as the basic requirements for a national oil policy .
As for bringing up hopes of speedy prosperity by accelerating production using foreign companies , that is a mirage as the companies will not come except under favorably secure conditions .
Also , the main economic problems in Iraq currently do not lie in the diminished oil revenue , but in the occupation , the security situation , the widespread corruption and theft , the dissolution of the state , the loss of the oil resources and the breakdown of economic activity .
How similar is present to the past .
The responsibility lies in particular on the shoulders of the members of the current National Assembly , notwithstanding their loyalties , and they must ask themselves : if the Kuwaiti National Council has been opposing for years the foreign oil investment project in Kuwait , and if Saudi Arabia and Iran are still holding to the nationalization of oil in their countries , are they ready to revoke Act No. 80 ?
1st_top
75 % of Iraqi oil to foreign companies and 25 % to Iraqis .
This is what the Americans want and after that they destroy what remains of the nation .
My greetings .
After Forcing Her to Get Divorced , Saudi Woman Prefers Prison to Returning to Her Family
Sarah al - Hamad
The divorce case for inequality in lineage took a new turn , yesterday morning , when the wife refused to be handed over to her relatives in the police station of the governorate of al - Khobar , especially since the Saudi public , which has been following the case , was expecting that it would end after the Supreme Court , which is considered the highest judicial authority in Saudi Arabia , reached a verdict confirming the separation of the couple .
Al - Watan has learned from security sources that the police of the governorate of al - Khobar submitted an official request to the administration of the prison at al - Dammam to bring the inmate Fatima on basis of the verdict issued by the Supreme Court two days ago , and the demand of members of her family to hand her over to them as her sole means of support .
The sources added that when the wife entered the police station of the governorate of al - Khobar accompanied by some female prison guards and security men she was received by some of the members of her family and her mother with the aim of receiving her .
The surprise was the refusal of Fatima to go with them .
In spite of the endeavors that lasted for several hours , her brothers were unable to convince her to go with them to the house of the family in the governorate of al - Khobar .
Officials in the police station of al - Khobar were embarrassed by the situation , because of the wife 's insistence not to go with her relatives .. While the law stipulates that the wife be handed over to them .
So the officials just returned her to the al - Dammam prison to end the issue , and try to convince her in few days .
Source http://www.alwatan.com.sa/daily/2007-01-31/first_page/first_page01.htm .
sarialhamad@yahoo.com
Sari Al - Hamad
You can not light a fire with a wet match
Sari2001
Allah suffices me and He is the best helper .
A word of truth not meant to be false .
mannofy@hotmail.com
NetExpert
Previously an article about the conduct of the husband was published in this forum .
The posting of the article revealed other aspects .
He published copies of legal documents because he wanted to use them to prove that the issue was not based on inequality in lineage , but that it was related to behavioral aspects of the man ,
foremost among them is desertion and abandonment for a long time .
Now the newspapers , which I do not trust , still declare that inequality in lineage is the reason .
In fact , a lot of talk is circulating among people about this issue , because accepting the notion of the possibility of separating a wife from her husband by a decision outside the relationship -LRB- or even inside it -RRB- on the basis of disparity in the relative streams is a matter that robs the society of sleep and causes an exploding moral and social crisis which will have no end .
If what was previously published in the forum is true , that the man was separated from her for other reasons , that would be reassuring .
Anyway , transforming tradition and calling ignorance a legitimate basis for a verdict in a certain case is a matter which can not be accepted , believed , or trusted to be connected with Sharia .
Sharia is unequivocal and straightforward .
No one was forced to accept and consent to any marriage .
The glorious legislator would not have placed the decision of matrimony in the hand of the guardian and put conditions on it , and facilitate a legitimate alternative for him in case of his absence , unless the decision was final .
Then would someone come afterwards to annul this and lean on the -LRB- Revelation -RRB- in such a thing ???
As I said : if it was true that equality in lineage was the reason for the separation then may he perish , may he perish , may he perish !
This is a first and last point of view ...
Al - Ahnaf bin Malik
There is no doubt that Abd al - Rahman al - Lahim and his entourage of pretenders of liberalism are dancing with joy at the judge 's verdict .
They will be eager to exploit these former couples to bid on justice in our country and on our country in western organizations , so political pressure will increase on us to incapacitate the legitimate judiciary .
The problem with al - Lahim and the pretenders of liberalism is that they want to judge our Islamic values by western standards .
That 's why we found al - Lahim impertinently declaring to the newspaper Al - Hayat that this verdict contradicts the articles which the kingdom signed in the memorandum on human rights ...
In the countries of the west , any man is taken to prison when he marries another woman in addition to his wife or when he marries a woman less than 18 years old .
Any father is prevented from interfering in the affairs of his daughter , even if his daughter works as a prostitute , after she is 18 years of age .
In the countries of the west , you are not granted citizenship until you promise to respect the rights of gay men and lesbians .
You are even given a written exam on your attitude towards them ... and much more than that .
The pretenders of liberalism want to exploit our country 's signature on some human rights treaties in order to force our society to accept values and habits they do not recognize .
The case of this couple was exploited by our press which is controlled by the pretenders of liberalism in order to outbid on our judiciary and tarnish its image in front of the people here and abroad .
The judge who tried this case was frank when he based his verdict on the benefit and harm resulting from the continuance of this marriage .
There is no doubt that many sympathize with this woman , and I am one of them .
But there are other girls in her tribe who are not married .
It is our duty to sympathize with their tragedy when suitors shun them .
If the pretenders of liberalism who undertook the defense of this couple have one atom of credibility , they would have exposed to us the other face of this lying and deceitful husband who was exposed by his first wife .
But as usual they do not know credibility .
Rather it is incredibility as long as the margin of freedom available to them to criticize our religion , our values , and our scholars is very wide .
Considering benefits and harms is applied by many countries in their positive judiciary .
But fifth columnists and the allies of foreign embassies who get paid in dollars by western organizations have an agenda and jobs they must do .
Shaja
Separation of the couple for inequality in lineage .
Saudi public opinion has not been occupied lately by a social case as much as it has been by the case of the separation of a couple for inequality in lineage after they had two children and desired to continue their conjugal life .
Days ago the Court of Appeals in Riyadh confirmed the verdict issued by the court of al - Jawf for the couple to separate ..
According to the defense attorney , Abd al - Rahman al - Lahim , this means that the case is closed as far as the judicial aspect is concerned unless new and productive facts come into existence in the case .
I am not here to discuss the judicial verdict , or to proceed in the context of the different viewpoint of the defense .
There is total respect for and confidence in the verdicts of the judiciary .
But what I would like to refer to in connection with this issue has to do with the necessity of educating people about equality of lineage in marriage before one finds oneself involved in the same fate as that of Fatima and Mansour .
There is a large portion of people who get married without keeping in mind - out of ignorance - this issue , which can threaten their family life at any moment when a member of the wife 's family objects to the lineage of the husband .
I declare that I have attended many marriage ceremonies during my lifetime .
But I do not remember even one marriage official who brought up this issue by asking the groom about his lineage before finalizing the contract .
He ought to have done so as long as this issue has such a level of consideration .
It can threaten the family life of the bride and groom at any future moment .
Therefore , the educational and religious institutions in the country are obliged socially to educate the society in a more profound way .
There is no stronger evidence of the ignorance by a large sector of the possibility of separation because of inequality in lineage than the social debate stirred up by this issue , which was not limited to the common people but extended to writers , cultured people , and lawyers , foremost among them the defense lawyer who issued a statement after the verdict was issued by the Court of Appeals expressing that he would continue to stick to his position with regard to the verdict that was issued .
Maybe it is also the duty of our media institutions which presented this case to the public opinion by following the verdict issued by the Court of Appeals with intensive interviews with a number of jurists and scholars concerning this and other issues .
This case revealed that there are many things that we lack knowledge about as a society before we plunge into the debate of issues with others .
Muhammad Sadiq Diyab .
God ... my boat is small ... and the sea is vast .
Ihsas2
/
Your evenings can be meetings ... for easy aims that can be attained
/
Fatima 's recent decision .. a normal reaction resulting from the wrong contact .. between two contradictory currents .. from which she tasted bitterness !
God willing , she will live her life .. peacefully in a sound framework after the end of this stage ..
However informed the passerby may be and whatever his knowledge .. the secrets remain hidden .. in drawers in a container .. and in consequence of this .. Opinions will be read with visions of unequal dimensions ..
/
My prayers for Fatima and for everyone compelled .. for quick relief .. from a god who is with us and our intentions and our deeds ..
he knows best / he is the wisest / he is the most merciful .
/
Your sister / Wad al - Abdullah
/
Sarah al - Hamad
Brother NetExpert
Assuming that the couple 's order of separation is traced to what are referred to as " behavioral aspects " such as the desertion of the husband and a long - term conditional divorce , what should the wife do , I wonder .
Hold on to her husband and prefer prison to going with her mother and siblings ?
Then ... is the court entitled to interfere between a husband and his wife for flimsy " behavioral " reasons which the wife accepts ?
It seems that the supposition to which you referred in your participation is illogical .
And what is " behind the hill " is the issue of " equality in lineage , " nothing else ...
I do not think that there is one Muslim who accepts the verdict of the Supreme Court because it is a racist verdict and blatant interference between a husband and his wife for trivial reasons .
It is really shameful that the judiciary system in our country works to entrench racism in the name of religion .
The Islamic religion is innocent of this ignorance , as we know .
It is also shameful that the poor woman is alone in the dark prison instead of with the relevant charity associations extending a helpful and caring hand to her .
Since when has prison been a social services center ?
Then where is the Saudi Human Rights Society , considering what is happening to this woman ?
Do n't those in charge of the society know that what is happening to the -LRB- Muslim Arab Saudi -RRB- woman harms us all , not to mention that it is a blatant violation of human rights ?
sarialhamad@yahoo.com
Sari al - Hamad
You can not light a fire with a wet match
Ta'abbata Shayan
God suffices for me , and He is the best agent .
Mansour al - Taymani , according to his former wife Ahlam , is a man with drug - related cases against him by the police of al - Jawf .
And morals cases .
The wife appeared on Al - Ekhbariyah channel to expose the man .
Why all this sympathy ?
God suffices for me against you liberals who defamed Fatima .
A question : do n't you think that Fatima was subjected to sorcery by this al - Taymani ?
And say , my Lord , increase my knowledge .
tabt_shaa@hotmail.com ..
Sarah al - Hamad
Mr. Ta'abbata Shayan
The former wife is not a trusted source of information for a very simple reason , namely that she most likely still bears some grudge against her former husband and against the woman who " stole " that husband from her .
Really , what would urge this woman to say what she said about her former husband in a program watched by everyone ?
Does her conduct have any connection with noble morality ?
The ones who defamed the wife , my dear , are undoubtedly the racist judges and the relatives of the wife .
By the way , Ta'abbata , can we say -LRB- by analogy with what you mentioned -RRB- that the racist judges and the wife 's relatives were exposed to the sorcery of the former wife , Ahlam ?
and why not ?!!...
Have n't sorcery and liberalism and other amazing concepts become worn out excuses used by some to avoid facing reality frankly and courageously ?
sarialhamad@yahoo.com
Sari al - Hamad
You can not light a fire with a wet match
Mujahid 2005
Islam has nothing to do with what they do .
Allah suffices for us , and He is the best one to trust .
Everything that is completed has shortcomings --
mua4000@hotmail.com
Ihsas2
/
There is no power or strength except with God ..
/
-LRB- Whoever shields a Muslim will be shielded by God in this world and the hereafter . -RRB-
/
Outstanding .. Ta'abbata Shayan
Be of assistance on the road of goodness .. and the spread of virtue .. and the warding off of negatives ..
-LRB- If any part of the matter were in my hand , no eye would have read it ... and no passerby would have come across it . -RRB-
/
May you and the forums remain above .. those who follow people 's deficiencies and faults .
/
Your sister / Wad al - Abdullah /
Saddam Hussein was able to prove to the world the stupidity of the Rafida .
Talal
Peace be upon you and the mercy of God and His blessings
Yes , Saddam Hussein was able to prove to the world the stupidity of the Rafida .
Do n't you agree with me that the Safavid Rafida revealed to the world their stupidity when they showed the Arabs in general , and the Sunnis in particular , their hidden hatred and limitless detestation , and revealed their dirty plans and policy .
Yes , they are stupid because they revealed their true colors and proved to all Arabs that there are plans for major loathing and hatred for all the Sunnis in the world .
Yes , they are stupid otherwise what is the benefit of executing Saddam Hussein at this time ?
For Saddam Hussein , there was no difference whether he was executed today or tomorrow or on a feast day or otherwise .
Yes , they are stupid because they did not harm Saddam but themselves , as they revealed their wickedness , their cunning and their coming danger and to all Moslems , Arabs and Sunnis .
They were so ensconced in their deep hatred that they did not observe the holy months or at least the rule of law .
Yes , they revealed to all the Arab peoples in Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Libya , Jordan , Sudan , Yemen , Morocco , Algeria , Tunisia and Syria their treachery , loathing and hatred for them .
The idiots gained nothing but the hatred of the nations for them .
Rather they made Saddam Hussein a believing martyred hero .
Why are we sad ?
Many Arabs did not like Saddam and were not happy with many of his deeds , but after his execution in this way everybody sympathized with him .
No one blames Saddam for what he did with those traitors , sons of temporary marriages , Safavids , whose noses he rubbed in the ground .
Yes , these traitors proved that no one but a ruler like Saddam Hussein can make them act straight and control them .
Why do we grieve for a man whose last words were " I bear witness that there is no God but God and I bear witness that Muhammad is the prophet of God . "
All witnessed the execution of the genius brave leader Saddam Hussein , and witnessed his bravery .
Those Safavid Rafida crowded together in front of him , cursing and mocking him as if they were children .
But he stood pround and strong as we were used to him being .
I swear by God if any of these traitors had been in Saddam Hussein 's place you would have seen him weeping , begging or at least fainting more than once .
These idiots did not know that they had made a martyred , believing hero out of Saddam .
They only proved to the world his bravery and his might and , on the other hand , they proved to the world their hidden hatred and their lack of manners .
The mentally deranged Moqtada Perfidy -LRB- one becomes aware that he is a child if he speaks -RRB- also al - Hakim -LRB- the greatly malicious one -RRB- and Al - Jaafari and Al - Maliki and Muwaffaq al - Rubaei and many of those traitors were also preent so that they could satisfy their thirst for revenge on a leader whose bravery and struggle the world attested . and who suppressed those traitors who only worked for the interests of a hostile foreign state -LRB- such as Iran and America -RRB- .
Why this mockery and shouting of petty slogans such as " Saddam go to hell " and " down with the tyrant " and others ?
Was n't there a sensible man amongst them ?
Yes , those Persian Safavids proved without doubt to the world that they do not use reason in their dealings , but that they deal in hate and loathing .
Yes , those idiots proved that they are behind everything that is happening to the Sunnis in Iraq and all this is no one 's setup but theirs .
Do n't those stupid traitor Safavid Rafida collaborators know that they have not hurt Saddam but themselves ?
For they proved to the world that they are a stupid people , a people of hate , a people who loath the Sunnis all over the world .
We know that Saddam was not ever a traitor or lackey but that he was a brave militant leader and died a martyr .
We know that an offer was made to Saddam to save his skin , leave Iraq and live as a political refugee in any state he wanted but he considered it a betrayal and continued struggling until he was martyred .
We know the Americans offered Saddam Hussein his release when a prisoner , to go to any state he wished in return for stopping the Mujahideen but he refused and considered it a betrayal .
We know that whoever overthrew Saddam Hussein was none other than your crusader masters and that you are too small to overthrow Saddam Hussein , and that you are nothing but lackey traitor scum .
We know that your hatred of your master and executioner Saddam Hussein only comes from the fact that he is someone who knew how to keep you in check and trampled on your necks with his shoes for more than thirty years .
That 's why all nations of the world do not blame Saddam at all , and realize that it was the hidden hand of the Rafida and the Persians of Iran that were behind what happened in Halabja but Saddam struck them with a fist of iron .
The Rafida and the Persians of Iran were the hidden hand in the assassination attempt against him in Dujail but Saddam struck them with a fist of iron .
The Rafida and the Persians of Iran were the hidden hand behind the failed coup attempt in '91 but Saddam struck them with a fist of iron .
The Rafida and the Persians of Iran were the hidden hand behind the al - Khobar explosion in '96 and also the Lebanon War in as well as the current sectarian war in Iraq .
Only an ignorant human being would blame Saddam .
Praise be to God that the way of executing Saddam Hussein was the most clear message to all Arab leaders and peoples that the Rafida and sons of temporary marriages are evil and danger has come near , take care , take care .
Talal
Saddam 's last words before his martyrdom spoken to the Rafida present in front of him .
Hurray ... this is what real manliness is !
Especially as those magi did not begin to shout until the rope was placed around Saddam 's neck -LRB- all of this was of course cowardice and terror of the Lion -RRB- .
May God have mercy on you Saddam and forgive you .
-LRB- Glory be to the Lord and praise , glory be to the Lord Almighty -RRB-
Ibn Malik
May God lead you on the right way , brother Talal ...
By God , their stupidity was well - known before Saddam .
Just read their books to find out how similar they are to the greedy banana - eaters .
Talal
Ibn Malek Thank you for passing by .
Glory be to the Lord and praise , glory be to the Lord Almighty
Talal
To the descendents of the Magi and Rafida everywhere -LRB- starting with Allawi and his putrid gang to Al - Maliki , and passing through their mullahs Khomeini , Al - Sistani - and Baqir - to the last dirty one of them .
They taught us that we should not extend them our hands although they said we are all Moslems .. and that if we debate them each of us needs to take his shoes with him ... as you ca n't be safe from their deceit and their thievery .
Those unclean abominations ... they are not governed by conscience nor religion nor custom nor morals , anyone who wants to feel safe with them has to feel safe from the bite of the snake in its own hole .
Miqdad your words are beautiful .
Glory be to the Lord and praise , glory be to the Lord Almighty
A Saudi woman issues a voice recording in which she mourns her brother and demands the punishment of his killers .
HAD1999
In a unique way , a young Saudi woman has resorted to issuing a sound tape in which she mourns her brother murdered in Hafr Al Batin , in the hope of rekindling interest in his case , in which 3 young men were accused of killing him and which has not so far been resolved .
The tape contains excerpts of poetry , dramatic voice recitals , detailed accounts of the young man 's murder circumstances of the background to the investigation of the case for which the young woman is demanding expedited proceedings and punishment of those involved .
The details of the case go back 4 years to the time when the girl 's brother , Abdullah Khaled al - Harbi -LRB- 18 years old -RRB- , and his friend were murdered on the first day of Eidul Adha 1423 H .
3 young men were accused of killing both , and were investigated .
Incriminating evidence was found despite denials by two of them and a confession to the crime by the third , according to the report prepared by colleague Safr Al - Azman and published by the Saudi paper " Al - watan " .
The girl said that the idea of the tape was born following failure to obtain response to her demands that the investigation proceedings be expedited and the accused tried .
She indicated that she had been working on the tape for about a year , writing its poems .
She also wrote stories based on the incident and backed them up with religious hymns , chosing " A Cry of Pain " as its title .
For his part , an unnamed source from the Public Investigation and Prosecutor 's Board in the Eastern Province explained that the case in question had been brought before the authorities concerned after it was returned from the Hafr Al Batin Court , indicating that the case had the attention of both the Prince of the Eastern Province and his deputy and that they were following up on it .
The source disclosed that the case against the accussed had been re-opened following the formation of another high - ranking board that includes a number of investigators from the Ministry of the Interior who were moved to Central Investigation in the town of Dammam .
Say something good , or be silent .
Ten ways to build a flexible personality -LRB- not to be missed -RRB- .
Grinch
In the name of God the Compassionate , the Merciful .
Blessings and peace be upon the most noble of prophets and the messengers , our Lord Mohammed and on his family and all his companions .
Peace be upon you and the mercy and blessings of God .
I found a splendid subject during surfing the world of the Net .
I hope you like it .
It is called " Ten ways to build a flexible personality " .
What distinguishes us as people is the independent personality whether strong or weak , hesitant or fickle , balanced or extreme .
The building of a strong flexible personality is considered a personal journey in itself as it passes through a number of phases and stages , and is done through strengthening and building and refining .
I do not believe that one possesses a strong personality by nature , but one does possess the basics .
This is necessary because what comes later is the real basis for determining personality .
The American Psychological Association produced a guide called " The Way to Flexibility " aimed at building and reinforcing the flexible personality and training people wanting to attain such a personality easily .
Here are the most important of points for you :
1. The creation of social relationships : the establishing of good relations with members of the family or friends is considered to be a very important matter , as well as the acceptance of help and support from those who care about you because it acts to strengthen flexibility .
Many people also find that joining and entering civil and the other local groups that support the community helps them regain hope , and also helps other individuals in society .
2. Avoiding seeing crises as insurmountable problems : you might not be able to change the fact that annoying incidents happen but you can change the way you interpret them and your reaction to these incidents .
Try to see beyond the present and think that the future circumstances will be better .
Always put your confidence and your belief in a better tomorrow , this day will surely come .
3. Accept that change is part of life : you might not be able to achieve some of the aims because of certain circumstances but accept that the current situation and the fact that you can not change it may play a part in your acceptance of reality and pay attention to other projects in life .
Do not stand and cry over the ruins .
4. Move towards your goals , develop some realistic goals .
Do things systematically - even if it seems like small achievements , they are nevertheless some sort of steps on the way forward .
Instead of concentrating on tasks which seem unachievable , ask yourself : " What can I achieve today ? "
5. Take decisive steps : take decisive steps instead of withdrawing completely from problems and pressures and fleeing from them .
Decisive decisions will cut the doubt with confidence , strengthen your determination and make you tougher in dealing with the consequences and in benefiting from mistakes .
6. Look for opportunities to discover yourself : people are always discovering new things about themselves , they realize that they have matured in some way or other as a result of their previous experiences .
Most of the time people who have gone through harsh experiences say that they have gained from their experiences and have become better people , their personality has grown stronger and their feelings have grown stronger as well as their confidence in themselves .
7. Nurture the positive point of view in yourself : we are not asking you to become over - confident in yourself , proud and arrogant towards others , but that you become confident in your abilities to work and achieve .
Do not blame yourself too much because you will collapse at the slightest problem .
Keep things in perspective : even when you face very painful events , try to consider them an exhausting phase in the course of life , and that life is bigger and wider than this problem .
Avoid exaggerating events and problems , keep things in perspective so as to be able to overcome them easily .
Keep an optimistic frame of mind : even if the room for hope has faded in the eyes of many and you too , keep a positive frame of mind vis--vis the future , try to imagine what you want and not the problems that will hit you .
Take care of yourself : pay attention to your own needs and your feelings .
Take part in activities which you enjoy and in which you relax .
Practice sport regularly to obtain the physical benefit , maintain your mind and your nutrition and your health to guarantee that you reach the highest levels of personal flexibility .
The beloved Prophet , the best of blessings and peace be upon Him , said " Your self has a claim upon you . "
May God grant you success .
Grinch
It is said , " Do not be soft as to be squeezable , nor so hard as to be breakable " ... that means the search for balanced flexibility .
Sweet Natured
You reminded me of a Hadith , that the prophet , peace and blessings be upon him , liked optimism .
I thank you very much , my dear , for your valuable subject .
Your brother Sweet Natured .
Carrier of the Gazelle
May God reward you for what you have written
Grinch
The precious dear Sweet Natured You are worthy of the name .
I thank you for posting and for being a good visitor .
Your comments and participation have greatly honored me .
May God reward you .
Grinch
May God reward the Carrier of the Gazelle for this good invocation .
By the way , I have been greatly honoured by your 1000th participation .
Grinch .
Always remember that your reply to my subject was participation number 1000 .
I thank you because you are always first to do good .
Accept my love .
Carrier of the Gazelle .
The honor is mine , may God guard you from everything bad .
I wo n't forget this thing .
Good Willed
Thanks , and God 's bless you .
Grinch
I thank you my pious brother , Good Willed
God 's bless you and guide your steps to good , and God make you someone he is satisfied with and who is satisfied with him .
Accept my love .
Bengalis Rape Minor Sudanese Girls
The Truthful Dawn
A group of Bengali soldiers participating in the United Nations forces in southern Sudan raped several minor girls .
This news was published by a British newspaper months before it was published in a Saudi newspaper : A Bengali guard at a mosque raped a Saudi child in addition to dozens of crimes which are committed by Bengali workers in Saudi Arabia .
These people are really strange .
To correspond with me abomnaf@hotmail.com
I am the Arab
Even Sudan was not safe from them ?
God suffices for me and He is the best one to trust .
------------------
A free pen .
ana_free11@hotmail.com
Worry destroys the stout with thinness *** and makes white the forelocks of the lad and makes him grow old .
In this user I the Arab , and free pen and other males and females write
-LRB- ana_alaraby@hotmail.com -RRB-
Urgent : An Overt and Direct Message of Threat to Saudi Arabia and Saudi Arabia Replies ..!!
Al - Fahlawi
Al - Arabiya :
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki considers the execution of Saddam as an internal matter and threatens to reexamine relations with any country that refuses to respect the will of the Iraqis in carrying out the execution on the holiday .
_________________________
I remembered after this news the saying of the fly to the mountain : Hold on well because I intend to fly .
Really the worst misfortune is that which calls for laughter ..
As if I know , you are complaining about the headline of the subject which contains resounding words such as " urgent " and " threat . " !!
In fact I do not blame you because that government which is called the Iraqi government does not reach the level of attracting the attention of the Arabs . And because its positions are known beforehand -LRB- acting as an agent .. filthiness .. vulgarity of words .. political ignorance ... etc. -RRB-
The evidence of that is that the Saudi Crown Prince replied to this dirty message before its declaration . Since he declared yesterday that Saudi Arabia will not interfere in the affairs of Iraq and encourages its sons to reunite .
______________
What quasi-men is Iraq afflicted with ?
What dirty agents are those who turn the rudder of governance in Iraq ?
Let this quasi-man called Nouri al - Maliki know that when troubles come , after God , Saudi Arabia and Egypt are the impregnable dam for everyone in whose heart throbs an atom of faith and manliness and Arabism .
To correspond with me use the following address : http://AbuAbdullaah.arabform.com .
Your brother / Abu Abdullah .
Qays the son of his father
Let the threats come ; your threats wo n't harm me *** Does the buzz of the wings of flies harm anyone ?
Does history repeat itself ?
Nouri al - Maliki 's situation will be like that of Ibn al - Alqami after his great treason in the murder of the Caliph of the Muslims al - Mustasim .
He who has high status does not carry a grudge .......... He who has anger in his nature does not attain greatness .......
For correspondence ghais2001@hotmail.com
gwardyola
Your government does not honor any Arab state by having relations with it ...
The day will come when you will be gone as a result of this deed of yours .
As for the relations with the Arab states and your government under the shadow of occupation , let them be gone unmourned , you subordinate Safavid executioner ...
By the will of God , your government agent will soon not exist in the land of Mesopotamia ...
gwardyola
Last Request
He must make threats , run away , and groan ..
These are the instructions of the bedbugs Bus -LRB- Bush -RRB- , otherwise they will make him fly as they have made others fly .
I am sure that all his statements come by e-mail from the White House .
Great minds have goals ,,,, while others have wishes .
Rajaaa100@Hotmail.Com .
Leader of the great legions
I have never in my life seen a president of a country more stupid than the president of the United States ..
A stupid president in every meaning of the word ...
He dragged his country and the Arab region into a quagmire ... and stupidly gave Iraq to Iran in such a way that would make a reasonable person think that there was a secret agreement between Bush and Iran to deliver Iraq .
I am telling al - Maliki and the other henchmen of Bush .... not to overstep his status ...
He is just a weak and powerless person ...
His country is being run by the mullahs of Iran and he is just a trivial toy in the hand of Muqtada al - Sadr and al - Khomeini ... like it or not , despite Bush ...
The evidence is the trial of Saddam which God exposed to everyone , Arabs , non-Arabs , and Westerners ....
I really see destruction and evil spreading , encompassing Iraq .
We are on the verge of destruction and ruin , very close in Iraq , incomparable to what happened to it in previous years ...
Rather , Iraq will be a theater of major war operations which may be nuclear , burning the green and the dry , and turning Baghdad into the remains of a city inhabited by crows and the riding animals of the graves .
I call upon my Sunni brothers to leave and avoid the fire of civil strife with the impure Shiites .
May God fight them until God accomplishes with them what happened to the Rafidites and Shiites of Satan , and with His might may He use the transgressors to destroy the transgressors .
Thanks to al - Fahlawi ....
I enjoyed the simplicity of exposition and how close the words were to the heart and mind ...
Many happy returns each year .
On behalf of the leadership of the great legions ....
Leader of the great legions
What 's happening now reminds me of the film Fahrenheit 9/11 by the director Michael Moore which revealed the real personality of the cowboy and spoiled child of the Bush family , George W. Bush , on behalf of the leadership of the great legions ....
Bread Seller
Regards ..
Sorry brother -LRB- al - Fahlawi -RRB- .. I was late in entering a comment ,,
We tell al - Maliki .. The execution of Saddam is not an internal matter ..
Those who overthrew his regime and arrested him are the armies of the coalition , and not the army of the government of al - Hakim and Muqtada .
Thus the debate on the issue of his execution and his trial should have been an international matter for which an international court was formed ..
Even the moderates among the American politicians have stated so ..
Anyway .. al - Maliki .. knows the disgraceful situation over which he presides ..
After his ratification of the implementation of Saddam 's death sentence .. he sensed the danger and fear of what he had done , which al - Hakim and Muqtada had involved him in , and behind them the Safavids .
In a press interview conducted with him immediately after the ratification , he expressed the wish that his tenure would end soon and that he would not accept renewal .
The bitter truth is that .. this government came through a forged legitimate way .. whose mask will be revealed in the near future ..
God is the one from whom help is sought ..
Above all those who have knowledge is the All - Knowing ..
Al - Fahlawi
Al - Asha :
May you be safe and healthy every year , my eminent brother ..
You are really truthful , my brother al - Asha , but I wish they knew ..
There is much evidence against the Rafidites in particular ..
Perhaps the most important of them is the " Shah of Iran " and how he " spoiled " after they ate his flesh and threw away his bones ..
God , hasten the destruction of America and its agents ..
Thank you brother al - Asha and I was happy to see you and your participation
______________________
The Clever
May Allah greet you and honor you my excellent maternal uncle ..
Believe me .
What you mentioned , despite its importance , is considered a drop in the ocean of Safavid Zoroastrian treachery ..
My teeth drip blood on these traitors because of what I have read and what I have followed ..
But we do not say anything except that troubles will befall a person who transgresses .
I thank you very much for honoring us by passing by and for your kindness ..
May God grant us and you success , and may He give our eyes and your eyes the pleasure of seeing the death and destruction of the traitors .
To correspond with me use the following address : http://AbuAbdullaah.arabform.com .
Your brother / Abu Abdullah .
Al - Fahlawi
I thank all brothers for their pleasant interaction on the subject ..
I apologize to everyone for the late and collective reply ..
This is because I was away from the forum these days .
Again , thank you all very much .
To correspond with me use the following address : http://AbuAbdullaah.arabform.com .
Your brother / Abu Abdullah .
A New Scandal : The Lebanese Hezbollah .. Buying People and Exploiting Their Needs .
My head is raised
Although snakes may be soft to the touch , ...... when turned over they have harmful fangs .
Some were astonished by the number of people who are staging strikes in Lebanon and who oppose the legitimate government of al - Siniora , and who considered this as mobilization on the part of Hezbollah and its supporters and a confirmation of the strength of this organization .
But the truth is completely different from that , since the majority of strikers are jobless and they have found in these strikes something that provides them with money , shelter , and food . Especially after it became clear that these strikers are paid money by Hezbollah .
Each striker is paid $ 20 a day .
Imagine a Lebanese family on strike .
There are five members , for example , so they will get $ 100 a day , which is a large sum for them that they would not get under any circumstances , except through this strike which they wish would last forever .
Hezbollah buys these people and exploits their needs to achieve a goal and political aims ..
It is noticed that the officials in Hezbollah prevent any stranger from entering the places of the strikes or trying to get in touch or talk with some of the strikers for fear of revealing these secrets .
The senator ..
Nothing new my brother as implied by the title of the subject , because Hezbo Allat trades at the expense of the Lebanese .
And the most important thing on its agenda is to take over the reins of power to continue the march of its service to Iran .
I am Muslim
Hahahahahahaahahhahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahah . hahahahahahahahaha
And you -- how did you find out the secret , you dangerous person ? Zzzzz
And not the Mossad , sheikh .
The senator ..
The habit of Shiites is lying and trickery , and deceit .
My head is raised
My brother the senator . Yes , this is the truth .
Hezbollah is trading in the Lebanese people to serve its aims and the aims of those who stand behind it .. the interests of the party today are with Iran and Syria , and here it is serving them with all its strength ...
Accept my respect .
My head is raised
My brother . The facts are clear and do not need further explanations .
Last week I was in -LRB- Beirut -RRB- on a special visit .
I have relationships with many Lebanese -LRB- Sunnis and Shiites -RRB- and I saw what is happening on the ground of reality .
The thing is no secret , and any visitor who is eager to know these facts can reach them .
I'll mention to you a report written by an American writer who speaks about some of these issues , particularly the attempt of Hezbollah to obscure the facts related to the strikes and prevent their disclosure .
My regards to you .
Kissinger
How cheap by God !
Intellectual of the top
Brother , my head is raised .
Peace to you and God 's mercy and blessings .
Yes , we have heard such talk more than once , in addition to the sums of money they are being provided with clothes .
They try to recruit them from the areas of the south known for extreme poverty .
All these expenses are paid by the Iranian government which is trying to control the region , whether in Iraq or Syria or Lebanon .
This is a new scandal for this party which is exploiting the needs of the people to implement its plans .
And peace to you .
The Imagination99
Confirming the words of brother , my head is raised . This is the source of the news .
http://www.al-majalla.com/ListNews.a...=1175&MenuID=8
My head is raised
Yes , how cheap , really , to buy attitudes , allegiances , values with a bunch of dollars ..
Honorable people are not bought .
Thank you ..
My head is raised
Intellectual of the top Have a pleasant evening .
The strange thing is that we find people who try to deny the existence of things such as these .
I think he knows the truth but because of doctrinal positions or financial gains or certain political inclinations you find him closing his mind , throwing these facts behind his back , and enjoying the attempt to promote and polish falsehood .
My regards .
Oh God the Protector -LRB- Hell in an Egyptian Village and Gas Bottles Flying Around -RRB-
Hani Ghazal
Hell in the village of Maniat Samanoud .
A gas bottle vehicle exploded and turned the town into a mass of fire .
Sahar died from a heart attack , and the officials moved six hours after the accident .
.
The vehicle totally burned , and behind it the bottles .
Reporting : Mohamed Badra
At three - thirty in the morning , the residents of Maniat Samanoud village came out to sounds of tremendous explosions , as if a battle of a war had been launched .
They were surprised by the gas bottles flying in the sky and falling over nearby houses , which led to fires and cracks in the houses from the power of the explosion .
Sahar Mohamed Al Baqtarsi - 35 years old - died , suffering a sudden heart attack from the horrendousness of the surprise .
Al Wafd met with a number of residents .
The accountant , Ibrahim Abu Seif , says that the village warehouse bottle vehicle was coming , loaded by one of the gas companies in Samnoud city .
Village residents were surprised as it entered from the side of the bridge when fire came out from the back of the vehicle .
They informed the driver and asked him to take the vehicle outside the residential block and leave it before any explosion could happen .
The driver sped up , but he noticed the intensity of the fire in the back of the vehicle .
So he stopped the vehicle in front of traffic at the end of the residential block , in front of some houses and the mixed Nasser Preliminary school .
He left it there , fearing it would explode while he was inside .
Immediately after he left it , the explosions started , and the residents came out with the sound of loud explosions .
Everybody trotted outside their houses to Samanoud city , fearing another disaster .
" The village residents went out before dawn to the sound of explosions and learned that the bottle vehicle of the village bottle warehouse was on fire and that there were bottles in it .
The bottles started to fly over the nearby houses , which caused cracks in the houses , " said Ihab Abu Shehata .
Abd Al Hamid Jaber Abu Ghoneim , the owner of a grocery booth , says several flaming bottles fell over the booth , set it on fire , and totally destroyed it .
Mahmoud Mahmoud Al Belehi , the owner of a house close to the fire , confirms that the house was cracked when a charge of bottles entered the house and a fire started in it , cracking the ceiling and walls .
Sahar Kamal was the owner of the house facing the fire , which was totally destroyed , because more than one flaming bottle fell on the two - story house , one apartment on the first floor and two apartments on the second floor , and caused a fire that destroyed all the contents of the house .
She became homeless .
One of the charges hit the village water tank , in spite of the tank 's height .
The village residents also confirmed that none of the executive agencies moved , although the residents called the Aga City Council .
No one moved .
They stayed asleep until the morning , 4 or 5 hours after the explosions , fires , and the disaster ended .
Click on the link below .
Unique of his type .
There is no power but with God the Greatest .
May God have mercy on those who died .
We ask God the Glorious for a quick recovery for the injured .
Accept my regards , brother Hani Al Ghazal .
Patriot
You scared me , man .
I expected it in a country we love , me and you .
The message arrived .
Thank yooooooooooou .
Hani Ghazal
Oh God , Amen .
Good morning , brother Farid
Hani Ghazal .
Unfortunately , but its share is coming on the way to destroy and tear it apart piece by piece .
Good morning .
Hey , folks in Al - Qasim , is the news I heard true ?
Honestly , I did not believe it .
Nasri
I was talking to a young man from al - Qasim this afternoon on the Messenger ,
and he gave me this news that hit me like a bolt of lightening .
He said : there is a women 's coffee shop in Barida , and he gave me its name - " Jothun " .
What 's going on , folks ?
A women 's coffee shop , and where ! In Barida !
Anyways , I did not believe it .
I sat down in the evening to read a book , but I could n't .
" A women 's coffee shop in Barida " just locked into my mind .
as if I could feel the sights of the Barida people on that coffee shop -LRB- with a disco -RRB- I sat imagining that coffee shop .
As soon as you think of that coffee shop , the modern means of doing something sinful comes to your mind -LRB- text messages -RRB- , sealed with the words -LRB- sin and spread it -RRB- .
I sat imagining that coffee shop in its place
I imagined the organization surrounding it ,
I imagined the bearded ones speaking about women who came to sip cappuccinos ,
Drinking that coffee is forbidden by its very name , as everything that is unknown is forbidden .
You will not find " mocca " you will find the Al - Rasini blend .
By God , please , -LRB- a male reciter of the Koran who blends coffee -RRB- , I mean , a male coffee blend .
What will they offer there ?
Will it be the Qasimi kalija fresh from the bakery to the table ?
Will fatit take the place of gateau and tiramisu ?
We will not find croissants , to be replaced by the same letter -LRB- " carath " -LSB- = leek -RSB- and hot bread -RRB- ,
Will a bunch of be-socked and be-gloved ladies storm that place to report back to their husbands what is happening there ?
Will they volunteer to spread revivalist consciousness among the women -LRB- take your copy -RRB- made up of a bag containing books of horror stories + gloves + socks + the Virtues of Staying Home tape or the tape on Forbidden Acts in Shopping Malls ,
And so you will not smell the scent of perfume there , perhaps the fragrance of agarwood and frankincense , and maybe henna , the make - up of the women from the revivalist movement
and given the hallucinations of the revivalist women about the Evil Eye , there is no objection to a young girl doing the rounds with a cup into which all present will spit because a girl who visited the place yesterday evening had developed a headache and minds veered towards the illness of the revivalist women -LRB- the Evil Eye -RRB-
Aaaaahhh , how I wish to be standing now in that place
If you were saved from the lion do n't start wishing to hunt it Mona Lisa
Praise be to God
..
This is a good deed from amongst my good deeds on the forum , that I made such creatures get out of here and shut the door behind them
do not forget this service of mine and do n't be afraid
I have forgiven you with a penalty clause
Thanks
Do not stare at the sun to find out its secrets , you might become blind
Invulnerable
It seems my transmitted reply angered you more , Nasri , because I can see you .. have responded twice , I do not know whether out of hallucinating or the foolish talk from Saturday and Sunday .
The blame is on the poster and it might have been a female , I mean , not a male .
Anyways , it does not bother me whether you get your head angry or content , as it is nearer to it all .
I liked the reply of No. 69 , I asked it in the eighties and especially as the question was about you moving from one predicament to a lesser one .
We are waiting for the answer from you , Cafe Al - Rasini
Women are of two kinds : one who makes a home for the man and one that makes a man for the home , the second is greater .
hawawy100@hotmail.com
Nasri
My brother Salaam 88 : Thank you for the present ,
Your present has been accepted .
My brother The Freedom : I did n't understand what you mean ?
My brother Abdullah : Thank you for gentle response .
My brother Numas My great respects for the al - Qasim people !
But constructive criticism even if satirical does not offend .
Do not be sensitive to this degree !
If you were saved from the lion do n't start wishing to hunt it
Mim
Nasri A simple question I swear I do n't mean anything ... and I am not joking Are you a Sunni Moslem ??
-LRB- If you wish to answer me to my private email , you can do so -RRB-
--------------
Abu Mohammed .
Ready For the Forum
A word to the moderators ... Do n't the people of this country , who have been badmouthed by this deviant , deserve respect from you ?
Do n't the members who belong to it deserve respect from you ?
Are n't the Islamic principles and religious precepts which this relapsed person has made fun of value to you ?
Moderators , you have disciplined , limited and deleted postings lighter than these ...
This member provokes the members , posters and readers with his postings and replies , and defames this forum at other forums ..
This sick person has exploited the free space made available to him to abuse religion , principles and members .
For this reason , it is a negative freedom that does n't work with this sick person .
Freedom is for those who research , debates and proposes serious matters about which he exchanges opinion and thoughts with others in respectful way .
But to badmouth a broad cross - section of the community and make fun of those posting under the pretext of " satirical criticism " , is acceptable neither to yourselves nor to your nations ..
God knows what the intentions are .
ageel-al9labah@hotmail.com..@z@aabalsaah
Ready for the Forum
Brother Mim .. This sick person is looking for notoriety
He presents the liberals ' annoying and distressing subjects , then searches in Google to see who copied a subject and who spoke about it ...
The most important thing for him is to become famous ... even at the expense of his honor , if he has any
.. otherwise , what normal , reasonable person gets abused and insulted in a forum , then directs others to that forum , and links to where he was insulted to prove his notoriety !!
I hope the moderators will take serious action against this sick person ..
Because normal people have been stopped ...
and what about this mental ?
ageel-al9labah@hotmail.com..@z@aabal-Saah
Mim
Brother Ready for the Forum Thank you for the brief introduction to Nasri
But I still insist on hearing the answer from him directly , my question is still open .
I repeat and I say it again ... If you want it to the private mail , I have no objection .
Only God brings success , no one else .
Nasri
Our sister Hissa Machiavelli It seems that your aspirations are in conflict with your desires just as the first part of your handle cancels its last out .
The disadvantaged wishes and the strong acts , and you have disadvantaged yourself to satisfy others .
However , your contradictory handle has enabled me to invent myself a contradictory handle and call it The Unfaithful Divorcee .
It is shameful to decide that our desires are the correct act , and that they are the ideal for life .
Perhaps this is as a result of a concealed pride , but why do you judge the acts of others as sick and yours as perfect ?
The same rationale that allows you to judge the acts of others has allowed us to judge you !!
My brother Misu It seems that your insults are of two kinds : one encoded and the other decoded .
If only you would encode all your replies !
If you were saved from the lion do n't start wishing to hunt it
Stay away from the sophisms of the Black Bat and read the opinion of Salman Al - Ouda on Saddam Hussein .
The Arabized Arabs
The well - known Sheikh Salman Al - Oadah in his fair talk about Saddam Hussein , his trial and execution in such a brutal manner , crossed the t's and dotted the i's . and put an end to the argument regarding the deeds of this man
Here is what the Sheikh said as quoted from his website Islam Today : --
Then His Excellency was asked about the execution of the former Iraqi president , Saddam Hussein
He responded that " he was greatly sympathized with by the Arabs and Moslems as his execution came at an outstanding time .
If it had been asked to chosen a time , he would not have found a better and more outstanding one than this one .
and he said that he was a Sunni Moslem from the community of Moslems and that he prounounced the Testimony of Truth at the last moment of his life .
So may God have mercy on him and may God 's forgive us and him .
As it is said in the Hadith , whose last words in this world were ' There is no God but God ' will enter paradise .
He also quoted the hadith of Ibn Masud in Sahih al - Bukhari : " a man amongst you may do evil deeds till there is only a cubit between him and the Hell Fire , and then what has been written for him decides his behavior , and he starts doing deeds characteristic of the people of Paradise . " .
Then he added that Saddam was not tried by a legal or Sharia court but by a sectarian court .
http://www.islamtoday.net/pen/show_articles_content.cfm?id=64&catid=195&artid=8476
This handle was passed to another person ...
al_arabmsb@hotmail.com
The Windy
By God , it is with subjects such as these that you lose more than you gain .
" Thought is integrity and pompous rhetorical writing is vanity , so chose which ever you want "
The Revivalist Youth
......
The title is very bad
Salman Al - Oadah made a general statement that even the Black Bat himself agreed with .
But when the talk is about Saddam Hussein himself and his deeds - or rather say his crimes - no two people differ about him deserving liquidation and execution .
But we have to contemplate the way in which he was tried and the mechanism for carrying out the sentence and the interfering and controlling Rafida hand in this aspect so that he was only tried for his case against the Shia .
I acknowledge his manliness , his steadfastness and his courage in going to the gallows and his response to those around him .
I rejoiced greatly that he ended his life with stating the creed , but that does n't make me consider him a martyred hero , and his history bears witness to tyranny and injustice !!!
......
For speedy correspondence ...
at the end of the night come prostration in prayer , and tears on both cheeks ... cares are removed , and the feverish heart is eased ..
fataalsahwah@hotmail.com .
The Arabized Arabs
Warm welcome to the brilliant man of letters , the loyal patriot and the genuine Arab , Rabie Al - Hail
May God make your days happy ..
Thank you for passing by ..
This handle was passed to another person ..
al_arabmsb@hotmail.com
GS430
May God have mercy on " The Lion of the Nation " , the glorious Saddam Hussein .
God , do not make us nor any of our descendants , misguided or misguiding others .
The Arabized Arabs
The Jewel , thank you for this comprehensive and erudite reply ...
The Windy
If only you would clarify how we lose more than we win with this subject .
Do you mean the profits and losses on the balance sheets of this world or the balance sheets of the next ?
For what I see and believe is that there is in what I said profit - by God 's leave - in the two worlds .
Thank your for your obscure contribution ..
This handle was passed to another person ..
al_arabmsb@hotmail.com
Abul Atahiya
May God preserve Sheikh Salman Al Oadah
And may God preserve the two brothers - the Black Bat and the Arabized Arabs .
The disagreement in these matters continues and will not ruin the affection between friends , God willing
Each one of you has what he says supported by the arguments and statements of the scholars .
May God have mercy on Saddam Hussein and forgive us and him .
He has served the Sunnis with his death , may God have mercy on him , on that day and in that way , by showing the spite of those Magians .
Omar came and tore down the throne of Xerxes ...
And spite remained the religion of the infidels .
http://aaa102.arabform.com/ for correspondence
Abu Kabun
The Arabized Arabs
Are you putting the Bat side by side with the Rafida ???
If only you had acquired part of the characteristics of Abu Muaz Al - Khaledi ... if you do n't know him , learn about him .
e60006e@hotmail.com
There is no God but God .
The Arabized Arabs
The Revivalist Youth ..
The opinions of Al - Oadah 's or the Bat about the crimes Saddam committed during his life do not concern me .
What concerns me is this enormous difference in the etiquette of the two men when talking about a man who has died and arrived at the afterlife ..
See how polite Sheikh Salman is in his talk about Saddam following his execution ? And how he refrained from disparaging a man who ended his life bearing witness that there is no God but God , and how he left his judgement to God and quoted al - Bukhari then concluded his talk by praying for him for mercy and forgiveness ?
Compare those polite words arising from a heart beating with piety and righteousness and faith and the harsh statements of the Bat about Saddam after his death on which he kept insisting and whose arrogance prevented him from confessing to the repulsive and perilous error to which his arrogance and conceit had led him ..
Here is revealed the difference between the scholars and the clowns
This handle has been passed to another person ...
al_arabmsb@hotmail.com
Scandal of Hiring Wailing Female Cheerleaders : Would They Have Made Them Brunettes ?
Fayiz al - Humaidi
Anyone who is acquainted with soccer is aware that cheering is not necessarily by the cheerleaders belonging to a team or a national team .
You can provide a group of mercenaries ? To spread enthusiasm among the players ?
I remember that few years ago the national team of Saudi Arabia was participating in an Asian championship held in an East - Asian country -- I think it was Thailand !
The grandstand of Saudi Arabia was crowded with Thai girls , maybe some of them were Saudi !
As a result of the attacks of young men and some old men in the past !! Throughout the match they were repeating the phrase " Saudi hah hah , Saudi hah hah , " and they would not stop repeating it until the lights of the stadium were turned off !!
Today cheering has become a profitable job .
The professional cheerleader may be paid a higher salary than the player .
I recall a Saudi club entered into contract with a cheerleader of a competitor team !!
His job was only to repeat the name of the club in a loud voice throughout the match !?
In the Gulf championship which is held in Abu Dhabi , wailing female cheerleaders were hired to support the Saudi Arabia national team !!
This was also done in all foreign championships in which the team participated .
Because we are a conservative nation that does not accept mingling between the two sexes , women and everyone like them were in another grandstand -- not the one for the cheerleader group -- so that nothing with non-praiseworthy consequences might occur !!
The scandal is that the person who chose them did not take into consideration the disparity in specifications ?
We were shown girls who were dressed in a revealing way , bending and drawing people 's attention , blondes with green eyes .
With my own eyes , I saw one of them with the lower part of her abdomen revealed out of increased enthusiasm !!
And the funny thing is that some of them tied the kaffiyeh on their heads !!
Maybe prior to that they were in the Yemeni team grandstand , before they moved to the Saudi team grandstand .
What makes one weep is that the flag of monotheism which King Abdul Aziz carried in the fields of jihad and with which he unified the country is wrapped around the waist of one of them swaying with it !!
This degradation of the flag of monotheism is a continuation of the act done by some silly people when they hung it in the house of prostitution and vice !!
The wall posters of the kingdom of dinosaurs did not believe the news and they started publishing color pictures of the charming cheerleaders on the pages of their newspapers -- on the front page !! Announcing the good news of a good era !!
The scandal sheet Shams , the adolescent dinosaur , did the most , and it was happier than others .
What made me laugh about it was nothing but a piece of news saying . " A number of photographers working for a number of Saudi publications received harshly worded threats from their wives if they disapproved of taking photos of the sweet sex at the championship . "
The truth is that most of the newspapers stopped saying that the girls supporting the Saudi team are Saudis , since the features and complexions of those girls are not in keeping with the Saudi climate !?
But Jasir al - Jasir , the writer for the newspaper Shams , refused to do anything other than make fools out of us by insisting that they are Saudis .
If he was asked to swear , he would not hesitate because of a need in his sick soul .
He undoubtedly knows that they are hired .
He says -LRB- may God guide him -RRB- : " The Saudi woman is no longer ashamed of herself , or perhaps more correctly she has been freed from her fear after the shrinking of the spheres of punishment , so it became common for her to show up in the grandstands in the stadiums to cheer for her country 's team . "
Then with the utmost stupidity , insolence , and ridicule he says : " By the way , painting the whole face constitutes a kind of veil " .
What confused that poor man is that this audience has so far not stirred up the expected storm !!
The most amazing thing is that Jasir claims that the adversaries of al - Qusaybi have thwarted his conservative project for women 's work , and today al - Qusaybi states that businessmen are the cause of the project 's delay !!
So who is lying ?
Al - Qusaybi 's conservative project for women 's work has made a decision which decreases the rate of Saudization in women 's workshops !
That sick Jasir is lying and he knows he is lying , yet he lies !
And he insists with utmost foolishness that the female cheerleaders are Saudi !!
Not only that , but he claims that they traveled to Abu Dhabi to attend the matches of the national team !!
Using a funny expression he says : " The difficulty is that no one can prevent women from traveling to Abu Dhabi , so there is nothing left to do but to pray that the team loses in the worst defeat so that the flow of women will automatically stop or that the cheerleaders become afflicted with paralysis or rickets . "
He composes a bad thing , then imagines the reaction , and then he designs funny plans for disclaimer .
The goal is ridicule and ridicule alone !!
Apologies for publishing the photos because of their necessity .
Whether the female cheerleaders are Saudis or not is not important to us .
Thankfully , they are few .
We have 8441000 women who are all good , keep their religion , morals , and their veil , and they wo n't be harmed by the emergence of a group which represents no one but itself .
But what is disgraceful and shameful is to welcome such dishonorable sights , shameful clothes , unrestrained hair , and swaying , while we see girls from the UAE and Kuwait in the grandstand of their teams looking respectable and modest , with some of them covering their faces !
What burns the heart is the eagerness of some cultured people and writers to harm their country whether they are aware or unaware ?
They made fun of us in front of all the nations of the world when they spoke about Saudi women .
A British research center -LRB- STARSH -RRB- was fair to them in its annual report when it described them as the most beautiful and flirtatious women in the world , and that they are queens of the world whose demands are fulfilled without any trouble , that they are always being served , and that they do not need to work because their expenses are provided by their guardians .
May the nobles excuse me , we are asking Jasir , Will we see your wife and daughter in the grandstand of the national team ? Did you give them freedom and liberate them from their fear , and free their soul from shyness ?
Will you say what your leader said ?
My daughters will be the first to drive a car !!?
.
I am completely reassured that the liberal project will not succeed in this country , praise God .
For no matter how far the liberal ideological lunacy has affected some brain cells of the young , it will never be able to affect the part that controls the sense of honor , otherwise man would be stripped of his values and would become like an animal , a cuckold .
He wo n't enter paradise or even find its scent !
That 's why you find them the most caring and the most solicitous of their close female relatives .
You will never see in the near future a daughter or a wife or even a sister of a writer or a cultured man leading a grandstand by cheering for her team .
And she will not be the first to drive a car , and she will not work , according to al - Qusaybi 's rules , not to mention going out with her face and hair uncovered !!
They want to see the features of freedom and emancipation in women other than theirs .
How happy they will be the day they see a Saudi or part - Saudi woman in all her finery , having given up her veil and restrictions , and having freed herself from the authority of her father , her brother , and her husband .
They spread her news and praise her deed .
Maybe they will change her name by adding the definite article -LRB- al- -RRB- to emphasize her affinity and relationship to the most deeply - rooted Saudi families such as : -LRB- al - Nasr , al - Sharikh , and al - Imran . -RRB-
Spotlight : If the nation were not preoccupied with its major issues -- namely the fundamentals of its religion -- then it would occupy itself with the differences with which they will eat each other up , it will become weak , and it will appear sick to such an extent that the nation will have no more strength .
Sami al - Majid .
It is wrong to turn our disability into a general impossibility , to be a reason for holding others back , and to smother their abilities and capabilities .
miml9@hotmail.com .....
Daughter of Thunder
My honorable brother , how did you weigh this need to publish photos of the female cheerleaders ....?
Usually , money is wasted .. in search for money .
Fayiz al - Humaidi
Surely we belong to God , and to Him we shall return !
From more than 27000 readers to 2493 !!
From 25 replies to one reply !!
It is wrong to turn our disability into a general impossibility , to be a reason for holding others back , and to smother their abilities and capabilities .
miml9@hotmail.com .....
Badi al - Zaman1
My noble brother , Fayiz al - Humaidi First , I say thank you for your sense of honor and concern for your countrymen .
Second , a proverb says -LRB- For every prostitute there is a customer -RRB- meaning if we want to look for a female Saudi dancer we will find one , and if we look for a female Saudi singer we will find one , and if we look for a beautiful Saudi woman we will find one .
Evil is not restricted to a certain class of people , and Satan entices people .
But because there is a little discord in Saudi society , it certainly does not represent the whole and it does not represent the opposing public opinion .
Rather , it represents itself and those who belong to it .
I say this because displaying the photos of the female cheerleaders whether they are Saudis or hired , and anything is possible , though the latter is more likely , does not make us think that all are respectable .
Of course , what we saw does not honor us Saudis -- cheering for the team in this way by rebelling against our noble values and morals ..
This is not cheering , but rather it is removing the veil for its own sake .
It was something done by those who wanted to do it .
Female Saudi cheerleaders or hirelings -LRB- anything is possible -RRB- previously cheered for the team in Kuwait , but in a more decent and better way than what is happening now .
This is a photo of Saudi female cheerleaders in Kuwait .
If we assume that someone said , " Why the twitching and condemnation about the female cheerleaders when they have done something patriotic by cheering and supporting their team ? " -LRB- This is the custom we are familiar with from Akhzam Zanim . -RRB- We would say that cheering does not at all mean renouncing virtue , and it does not mean candor and challenging values and morals .
Rather , it is possible to cheer without being exposed to that at home because the matches are broadcast .
If it were said , " But we see all the teams of the world , including the Arab teams , cheered by their citizens , males and females . " We would say , " First of all , we are Muslims who have our own beliefs and our own way of doing things which differ from those of others . We have to pay attention to them as long as we are among their people just like Hindus with their cows , Buddhists with their idols , Judaism , Christianity , and others .. "
From this perspective , we are not forced to imitate others , and no matter how we justify this as civilization and progress it is a justification from the dictionary of Satan who swore " I will beguile them all . "
To conclude : In every nation there are Banu Saad , meaning that there are good people and bad people .
What the female cheerleaders did is not accepted by their fellow citizens even if they were encouraged by those who are like them , whose hearts and minds have become secularized and whose mania became the imitation of the Semites in every big and small way .
Discuss with me and tell me your objections but do not ignore and delete what I said -LRB- No for deletion -RRB- Yes -LRB- for discussion -RRB- .
Fayiz al - Humaidi Able by God
Fayiz , really , no one replies to those ....... the likes of Jasir except people like you and Sharwak .
We hope to see your creativity in writing on other subjects .
May God make you useful for the religion and the homeland .
All love and appreciation to you .
Your brother , Abdullah al - Qarni .
Note : I am not one of those who like to correspond with authors , but really , your wonderful article compelled me to thank you .
I ask God to make you happy in this life and in the hereafter .
------------------------
Brother Abdullah al - Qarni : May God reward you with good and elevate your status .
Thank you for your good thoughts about me .
------------------------
Brother Fayiz .
The scandal of hiring wailing female cheerleaders : they made them brunettes .
We do not deny that there are Saudi women who go out and show us how pretty they are .
But those who appear in the photo -- only God knows whether they are Saudi women or not ?
Perhaps some of them are Saudi and some were simply hired to support the Saudi national team .
Of course the newspapers published the photos by way of another thing which is making people accustomed to the emergence of Saudi female cheerleaders .
In the past , we did not see Saudi women appear on television .
Then Saudi women gradually started to appear on Channel One , and on the news channel which originally specialized in allowing Saudi women to appear , and it became commonplace .
You find them presenting girls and women in their homes unveiled . One may be an engineer , and another may be something else . Until the appearance of Saudi women on our television channels became a very ordinary thing .
The problem now is that even women wearing the veil and who are fully covered appear on the news channel .
Take for example , today 's silly question which they primarily and continuously focus on the appearance of women and girls in interviews .
In the first place , since when do women appear as far as we are concerned ?
At first , the man was shy when he appeared .
But now we see women appear and talking boldly , exceeding the limits .
I really become shy when I see them -LSB- -RSB- on their men who let them appear on the Al - Ekhbariya channel and it is well known that this channel deliberately does this thing by encouraging the liberation of women through interviews .
I remember that once Qatar hired Moroccan women in one of its celebrations in order to play the role of Gulf girls , meaning that in each song about a Gulf state , they let girls dance . As if they were from those states , although in some of the Gulf states -- Bahrain , the Emirates , Oman and Kuwait -- their girls have appeared on television and sung and danced for a long time , except for the girls of Qatar and Saudi Arabia .
A reply to the writer ' I am the Arab . '
Again , respect yourself and do not describe .
Our society is more honorable and nobler than a nobody like you talking about it and describing it using the worst adjectives as if you are talking about the societies of the West .
It is nice to say that they are well - born Saudi women and from well - known tribes .
This is one of your lies .
Why ?
Did you see their identity cards ?
Or just to say " Look , this is the reality of your girls . "
By no means do we deny that there are unveiled Saudi women , and we do not hold our society to be free of faults and corruption .
But thank God we have more good than evil .
But your problem is that you are looking with only one eye , the eye of evil and defects .
-------------------------
Noble brother , may God reward you with good and elevate your status .
Perhaps there are Saudi women among them but the majority of them are not .
Moreover , I do not find it easy to swallow that a Saudi woman would uncover her belly , God forbid !!
Anyway , the aim of the subject is to reply to Jasir al - Jasir , this poor wretch who has shown his malice , and was among the happiest about these disgusting scenes .
-------------------------
In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate .
My beloved brother .. may God reward you with good .
You really are a Saudi citizen .. you fear for your country and your society from the male and female corrupters .
May God grant success to you and to everyone else who are earnestly concerned about what He loves and approves of .
May God take revenge on those who are scheming night and day , secretly and openly , to seduce women in this conservative Muslim country which sent the Spanish minister of justice away in failure after the men stopped him when he set conditions -- and in our country which hosted him .
When he became impolite , he was halted in the most polite and reasonable way .
During this ... comes the match between our Saudi national team and the national team of our brother country Qatar ..
Like it or not , the Qatari people are the twin of the Saudi people .
Actually they are one people ...
The elite are the people of Qatar .
They have the blessings of a conservative and zealous Muslim people .. even if something else is wanted for it ..
I watched the two matches that day ...
The first match was the Iraqi national team against the Bahraini national team ...
The logo of the Iraqi team was green and white , like the Saudi team , and they were in the same grandstands , and they were the same female cheerleaders .
That is , the one who hired them - for something in his mind - brought them more than one hour before the first match of the Iraqi team against the Bahraini team , and they did not leave the stadium until after the match between Saudi Arabia and Qatar .
That is , they stayed at the stadium for at least five hours ..
I do not say that all of them were hired , but rather , perhaps there was one or two or even ten Saudi women .
But the one who rejoices when the camera passes over her and stands up and jumps and shouts is either one of two : .
The first : not a Saudi .
The second : a Saudi woman devoid of bashfulness who has not been brought up well by her parents and lived outside Saudi Arabia more than she lived inside it .
I say this because I am a Saudi and I know well the girls of my country .
No matter how reckless a Saudi girl is she has limits at which she stops ..
Those in the grandstands crossed the red , yellow and green lines .....
This is not done by Saudi actresses and singers who left the world of purity for a corrupt world which suits the life they have chosen for themselves ...
It is well known that actresses and singers are less shy than others .
Has anyone seen a singer or an actress with such shamelessness ?..
Despite their shamelessness they do not reach this degree ..
Finally , I say : -LRB- The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was established on the basis of the words of God , on the words of His messenger , and on the application of the religion of God and the Sunna of His messenger -LRB- may God bless him and grant him salvation -RRB- . This way of doing things will not change in spite of the liberals , so it is better for them to pursue al - Qusaybi , Khalid al - Harbi , and others whom purity and virtuousness do not suit , and who want to graze like cattle in every corrupt world . -RRB-
-----------------------
Noble brother : may God reward you with good and elevate your status .
The media should have disapproved of what happened in the grandstands , but unfortunately newspapers have vied with each other to publish the photos as though they were heralding a new era !
-----------------------
My outstanding brother In fact , I am displeased by your choices -- you and Aba Lujayn -- for instance ... of specific subjects .. meant apparently to promote your earnest concern which you lack in your heart -- you and him . Because you choose only the subjects which get the interest of the common people , and you stir up instincts in them to find enough drum - beating to satisfy your illusion -- you and Aba Lujayn along with several writers ..
You write for something in the soul of Yaqub and you leave the real issues which threaten Islam and Muslims .
You even avoid replying to them as if birds were on your heads ....
You have been exposed to everyone ...
This is a subject about a prince ..
And this is a subject about a disreputable cheerleader ..
And something else is about a trivial issue which is read only by a trivial person or one deluded by a false reputation about you ..
You made a sparkle for yourselves ..... and you were burned and the light burned you because you are mere darkness .
Advice for the sake of God ......
Share your nation 's real concerns ... over the dangers surrounding it from all directions .. over our enemies ... over the conspiracies woven against us in secrecy .. over encroachments on our values and our true religion .... not on disreputable prostitutes , whether they were Saudis or not ; they are vulgar whores ..
In the kingdom and in the public streets and on the televisions and satellite stations we have more than those who dress in a revealing way among our fellow citizens ...... or do you deny that as well , like your amazing selectiveness which stirs doubt .
The main point .....
This is your habit and this is your style ....
My brother , get acquainted with a prince or ask Aba Lujayn to introduce you to one of his friends the thieves .. so you and him along with the gang of merry - making can become like the economic analysts who are paid for what they say on the satellites to deceive the common people so that their masters and the providers of their livelihood may profit ......................
May God guide you .. no and after you put their picture .... go just .... peeling onions is better for you than quackery and hoodwinking , you bankrupt ... like the poor of the Jews .
------------------------------
My outstanding brother : May God guide you and lead you back to the right path .
You began your message with grace and ended it with name - calling !
There is nothing greater than sharing the concerns of the nation , than denouncing a vile deed .
What happened is among the encompassing dangers about which we must not keep silent .
It is not for promoting a sense of honor !!
At whom ?
Thank you for putting my name beside that of Abu Lujayn .
This is an honor for me that I am unworthy of .
Whoever is like Abu Lujayn has succeeded .
-------------------------------
Greetings .
You said in your subject on the site of the forum entitled " Scandal of Hiring Wailing Female Cheerleaders : Would They Have Made Them Brunettes ? " -LRB- In the Gulf championship , which is held in Abu Dhabi , wailing female cheerleaders were hired to support the national team of Saudi Arabia !
This was done at all the foreign championships in which the team participated .
Because we are a conservative nation which does not accept mingling between the two sexes , women and everyone like them were in another grandstand -- not the one for the cheerleader group -- so that nothing with non-praiseworthy consequences might occur !
The scandal is that the person who chose them did not take into consideration the disparity in specifications ?
For we were shown girls who are dressed in a revealing way , bending and drawing people 's attention , blondes with green eyes .
With my own eyes , I saw one of them with the lower part of her abdomen revealed out of increased enthusiasm !
And the funny thing is that some of them tied the kaffiyeh on their heads !
Maybe prior to that they were in the Yemeni team grandstand , before they moved to the Saudi team grandstand .
What makes one weep is that the flag of monotheism which King Abdul Aziz carried in the fields of Jihad and with which he unified the country is wrapped around the waist of one of them swaying with it !!
And this degradation of the flag of monotheism is a continuation of the act done by some silly people when they hung it in the house of prostitution and vice !! -RRB-
My brother , what does Yemen have to do with the issue now ?
Or do you think that the girls of Yemen are loose and lost ?
Think the matter over .
If you think that , you were wrong , please apologize to all Yemenis in your same subject .
You defend the girls of Saudi Arabia by insulting the girls of Yemen .
Why ?
You do n't like it for the girls of Saudi Arabia , but you like it for the girls of Yemen ?
I have been a follower of the forum site for years .
Your topic is the first one I have replied to .
Because of your replies to the participants , I respected you and I still respect you .
But the lapse was uncalled for .
May Allah forgive you in the protection of Allah .
-----------------------------
My outstanding brother : May Allah reward you with good and elevate your status .
You seem to be from Yemen !
Anyway I did not mean that that girl was from Yemen , but rather that she was hired for cheerleading .
Because she tied the kaffiyeh on her head the way the people of Yemen do , I said what I did in sarcasm , not to attack the women of Yemen !
------------------------------
It is wrong to shift our disability into a general impossibility , to be a reason for holding others back , and to smother their abilities and capabilities .
..... miml9@hotmail.com