Unidentified gunmen in north western Colombia have massacred at least twelve peasants .
It 's the second such incident in as many days .
Authorities say several men armed with shotguns went house to house in Guatapae in Entequia Province killing anyone they suspected of collaborating with opposing forces .
Defense lawyers have attacked a prosecutions case at the Lockerby bombing trial in the Netherlands .
In closing arguments Thursday attorneys for two Libyans suspected of bombing Pan Am Flight 103 , said the evidence against their clients does not add up , and they suggested that Palestinian extremists could have staged the bombing of the jet liner over Lockerby , Scotland .
Meanwhile Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak called on the Palestinians to accept the US peace proposals .
At a cabinet meeting Mr. Barak warned of increased violence if the Palestinians reject the proposals .
Chief Palestinian negotiator Sayeeb Erekat said Sunday he needs more clarification from Washington .
Mr. Erekat said that the delay in accepting the plan does not amount to a rejection of it .
Former President Clinton drew cheers from admirers at a US Air Force base outside Washington today before departing for his home in New York .
Prior to leaving office today Mr. Clinton issued more than one hundred presidential pardons .
Among those pardoned was Susan Mcdoogle , a former business partner of Mr. Clinton who became a key figure in the White Water Real Estate investigation that plagued the Clinton presidency .
I am Dave Deforest , VOA News .
An Israeli envoy has met with President Clinton at the White House and has delivered Israel 's formal acceptance of US peace proposals .
The envoy Gilead Sher emerged from the meeting late Friday telling reporters the next step in the process is up to President Clinton .
However he said tranquility must be restored in Palestinian territories .
The Israelis have agreed in principle to the parameters President Clinton has laid out but they have expressed some reservations , as have the Palestinians .
First the news update .
Here 's David Coler .
President Clinton is sending US mediator Dennis Ross back to the Middle East in yet another effort to make progress toward peace between Israel and the Palestinians before Mr. Clinton leaves office in two weeks .
A senior White House official said Mr. Ross intends to meet separately with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
They will discuss the possibilities remaining in Mr. Clinton 's term as President .
Welcome back to VOA News now coming to you from Washington .
I am Tony Riggs .
Israelis and Palestinians could begin a marathon round of peace talks as early as Sunday but Israel has not yet said whether it will take part .
Prime Minister Ehud Barak is postponing until Saturday his government 's response to the Palestinian 's proposal for talks .
Correspondent Laurie Cassman reports from Jerusalem that Mr. Barak is under pressure to go ahead with the peace effort .
Prime Minister Barak is to meet with his top ministers involved in the peace process on Saturday night to decide what response to give to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's proposal .
The meeting was delayed a day in protest after the brutal killing of an Israeli youth in the West Bank .
The Palestinians have proposed a ten - day non-stop negotiating session to narrow differences over key issues blocking a final peace agreement .
If Israel says yes , the marathon meeting will probably take place in the Egyptian Red Sea resort of Taba just across the border from Israel .
Israeli TV says the Palestinians already are sending an advanced team to Taba to prepare for the meeting .
The talks would come in an awkward moment for Prime Minister Barak who is facing an uphill battle to keep his job .
The latest opinion polls show right wing Likud Party leader Ariel Sharon could easily win the February 6th election .
Prime Minister Barak had hoped for a peace deal to clinch victory .
Ariel Sharon has already said he would not honor Mr. Barak 's compromise proposals .
He says his negotiating position with the Palestinians would be much tougher .
Mr. Sharon 's peace plan would retain Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem and the Golan Heights , which Israel seized from Syria in the 1967 Arab - Israeli war .
The plan would also cut in half the amount of West Bank land Israel is to turn over to the Palestinians .
Mr. Sharon talks of long term interest talks push for a single final peace settlement .
Laurie Cassman , VOA News , Jerusalem .
In the Middle East Tuesday a Palestinian was reported shot dead near the West Bank town of Nablus .
In another incident Israeli soldiers fired on the car of a high ranking Roman Catholic church official at a checkpoint in the West Bank , but there were no casualties there .
Meantime , US peace envoy Dennis Ross is due to arrive in Tel Aviv on Thursday .
Mr. Ross is expected to hold separate talks , first with the Israelis and then move on to talks with the Palestinians .
US Secretary of Defense William Cohen says he and top US military commanders failed to anticipate threats to the US destroyer Cole in Yemen three months ago .
A Navy report on the suicide bombing released today does not recommend any disciplinary action .
Yugoslav President Vojislav Kostunica has staged a major military staff reshuffle to remove officers associated with long time ruler Slobodan Milosevic .
The President has retired fourteen senior officers from active duty .
These include Admiral Milanzech , head of the Navy , General Gezafarcus , Chief of Military Intelligence and General Vragulyuv Voidanich , a former Defense Minister .
In the meantime , a disputed area in southern Serbia 's Presavo Valley has reopened to traffic after Serb police and Albanian rebel fighters agreed to dismantle two roadblocks .
A second round of Israeli - Palestinian talks ended Saturday night with no breakthrough .
The two sides have agreed to keep talking .
Led by former Israeli Prime Minister Shimone Peres and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the two delegations met for more than two hours .
In Israel the latest opinion polls show hard - liner Ariel Sharon is virtually assured of winning next week 's national election .
The story from Ross Don in Jerusalem .
An opinion poll published in the Jerusalem Post newspaper Wednesday shows that Ariel Sharon , Chairman of the right wing Likud Party , has a commanding 22 - point lead over Prime Minister Ehud Barak .
According to the poll , 49 percent of those interviewed said they would vote for Mr. Sharon while 27 percent would support Mr. Barak .
Another Poll , this one in the Hebrew daily Yudiad Acronod found that Mr. Sharon had a 16 % lead over Mr. Barak .
All such surveys show the gap between the two candidates is widening but that former Prime Minister Shimon Peres , a member of Mr. Barak 's Labour Party , would have a better chance of defeating Mr. Sharon , but despite his poor standing in the opinion polls , Mr. Barak says he has no intention of standing down in favor of Mr. Peres .
The Hebrew daily newspaper Harord says that Mr. Barak 's inner circle of advisors has told him he may have to reconsider his position .
Ross Dun for VOA News , Jerusalem .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators have formed working groups to tackle the most difficult issues at their peace talks in the Egyptian Red Sea resort of Taba .
Senior Palestinian negotiator Ahmed Kurai told reporters that serious discussions are being held on major issues specifically on territory , Jerusalem and Palestinian refugees .
He says the talks will continue until Friday when the two sides will take stock .
Participants say the gaps are still wide with no progress to mention .
Late Monday Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak telephoned US Secretary of State Colin Powell to update him on the talks .
President Vladimir Putin of Russia marked the new year Sunday and his first anniversary in office with an address urging Russians to be heartened by the country 's progress , despite the war in Chechnya and the sinking of the nuclear submarine Kursk .
In a televised statement Mr. Putin said in his words , `` Elements of stability appeared in our country '' .
Mr. Putin became acting President on December 31st 1999 following Boris Yeltsin 's surprise resignation .
I am David Coler , VOA News .
Police in Barcelona , Spain Thursday , arrested two suspected members of the violent Basque separatist group Eta as they were preparing what may have been a car bomb .
Gill Carbohol has more from Madrid .
Police arrested a man and a woman suspected of being members of Eta 's Barcelona Commando Unit before dawn .
They were driving an automobile which had been stolen in a nearby town in September .
The couple had attracted the attention of police as they drove through pre-dawn Barcelona because the car 's license plate was dangling and one of the car doors was ajar .
When they stopped the car police found the woman in the back seat with a package containing between fifteen to twenty kilograms of explosives .
Police also found a gun of the type used in the killings blamed on the Barcelona Commando in the past few months .
In a similar incident in Barcelona just twenty days ago , suspected Eta members who were likewise trying to place a car bomb , killed a city policeman and then got away .
Thursday 's suspects readily identified themselves as members of Eta , although they gave false names .
The man has been positively identified as 37 year old but police could not immediately identify the woman .
Security officials are searching for at least one more member of the Barcelona Commando , which has killed two town councilmen , a former Minister of Health and a policeman in the past few months .
Spanish anti-bombs technicians have been busy this week .
On Wednesday they deactivated explosives placed outside a military installation in Gerona , just north of Barcelona , and on Tuesday Basque Regional Police deactivated a bomb placed in a flowerpot in a cemetery where members of the regional chapter of Spain 's ruling Popular Party had gathered for a commemorative ceremony in honor of one of their town councilmen who had been killed three years ago .
Spanish Prime Minister Jose Marie Akhnar said that it was a miracle that a massacre had not occurred .
Eta has been responsible for killing at least 800 people over the last 32 years in its bid to carve out an independent state from northern Spain and south western France .
Meanwhile the Basque Country Regional Government , which is controlled by the pro-independence but moderate Basque National Party , said it would call regional elections later this year .
Basque Chief Minister Hwank Hosei Bariche has been under intense pressure from the Popular and Socialist Parties to call early elections .
He 's been ruling with the minority governments since Eta 's political wing broke its parliamentary alliance with his party last summer .
Gill Carbohol for VOA News , Madrid .
Thank you very much , Tony .
The United States and Britain are calling on Libya to accept responsibility for the bombing of a Pan Am jetliner over Lockerbie , Scotland .
They are also calling on Libya to compensate families of those who perished .
In Washington President Bush said nothing can change the suffering and loss caused by the December 1988 attack on Pan Am Flight 103 that killed 270 people , but he welcomed Wednesday 's guilty verdict for one of the two Libyan agents accused in the bombing .
Correspondent Scot Bob reports from our Middle East bureau Libyan dissidents are hailing the verdict while the Libyan government says it will appeal .
A spokesman from the Libyan Foreign Ministry told state television his government accepts the verdict but that it will be appealed .
The official noted Libya 's co-operation in handing over the two suspects and called for the immediate lifting of sanctions .
A Libyan dissident exiled in Egypt Mohammed Fias Jabrel says he is satisfied with the verdict because it proves Libya has committed crimes against innocent people but Mr. Jabrel says he hopes the case is not closed .
I hope that the investigations would continue to bring the real murderers which is of the League of Col. Gaddafi .
He is responsible of the act .
That act will not displace that he did not order it .
270 people died in the 1988 bombing over the Scottish town of Lockerbie .
Libya initially refused to hand over the two suspects but it surrendered them nearly two years ago on condition they be tried in a country other than Britain or the United States .
Scot Bob , VOA News , Middle - East Bureau .
Violence has flared in Indian Kashmir as the deadline for the expiration of a government sponsored unilateral ceasefire approaches .
As Anjana Pasricha reports , the renewed violence has cast a shadow on the Indian government 's peace initiative .
Defense Minister George Fernandes said Monday the government will decide whether to extend the ceasefire in Kashmir after an in - depth analysis of the situation .
Mr. Fernandes says violence in the region has escalated in the past month .
Sunday , stepped - up violence claimed at least fifteen lives across Kashmir .
Six people were killed and dozens of others injured when a public bus was hit by a landmine blast about thirty kilometers north of Srinagar .
No one has claimed responsibility for the attack .
In other incidents , police said militants set off an explosion outside the office of the ruling National Conference Party in the state 's winter capital Jammu , and eight militants were killed in two separate encounters with security forces .
In recent days India , Pakistan and Kashmir 's main separatist alliance have traded accusations of jeopardizing the peace initiative .
Kashmir 's main political alliance , the All Party 's Hurriyat Conference has accused hard liners in the Indian government of trying to sabotage the peace process .
Senior leaders of the group want to travel to Pakistan for talks but the Indian government has not yet granted travel documents for the visit .
Pakistan has accused India of threatening the peace process by refusing to issue travel documents to the Hurrriyat leaders .
Senior Indian officials have accused Pakistan of continuing to train and arm Islamic militants despite the ceasefire .
They have expressed disappointment that the ceasefire has failed to reduce violence in Kashmir .
India declared a ceasefire in Kashmir for the Muslim holy month of Ramadan and later extended it for another month .
Kashmir has been hit by a Muslim separatist insurgency since 1989 .
Anjana Pascricha for VOA News , New Delhi .
Masked gunmen have shot and killed the Director of Palestinian Television at a hotel in Gaza Strip .
The motive for the murder and the identity of the attackers are still unknown .
Ross Dunn reports from Jerusalem .
Three hooded men murdered Hisha Mickey , the Director of the Palestinian Broadcasting Corporation .
Witnesses say that the gunmen fired into Mr. Mickey 's head and heart outside the Gaza Beach hotel before fleeing the area .
The cold - blooded slaying of one of the most prominent people in Palestinian society has shocked residents of the Gaza Strip and West Bank .
Mr. Mickey aged 54 was known to be close to Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and a member of the powerful Fateh faction of the Palestine Liberation Organization .
Mr. Mickey , who had been meeting friends shortly before the shooting , was pronounced dead upon his arrival at a nearby hospital .
He was a father of seven and had served as the Director of Palestinian Television since its inception in 1994 and later founded the Palestinian satellite channel .
Ross Dunn for VOA News , Jerusalem .
President Clinton has urged the US Senate and the incoming Republican administration to place the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty high on its agenda .
Mr. Clinton 's remarks follow a report issued by the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General John Shalik Khashvili that supports the Test Ban Treaty .
President Clinton has reached a deal with independent prosecutor Robert Ray to avoid indictment after leaving office .
In a statement Friday , Mr. Clinton admitted he did not fully tell the truth when he gave testimony about his relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky .
The Voice of America presents differing points of views on a wide variety of issues .
Next , an editorial expressing the policies of the United States government .
A Federal Grand Jury in New York has indicted five more suspects in connection with the August 1998 bombing of the United States embassies in Nairobi Kenya and Dar - e - salaam Tanzania .
These terrorist attacks killed hundreds and wounded thousands of men , women and children .
The indictments raised to 22 the number of those accused in the bombings .
Of the seventeen terrorists previously charged , eight have been captured .
The remaining fugitives , including Osama Bin Laden , are still being sought by the US .
The latest to be indicted are Saif Al Adel , Mushan Musa Matwali Atwa , Ahmed Mohammed Hamid Ali , Ahnes Alibi and Abdullah Ahmed Ardullah .
All are members of Al - Qaida , an Islamic terrorist group organized by Osama Bin Laden .
Al - Qaida has helped train terrorists from Tajikstan , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Chechnya , Somalia , Sudan , Yemen , the Philippines , Egypt , Libya , Pakistan and Eritrea .
Al - Qaida receives safe haven from Taliban controlled Afghanistan where it operates a network of training facilities and conducts international terrorist operations .
The United Nations Security Council voted to expand sanctions on the Taliban movement because of its support for Al - Qaida and other terrorists .
The US supports these sanctions .
The US calls on the Taliban movement to end its sponsorship of international terrorism and hand over the terrorist fugitives it now protects .
The US is offering a reward of up to 5 million dollars for information that leads to the apprehension or conviction of Al - Qaida terrorists Sheikh Amed Salim Suedan , Ahmed Galani , Mustafa Mohammed Fadel , Imn Auzava Heari , Mohammed Altaf and Osama Bin Laden for their part in the African embassy bombings .
The US will not rest until these men have been brought to justice for their crimes .
That was an editorial expressing the policies of the United States government .
If you have a comment , please write to Editorials , VOA , Washington DC , 20237 , USA .
You may also comment at www.ibb.gov/editorials or fax us at 202 .
The Washington Post newspaper reported Sunday that the officer overseeing the Navy probe of the terrorist bombing of the US Navy destroyer Cole has concluded that no one should be punished .
Admiral Robert Nader reportedly rejected the conclusion of a lower ranking investigating officer that better security precautions could have mitigated the effects of the explosion .
That October 12th bombing in the Yemeni port of Aden killed seventeen sailors and wounded thirty - nine .
A second round of Israeli - Palestinian talks ended Saturday night with no breakthrough but the two sides have agreed to keep talking .
Led by former Israeli Prime Minister Shimone Peres and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the two delegations met for more than two hours .
They are trying to narrow their differences over a US framework for negotiating a final peace agreement .
Yugoslav President Vojislav Kostunica has staged a major military reshuffle to remove officers associated with long time ruler Slobodan Milosevic .
The President has retired fourteen senior officers from active duty .
Thank you very much Tony .
Israeli - Palestinian talks are set to resume today in Taba Egypt .
Israel suspended the talks Tuesday to protest the murders of two Israeli citizens by Palestinian gunmen in the West Bank , but Prime Minister Ehud Barak and his senior ministers decided on the resumption during a Wednesday conference at Mr. Barak 's residence in Jerusalem .
A New York Federal Judge says he will allow the alleged confession of a suspect charged in the deadly 1998 bombings of two US embassies in Africa .
Judge Linnard Sand originally threw out Mohammed Rashid Dawood Alawali 's statement because he said police forced his confession , but he changed his mind after new testimonies showed that the suspect waived his right to speak to an attorney after his arrest .
Mr. Alawali and three others are charged with the bombings of the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania that killed 224 people .
In Camp Side Holland prosecutors urged the court to convict two Libyans of murdering 270 people in the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing back in 1988 .
Lawyers for the defendants are expected to begin summarizing their case Wednesday and a verdict could come as early as next week .
President Clinton has reached a deal with independent prosecutor Robert Ray to avoid indictment after leaving office .
In a statement Friday , Mr. Clinton admitted he did not fully tell the truth when he gave testimony about his relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky .
He admitted false statements were made when he was questioned in the Paula Jones sexual harassment case .
His lawyer David Kendall insists that Mr. Clinton is not guilty of perjury or obstruction of justice .
He has from the beginning , at least from the Grand Jury , conceded that he tried to conceal the relationship with Ms. Lewinsky .
He tried to conceal that and we 've acknowledged that that was evasive and misleading , but it 's not obstruction of justice , it 's not intentional falsification .
In return for the admission the prosecutor has brought the Lewinsky case to an end and has dropped any plans to indict Mr. Clinton .
As part of the deal Mr. Clinton will accept the suspension of his law license in Arkansas for five years .
A Pentagon report calls for improved intelligence gathering to prevent terrorist attacks such as the one against the USS Cole in Yemen last October .
The report also proposes anti-terrorist training for all US troops and recommends a new effort to react more quickly to emerging terrorist threats .
The report released today was commissioned by Defense Secretary William Cohen .
Israeli tanks are blocking main roads in the Gaza Strip effectively isolating and partitioning the Palestinian ruled area .
Israel moved to tighten its restrictions on Palestinian movement after a Monday night bomb attack in the Israeli city of Natanya .
There has been more gunfire in the Palestinian territories with injuries to Israelis and Palestinians .
Israeli - Palestinian peace talks have ended in Egypt with a statement declaring the two sides closer than ever to a final agreement .
Talks may resume after the Israeli elections .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators will resume peace talks today after a three day delay .
A senior Palestinian negotiator says the session will be a follow - up to the one held Saturday to discuss the set of peace compromises proposed by President Clinton .
Monday Israel cancelled peace talks with the Palestinians and re-imposed a total clamp - down on the Gaza Strip following the abduction and killing of a Jewish settler .
Laurie Cassman reports from Jerusalem .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak has condemned the killing of a Jewish settler in Gaza .
He calls it an unforgivable and abominable crime .
Mr. Barak told the Arabic language Al - Jazeera TV that Israel will punish those who carried out the attack .
Israeli officials have called off their scheduled meeting with Palestinian negotiators to protest the incident .
The meeting was part of the latest effort to narrow differences over a US proposed framework for brokering a final peace deal .
An Israeli spokesman said security talks may still take place but a Palestinian negotiator said no meeting is scheduled .
Israel 's military commander for the Gaza region Yayir Nave blamed the Palestinian Authority for not cracking down on such attacks .
Incidents like this , he says , do not happen without support from inside the Palestinian Authority .
Israel has repeatedly called on the Palestinian Authority to curb the violence and take action against those who attack Israelis .
Laurie Cassman , VOA News , Jerusalem .
I 'm David Coler , VOA News .
The United States and Britain have welcomed Wednesday 's conviction of a Libyan defendant for the 1988 Lockerbie bombing that killed 270 people , but they stood firm in demanding that Libya accept responsibility and compensate the victims ' families .
State Department spokesman , Richard Bowcher .
As we 've said all along the government of Libya must take responsibility for the actions of Libyan officials .
That means revealing everything they know about the Lockerbie bombing , paying reparations , a clear declaration acknowledging responsibility for the actions of Libyan officials and clear unambiguous actions which demonstrate the Libyan government understands this responsibility .
But late Wednesday a Libyan Foreign Ministry official said Eee is not to blame for the bombing .
He said and these are his words , `` Libya as a state has no responsibility in this affair . ''
The court in Camp Zeist Holland convicted one of the two Libyan defendants of planting the suitcase bomb which brought down Pan Am Flight 103 over the Scottish town of Lockerbie .
It killed all 259 people on board and 11 people on the ground .
I am David Coler , VOA News .
Israeli negotiators are heading back to the Egyptian resort of Taba today to resume marathon peace talks with the Palestinians .
The resumption comes two days after Israel suspended all contacts following the killing of two Israelis in the West Bank .
In late night consultations with his senior ministers , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak decided to resume negotiations after the funerals of the two Israelis .
A statement from Mr. Barak 's office said the talks would continue for a few days and would break for Israel 's February 6th election .
Thank you very much Dave .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators have resumed peace talks amid indications that confidence building measures by both sides appear to be easing the violence of the past three months .
As Israeli and Palestinian officials headed for their meeting on the border between Israel and Gaza , Israel 's Foreign Minister said he was cutting short a visit to Paris to return home for an emergency cabinet meeting .
Correspondent Laurie Cassman reports from Jerusalem , the meetings renew hopes for progress toward a final peace deal .
Israeli officials say the aim of the meeting is to stabilize the decline in violence and see about the possibility of progress in peace talks before US President Bill Clinton leaves office on January 20th .
Mr. Clinton made a last ditch effort earlier this month to revive peace talks and possibly clinch a peace agreement in his remaining days at the White House .
Both sides conditionally accepted his framework as a basis for negotiations with the Palestinians listing a number of reservations , but Israel conditioned resuming negotiations on an end to Palestinian attacks against Jewish settlers and soldiers .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat last week promised Mr. Clinton he would try to curb the violence .
Several top level security talks have led to the easing of Israel 's closure of the West Bank and Gaza .
The fate planned to reduce tensions , also includes resuming Palestinian security cooperation and joint patrols .
Laurie Cassman VOA News Jerusalem .
In a New Year 's message to the Serbian people , President Vojislav Kostunica said the year 2001 will be a time of domestic healing after the triumph of what he called freedom without violence .
Mr. Kostunica was referring to the popular uprising in October that forced former President Slobodan Milosevic to accept electoral defeat .
Mr. Kostunica stressed that legal ways must be found to solve the issue of Montenegro 's drive for independence .
This is VOA News Now from Washington .
I am Victor Moralis along with Tony Riggs .
A lawyer for one of the two Libyans accused of the Lockerbie Scotland continued to attack the prosecution 's case Wednesday .
He called two of its key witnesses liars and argued that their testimony be rejected .
Oran Comito is at Camp Zeist in the Netherlands .
In his fourth day of closing arguments , defense lawyer Bill Taler spent most of his time trying to discredit two key prosecution witnesses .
Edwin Boje made timers for bombs that were sold to Libya and allegedly used to blow up the plane .
Mr. Taler called him a greedy fantasist who wanted to implicate Libya in order to get a huge financial reward from the FBI .
Mr. Taler says Edwin Boje also lied about his dealings with the East German Stazi who he also sold timers to .
Mr. Boje testified that the timers were different but Mr. Taler claims they were exactly the same ones as the Libyans had .
He says the East Germans could have sold them to Palestinian terrorists who then blew up the plane .
Defense lawyers have said all along that it was Palestinians and not their Libyan clients who bombed Pan Am 103 .
The other witness Mr. Taler tore into was a Libyan double agent known as Jiaka .
Mr. Taler says Jiaka told lies about his client to his American paymasters , the CIA in order to remain on their payroll and eventually to move to the US .
He had sufficient cunning to produce spectacular but ultimately unverifiable stories to the CIA said Mr. Taler .
In short he is a man who tells lies for a living .
Mr. Taler wants the judges , who also serve as the jury , to reject the men 's testimony .
Closing arguments continued Thursday with a lawyer for the second accused expected to make his case .
Oran Comito for VOA News , Camp Zeist .
Yugoslav Foreign Minister Goran Spilanovic says his government will cooperate with the UN War Crimes Tribunal that indicted former President Slobodan Milosevic for crimes against ethnic Albanians in Kosovo .
He said Thursday in Washington Belgrade would fulfill its duties and responsibilities to the Hague Court , which took the action against Mr. Milosevic in 1999 .
In Cairo Sunday , Palestinian and Israeli security officials met with CIA Chief George Tenet to discuss reducing violence in the Palestinian territories .
A Pentagon commission has concluded that US commanders in the Middle East must focus more on safety and recommends tighter security measures .
A panel appointed by Secretary of Defense William Cohen after the suicide bombing on the US destroyer Cole , reportedly found security lapses for ships and aircraft moving throughout the region .
Cole , attacked in the Yemeni port of Aden last October , resulted in the death of seventeen sailors and the wounding of thirty - nine others .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators will resume peace talks today after a delay caused by the abduction and killing of a Jewish settler in Gaza .
A senior Palestinian negotiator says the session will be a follow - up to one held Saturday to discuss a set of peace compromises proposed by President Clinton .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak described Sunday 's killing as a serious blow to the peace process .
He called on Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to put an end to acts of violence , saying they do not serve any party .
In Spain the Basque separatist group Eta has claimed responsibility for three killings and various attacks in recent months .
Gill Gabrahall reports from Madrid .
In a communique published in two Basque newspapers The terrorist group ETA said it conducted a series of terrorist attacks since October .
Eta also threatened those who signed an anti-terrorist pact promoted by Spain 's two major political parties .
The Basque terrorist group admitted to killing former Socialist Health Minister Ernest Yuke on November 21st and then in December killing a Catalan town councilman and a busload of police officers .
With the publication of the communique Eta has now admitted to all 23 killings for which it was blamed last year after calling off a fourteen - month truce .
Eta has been blamed for more than 800 deaths in its 33 - year drive for an independent Basque homeland in northern Spain and southern France .
The terrorist group also claimed to have carried out a series of attacks including attempts to kill various journalists , placing a bomb in an elevator at a Basque university and bombing attacks against businesses that failed to pay its so called revolutionary tax .
Eta also threatened members of Spain 's ruling Popular Party and the main opposition Socialists .
In December the two parties signed an anti-terrorism pact to isolate the moderate but pro-independence Basque Nationalist Party or PNB .
The PNB has been ruling the autonomous Basque region of Spain with a minority government since it was abandoned by Eta 's political wing in the summer .
Eta does not want the PNB to cooperate with the two mainstream political parties .
The terrorist group justified its assassination of Socialist Ernest Yuke because he was in favor of stronger ties between his party and the PNB .
The Basque Chief Minister Gwan Jose Ibariche has pledged to call regional elections though Spain 's Socialists and the Popular Party have vowed not to form a regional coalition government with the PNB .
Gill Gabrahall for VOA News , Madrid .
Poland is calling for international inspections of Russian military bases in Kaleningrad to determine if Moscow is moving tactical nuclear weapons to its enclave on the Baltic Sea .
Russia strongly denies it has violated its commitment to keep the Baltic nuclear free .
In the West Bank Sunday , a 20 - year - old Palestinian woman was shot dead while driving on a road leading to Jewish settlements near Nablus .
She was the second Palestinian woman killed by Israeli forces in two days .
Meanwhile Israeli security services charged Sunday that a Jordanian prisoner suspected in a bus bombing in Netanya last month had been recruited by the Palestinian security services .
A Palestinian spokesman called that charge a fabrication .
A second round of Israeli - Palestinian peace talks ended Saturday night with no breakthrough reported .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and former Israeli Prime Minister Shimone Peres joined the talks .
Correspondent Laurie Cassman reports from Jerusalem , the two leaders held the first direct high level talks since November .
The goal of the meetings is to narrow differences over a US framework for negotiating a final peace settlement .
There is little optimism a final deal can be reached before President Bill Clinton leaves office next week , but the Arafat - Peres meeting represents the highest level encounter since last November .
That was when Shimone Peres tried to broker a cease - fire with Yasser Arafat to curb the violence .
Mr. Peres now describes the US proposals as the best framework for peace talks .
The Palestinians have conditionally accepted the ideas , but with a long list of reservations .
The talks are expected to resume later in the day to focus on how to renew security cooperation .
The groundwork has been laid through a series of confidence building measures on both sides .
Israel has started easing its closure of the West Bank and Gaza as Palestinian attacks against Israelis have subsided .
The meeting Saturday night lasted more than two hours .
No details of the substance of the talks have been released .
Israel 's Foreign Minister , former Chief of Staff and Prime Minister Ehud Barak 's top aide joined Nobel Laureate Shimone Peres for the talks .
Yasser Arafat was joined by his top peace negotiators and the head of preventive security in the Gaza Strip .
Just hours earlier two Palestinians were executed by a firing squad after being convicted of collaborating with Israel .
Crowds cheered the executions in Nablus and Gaza .
The Palestinian Justice Minister says it sends a clear message to anyone thinking about betraying his homeland .
The two men had been convicted of passing information or helping Israeli security assassinate Palestinian militants .
The Palestinians accuse Israel of actively targeting activists during the latest uprising .
Israel says it will hunt down anyone who plans or carries out terrorist attacks against Israelis .
More than three months of clashes , shootings and assassinations on both sides have claimed more than 360 victims , most of them Palestinians .
Laurie Cassman VOA News , Jerusalem .
Colombian President Andres Pastrana says the peace process with the country 's largest Marxist rebel group will be in danger if it is found responsible for Friday 's killing of an opposition lawmaker .
President Pestrana said Saturday there is what he calls serious evidence the revolutionary armed forces of Colombia shot and killed Congressman Diego Turbai .
Israeli - Palestinian peace talks have ended in Egypt with a statement declaring the two sides are closer than ever to a final agreement .
The head of the Israeli delegation , Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben - Ami called the five days of talks constructive .
We have had the most truthful , constructive , profound negotiations ever to be held since this phase in the peace talks has started .
We feel that today we are closer than ever to the possibility of striking the final deal between us and the Palestinians .
Mr. Ben - Ami said there is possibility that Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak might meet with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat next week .
The head of the Palestinian delegation , Ahmed Kurai says if opposition candidate Ariel Sharon comes to power in Israel 's election next month , the Palestinians are ready to negotiate with him .
Cuban leader Fidel Castro is setting up a lavish extravaganza on the island nation to welcome the new millennium , one year late for much of the rest of the world .
Many experts contend most of the world was at least technically wrong by bringing in the new millennium with massive celebrations last year .
These experts point out that the Gregorian calendar started in 1 AD and therefore , centuries ' millennia start with a one , not a zero .
They say this makes 2001 the first year of the third millennium .
For those observing the start of 2001 as a true dawn of the twenty - first century , the parties and fireworks are fewer and less elaborate than the 2000 celebrations .
In Cuba though , where President Castro had his country sit out last year 's revelry , they 'll be making up for it as major festivities are set .
Opinion polls in Israel show hard - liner Ariel Sharon widening his lead over Prime Minister Ehud Barak as the country 's February 6th election draws nearer .
A Jerusalem Post poll shows Mr. Sharon 's lead widening to 22 percentage points from 16 points last Friday .
Mr. Barak is facing mounting pressure from within his Labor Party to step aside and let elder statesman Shimon Peres run , but he said Wednesday at a campaign rally that no one dare approach him to drop out of the race .
At the Israeli - Palestinian peace talks in Egypt negotiating teams formed a group Monday to work on the massive issue of the future of four million Palestinian refugees .
Scot Bob reports from the Red Sea resort of Taba .
Before breaking for dinner delegates held two sessions lasting eight hours .
The mood here continues to be pessimistic , but relations between the two sides appear cordial and by Monday afternoon most delegates had dafted their coats and ties for more casual clothes .
Palestinian Parliament speaker Ahmed Kurai indicated however , an agreement is still not assured .
I can say that there are very serious discussions on issues which represent the keys of the agreement are in discussions .
There are still a gap , but we are working very seriously to see whether it 's possible .
Mr. Kurai said the topics under discussion include the issues of territory , Jerusalem and Palestinian refugees .
The talks began Sunday night .
Officials said they would meet for up to ten days in the hopes of forging agreement on at least some outstanding issues before Israel 's prime ministerial election in two weeks .
Scot Bob , VOA News , Taba , Egypt .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has held talks with Israeli Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben - Ami in Cairo but no breakthroughs toward a peace deal are reported .
The meeting , which lasted about two hours , followed Cairo talks earlier Wednesday between Mr. Ben - Ami and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak .
The Washington Post says the US Admiral overseeing the Navy probe of the terrorist bombing of the USS Cole is recommending that no one be punished despite evidence of security lapses aboard the ship .
The October 12th bombing in the port of Aden in Yemen killed seventeen sailors and wounded thirty - nine others .
The newspaper says that Admiral Robert Nader , the commander of the US Atlantic Fleet rejected the conclusions of a lower ranking investigating officer who determined that more security precautions should have been taken .
Yugoslav Foreign Minister Goran Spilianovich says his country must negotiate with the UN War Crimes Tribunal before former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic can be prosecuted .
Mr. Spilianovich spoke to reporters Friday during a visit to Washington .
He proposed negotiations to determine whether Mr. Milosevic should be tried in the Hague or in Yugoslavia .
Dave , at least 50 people have been wounded in violence during funerals in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
Meanwhile , a leader of the Hizbullah guerillas appeared on television calling on Palestinians to carry out suicide missions against Israel .
United Nation 's Secretary General Kofi Annan Wednesday announced two high level appointments .
VOA correspondent Breck Ardery reports from the United Nations .
Mr. Annan chose Rudd Lubbers as the next UN High Commissioner for Refugees .
Mr. Lubbers , former Prime Minister of the Netherlands will replace Cidako Ogada of Japan , who is retiring .
Mr. Lubbers will direct a huge UN agency with a more than one billion dollar annual budget and operations in 120 countries .
One major issue Mr. Lubbers will have to face is the problem of people who have fled their homes but remain in their own countries .
Such so - called internally displaced people are not now covered by the mandate of the High Commissioner for Refugees , but there is pressure to change that .
Secretary General Annan also named Faraya Ogade as the new head of the UN Population Fund , an agency that provides reproductive health and family planning assistance around the world .
Breck Ardery , VOA News at the United Nations .
Serbia remains tense today in the wake of a massive civil disobedience campaign begun Monday to force President Slobodan Milosevic to concede election defeat .
In nearly every Serbian city protestors marched in the streets demanding Mr. Milosevic recognize opposition candidate Vojislav Kostunica as the outright winner of last week 's presidential election .
Banks , coal mines and other institutions shut down as workers protested a second runoff election scheduled for this Sunday .
Mr. Milosevic accuses his opponents of using blackmail and bribery to organize the work stoppages that have brought much of Serbia to a standstill .
At a news conference in Belgrade , the President said Yugoslavia would face foreign occupation if Mr. Kostunica came to power .
The Clinton administration is clear on its view on the Milosevic move .
White House spokesman Jake Sewart .
He belongs out of power , out of Serbia and at the International Tribunal .
We will do everything we can to make sure that he makes his court date there .
Clashes between Palestinians and Israeli troops have followed Friday prayers in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , even as leaders of the two sides take steps to end five weeks of violence .
In Friday 's violence , two Palestinians were killed by gunfire in the West Bank and a number were wounded in other clashes .
The top advisor to Israel 's Prime Minister acknowledged that the Palestinian Authority is making efforts to implement a truce even as attacks against Israeli forces continued .
The battered US Navy destroyer Cole has begun its journey home from Yemen , 17 days after a suspected terrorist bomb tore a gapping hole in its side .
The attack killed 17 American sailors and wounded 39 .
Flanked by other US warships and guarded by aircraft , the ship was towed out of Aden Harbor to rendezvous with a huge Norwegian transport vessel that will carry the crippled ship back to the United States .
I 'm David Coler , VOA News .
Florida has announced the official results of last Tuesday 's presidential election .
Florida Secretary of State Katherine Harris said that out of 6 million votes cast Republican candidate George W. Bush received just 300 votes more than Democratic candidate Al Gore .
Ms. Harris also said that in obedience to a court ruling she will consider amending the results based on hand recounts in three Florida counties .
In accordance with today 's court ruling confirming my discretion in these matters , I 'm requiring a written statement of the facts and circumstances that would cause these counties to believe that a change should be made before the final certification of the statewide vote .
This written statement is due in our office by 2 p.m. tomorrow .
At stake are Florida 's 25 electoral votes .
Whoever wins them will become the next US President .
Ecuador 's economy is showing strong improvement .
Ecuador 's Central Bank reports a healthy economic recovery with growth in the second trimester of 2.4 percent .
This follows the country 's bold move to dollarize the economy .
VOA 's Greg Flankis reports from Quito , while the plan is working , economists still see some problems ahead .
Driving through the narrow streets of downtown Quito , taxi driver Abdun Mesios has nothing but praise for the dollarization of his country 's economy .
He says things are more stable now and that the transition from the former currency known as the sucre has not been difficult .
He says that people who work with the public are having to make change everyday and so they learned fast how to work with the money from the United States .
When the six month transition ended last month and all transactions in Ecuador moved to the dollar system , many merchants found they were short of change .
Jacqueline , who works in a small shop near Quito 's cathedral , says lack of coins is the biggest problem .
She says it happens all the time and that she loses money because they do n't have enough coins to make change .
The Ecuadorian government has minted coins that resemble US coins in an effort to provide more small change for merchants , but it has taken some time to reach all areas , in small rural communities in the countryside , because not enough dollars have made it into circulation there , but the government and President Gustavo Nobora considers these to be short - term problems and views the overall policy as a grand success .
Most people in the financial community agree .
Economist Maria Delapasvela , who works with the magazine Rabista Hastion says adopting the US dollar has put an end to Ecuador 's crisis atmosphere characterized by runs on banks and other disruptions .
She says the immediate effect of the dollarization has been the stabilization of the economy .
She says 1998 and 1999 were years in which Ecuador suffered the worst economic crisis in its history .
During that time , she notes , the sucre went from just over 6,000 to the dollar to almost 25,000 to the dollar .
Maria Delapasvela says conducting business in Ecuador had become a real challenge as factory and storeowners needed to keep an eye on currency fluctuation almost on an hourly basis in order to plan their purchases and sales .
She says inflation is now on the decline and bank deposits are increasing .
The transition to dollars was eased somewhat by a sharp increase in oil prices in the past year , which allowed oil - producing Ecuador to buy plenty of dollars on the international market , but Maria Delapasvela says now is the time to start thinking about what happens when the situation changes .
She asks what will happen when oil prices go back down and the country can no longer bring in sufficient dollars to sustain its economy .
The Ecuadorian economist says now is the time for the government to implement fiscal reforms and to stimulate competitiveness and diversification in the economy .
She says the Nobora government is rightfully proud of the immediate short - term effects of its dollarization policy , but that it needs to concentrate on the medium and long - term outlook .
She says , unless the government develops a plan soon to address Ecuador 's fundamental structural problems , the use of the US dollar as a medium of exchange will not be enough to keep the country 's economy healthy .
The experiment in Ecuador is being watched closely not only by the United States , which receives a certain benefit from the increased demand for dollars , but by other nations in the region .
The concept of dollarization has been discussed from Argentina to Mexico in the past few years .
Some US economists , in fact , had viewed Ecuador as a poor place to test the idea since its economy is still burdened by heavy external debt and its export sector is relatively undeveloped .
Still , as one observer puts it , officials in some nations may conclude that if dollarization can work here in Ecuador , it can work anywhere .
Greg Flykus , VOA News , Quito , Ecuador .
Israeli police have reclaimed control over the site of the Al - Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem .
Police officers tore down Palestinian flags and arrested rock throwing protestors .
About 10 Palestinians were killed in gun battles with Israeli forces during Friday 's day of rage in Jerusalem and the Palestinian territories .
President Clinton and the Democratic presidential candidate were among thousands of mourners who gathered in Missouri at a memorial service for Democratic Governor Mel Carnahan who died Monday in a plane crash .
The Pentagon denies US warships are steering clear of the Suez Canal in the wake of the apparent terrorist bombing of the destroyer Cole in Yemen although none has used the canal , since the attack on the Cole earlier this month .
VOA 's Alex Belida reports security along the Suez is being re-evaluated .
At the same time , US forces in two gulf countries have been put on alert against possible terrorist action .
Pentagon spokesman Ken Baken , says US forces in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia have now been placed on threat condition delta , the highest state of alert .
The move ordered Monday , follows the earlier decision to place US forces in Bahrain and Qatar on the same delta status , because of terrorist threats .
US forces in the Yemeni harbor of Aden were elevated to delta immediately following the deadly October 12th terrorist bombing of US destroyer Cole .
Mr. Baken says the heightened alert in Kuwait and Saudi Arabia , affects some 10,000 US military personnel in those two countries .
He says it was ordered because of what he termed credible threats , but he says no targets were specified .
The Pentagon spokesman is meanwhile disputing news reports saying the Defense Department has decided to order US Navy ships to temporarily stop using the Suez Canal out of fear of terrorist attack .
Mr. Baken says no such instructions have been given , but he acknowledges security along the canal is being constantly evaluated .
We are evaluating with the Egyptians .
Obviously , the security situation in the canal , we do that all the time .
So , with the Egyptians we both have a very fundamental interest in keeping the canal secure .
No US ships have transited through the canal since before the October 12th attack on the US destroyer Cole in Aden , but Mr. Baken says no ships were scheduled to make the trip for several weeks .
The badly damaged Cole has been towed out of Aden Harbor and is being loaded aboard a Norwegian owned heavy lift ship called the Blue Merlin .
Mr. Baken , says no decision has yet been made on the route the Blue Merlin will take to return the destroyer to the United States for repairs .
Alex Belida , VOA News , the Pentagon .
US Defense Secretary William Cohen plans to travel next week to nine Middle Eastern Gulf states for meetings with regional leaders .
Mr. Cohen will depart next Tuesday to visit Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , Bahrain , Oman , the United Arab Emirates , Qatar , Israel , Jordan and Egypt .
The Pentagon says , the Secretary will consult with defense officials in those countries and also visit US troops in the area .
US forces in the Gulf have been on high alert , since last month 's apparent terrorist bombing of the USS Cole , which killed 17 sailors .
An explosion struck the Cole , as it refueled in the Yemeni port of Aden .
Thank you very much , Dave .
Israelis and Palestinians have taken steps to end three weeks of violence , but have warned of difficulties as the clashes continue .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak says he doubts he can count on Palestinians as partners for peace .
Palestinian officials say Israel needs to remove soldiers from the outskirts of Palestinian cities .
The comments were made as Israelis eased travel restrictions on Palestinians as part of their efforts to end the violence by Friday .
There were sporadic clashes in several Palestinian areas Wednesday , but on a much lesser scale than in previous days .
The US State Department said steps were being taken in the right direction following the emergency summit of leaders earlier this week in Sharm El - Sheikh , Egypt .
Israeli and Palestinian representatives traded charges Wednesday in the first phase of an emergency United Nations General Assembly session on the violence in the Mid East .
VOA correspondent Breck Ardery reports from the United Nations .
The chief Palestinian observer to the United Nations , Nasir Al - Kidwa , told the assembly that Israel has broken occupying and colonial power in Palestinian lands .
Mr. Al - Kidwa said Israel uses savage force against Palestinians and then blames the victims for the violence , but Israeli UN Ambassador Yehud Lancry said the Palestinian Authority is helping to promote the violence by allowing extremists to appear on its radio and television broadcasts .
Mr. Lancry denied Israel has used excessive force saying it has simply protected its citizens .
The Assembly will resume its discussion of Mid East violence on Friday after receiving a report from UN Secretary General Kofi Annan .
Mr. Annan will review the effect of efforts earlier this week at Sharm El - Sheikh , Egypt to end the violence .
Breck Ardery , VOA News at the United Nations .
President Clinton says he hopes his talks with the top North Korean envoy here in Washington next week will help promote reconciliation with Pyong Yang .
Mr. Clinton said he also wants to , in his words , explore the possibilities during the meeting with North Korea 's Jo Myong Rok .
Speaking at the White House , Friday , the President said he is encouraged by the work done by South Korean President Kim Dae - jung and North Korean leader Kim Jong Il .
I 'm Dave Deforest , VOA News .
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan is traveling to Lebanon today in a bid to secure the release of three abducted Israeli soldiers .
Lebanese - based Hizbullah guerillas captured the soldiers , Saturday in an escalation of Mid East violence .
Tuesday , Mr. Annan met with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in a bid to end nearly two weeks of deadly clashes between Israeli soldiers and Palestinian protestors in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip .
Israeli military officials say violence subsided somewhat on Tuesday .
Israel has postponed its deadline for a stronger military reaction to the rioting .
More than 90 people have died in the fighting , mostly Palestinians .
President Clinton has again had telephone conversations with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , as well as talk with UN Secretary General Kofi Annan on ways to diffuse the Middle East crisis .
VOA correspondent David Gollust of the White House reports .
A trip to the region by Mr. Clinton to convene an emergency summit remains under discussion , although the White House insists no decision has been made .
The White House continues to stress Mr. Clinton 's willingness to make a Middle East trip if it will help diffuse the violence and get the parties back to negotiations .
They say they are still waiting to hear if the leaders will be responsive to unspecified US preconditions for such a trip , but they say no decision has been made to go despite an Israeli television report to the contrary .
The possibility of a Clinton mission to the area has gotten heavy media coverage , but spokesman Jake Seaworth told reporters restoring calm is the central issue and not Mr. Clinton 's travel plans .
Well , the President has spent a lot of time on the phone this weekend and this morning , not just discussing where and when , whether to have a summit , but whether we can break the cycle of violence and ultimately we are going to be focussed on the steps that may involve a trip , that may not involve a trip .
The President 's 15 - minute talk with Mr. Annan who was holding talks in the region also dealt with the tense situation along the Israeli - Lebanese border and this week 's kidnapping of three Israeli soldiers by Hizbullah guerillas .
David Gollust , VOA News at the White House .
Local elections took place peacefully across Colombia on Sunday despite violence that had marred the run - up to the elections .
Colombians voted for candidates for governors , mayors and town council members , many of them independents challenging the two traditional political parties .
Vordis Navaro reports from the capital Bogota .
The voting comes after several weeks of increased tensions with 21 candidates killed and more than 100 withdrawing from the elections citing intimidation .
During the past week alone , both rebel and paramilitary groups kidnapped eight political officials or candidates .
The two to influence the democratic process .
The government launched a massive security operation to counter the violence .
Some 150,000 soldiers and police were deployed across the country to stop any possible disruptions .
Voters were being checked before being allowed to enter the voting areas and police were patrolling around polling stations .
The security measures seem to have worked .
Polls closed a few incidents of trouble reported .
For the first time ever some Colombians voted in a zone under the control of the leftist insurgents waging a 36 - year - old war on the state .
The Colombian rebels considered the political system illegitimate but the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia or Farc allowed the elections to proceed nevertheless .
However , charges that the leftist rebels stole ballots caused election officials to void voting in one of the five Farc - controlled areas and the mayoral candidate openly backed by the Farc in the rebel stronghold of lost to an independent candidate .
The nationwide local elections are a test for Colombians ' two traditional parties the Liberals and the Conservatives .
They are increasingly blamed for Colombia 's woes and many of the candidates who won in major areas are independent of those political parties .
But beyond the thousands of seats up for grabs , leaders say the Colombia 's embattled democratic system is at stake .
Colombia has one of Latin America 's strongest electoral traditions and little history of military coups but fighting between rival paramilitary groups , government troops and rebel groups has left thousands dead and forced millions to flee their homes .
Vordis Navaro for VOA News , Bogota .
I 'm David Coller , VOA News .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak held coalition talks , Monday with Likud Party leader Ariel Sharon , but the two failed to agree on forming a national unity government .
A Likud official said they will meet again today .
The current explosion of violence between Palestinians and Israelis began more than three weeks ago , after Mr. Sharon visited a Jerusalem holy site .
Sporadic clashes continued , Monday in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
In the Gaza Strip Thursday , a young Palestinian on a bicycle wearing a black bag stuffed with explosives rammed an Israeli Army bunker killing himself and wounding one Israeli soldier .
The militant Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for the attack , the first suicide bombing during a month of clashes between Palestinian rioters and Israeli security forces .
Thirty - three US sailors injured in a deadly blast that left the USS Cole crippled in Yemen seaport Aden have come home .
The sailors returned to the United States after receiving medical treatment in Germany .
A military transport plane brought the injured sailors to their home base of Norfolk Virginia on Sunday where they received an emotional greeting from family members who were brought to the Navy facility from all over the United States .
Six more seriously injured shipmates stayed behind at Ramstein Air Force Base in Germany for further treatment .
Meanwhile , in Yemen scores of US forensic investigators have descended on Aden to begin probing Thursday 's blast which killed 17 sailors aboard the guided missile destroyer as it docked to refuel .
In a press briefing , the American Ambassador to Yemen Barbara Bodien commented on the explosion .
All the evidence does point very clearly that the explosion came outside the ship .
Now exactly who was behind it , what their motivation was and how they were able to arrange it that we ca n't speculate on , but certainly the explosion did come from outside the ship .
Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar has offered to mediate the latest violence in the Middle East .
He spoke by telephone Sunday with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
In other news , amazon.com , the leading US online retailer , is looking to tap into Japan 's multibillion - dollar e-commerce market .
Amazon unveiled its Japanese language website , which will feature 1.7 million Japanese and English language book titles .
Amazon plans to expand its product line some time next year .
This is Amazon 's first retail venture in Asia , its first website outside the United States .
Elaine Johanneson , VOA news , New York .
Afghanistan 's Taliban faction and the opposition Northern Alliance have agreed to peace talks sponsored by the United Nations .
The UN special envoy for Afghanistan Franchesco Bendrel says the world body has received separate letters from the two sides , pledging to participate in the negotiations with serious intent and to not abandon the process unilaterally .
Mr. Bendrel says he hopes to begin the talks next week , probably by shuttling between the two delegations at first .
If the talks go well , they would then move to indirect talks in the same city and finally face - to - face negotiations .
Israeli troops killed four Palestinians Tuesday as Israeli forces blockaded Palestinian towns and villages in reprisal for the killing of four Israelis .
Two of the Palestinians ' deaths were in the Gaza Strip , the third was in the West Bank town of Ramallah .
Late Tuesday , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak met with UN Secretary General Kofi Annan in London during a stopover at Heathrow airport on his way home from a visit in the United States .
In the Barent Sea , divers recovered more bodies , Sunday from the undersea wreckage of the Russian submarine Kursk .
All 118 seamen on the sub were killed after it was shattered by two explosions and crashed to the sea floor , last August .
As the recovery work proceeded , a memorial ceremony for the Kursk crew was held Sunday in a Russian military seaport .
Here in the United States county workers in Los Angeles , California have returned to their jobs as union negotiators continue contract talks with local officials .
VOA 's Michael Sullivan reports that workers are responding to a request from the city 's Roman Catholic archbishop .
More than 40,000 workers were back at their jobs Thursday following a 1 - day walkout that closed social welfare offices and crippled public medical services .
During the work stoppage Wednesday , local residents were unable to register marriages or get documents for a real estate transaction .
People at one records office found no one on duty to help them .
The return to work Thursday came at the urging of Catholic cardinal Roger Mahodi who said the labor dispute was hurting the poor who rely on public services .
In response to his plea , union officials agreed to try to resolve their differences through negotiations .
The back - to - work agreement angered some of the strikers , however , who called the decision a sellout .
The labor dispute is over wages .
Workers want a 15.5 % pay raise over three years , the county has offered 9 % .
A separate work stoppage by Los Angeles transit workers is now in its 27th day .
That strike affects 450,000 bus and subway riders , many of them low - income workers .
An issue in that strike is a management plan to hire more part - time drivers and limit overtime pay .
Talks are at a standstill , but 4,000 striking drivers have promised to respond to the latest management offer , Thursday .
Mike O'Sullivan , VOA News , Los Angeles .
It 's time now to look at professional soccer and rugby and how it can be bad for a player 's health .
This is according to two British medical studies .
As we hear now from VOA 's David McClary , lifetime injuries are common and in the case of rugby , increasing .
A study of nearly 300 former British professional soccer players finds that nearly half have suffered the chronic joint disease " osteoarthritis " often as early as age 40 .
Most have the disease in two or more joints .
Nearly one third of those surveyed had surgery at least once since retiring , mostly on knees with knee replacement a common option .
The Coventry University researchers who report the findings in the British Journal of Sports Medicine say anxiety and depression are common among those so injured , possibly as a result of pain and impaired mobility .
A second study in the same journal finds that injuries among Rugby Union players have nearly doubled since the sport became professional five years ago , from 27 % to 47 % .
The Scottish researchers say one possible explanation is the use of padded equipment .
They suggest it gives a false sense of security causing more aggressive play .
David McClary , VOA News , Washington .
Welcome to another hour of news and information on The Voice of America .
I 'm David Chadwick with VOA News Now .
President Clinton is criticizing a proposal to open up food and medicine sales to Cuba , but toughen restrictions on travel there .
VOA 's David Swan reports .
The House of Representatives is expected to vote on the measure next week .
Mr. Clinton says he will withhold final judgment until he sees details of the plan , which Members of Congress hammered out Thursday night , but he tells reporters that if the deal was what it appears to be , the lawmakers made a big mistake .
It looks like it eases the embargo on food and medicine , but it probably does n't very much because it does n't provide any financing credits , which we give to other poor countries , whereas it definitely restricts the ability of the executive branch to increase people - to - people contacts between Americans and Cubans .
The agreement which is part of a larger foreign bill , came after more than a year of political warfare and bargaining over the always sensitive subject of Cuba .
The measure would allow American food and medicine to be sold there for the first time in close to 40 years .
It also applies to four other nations where trade has been restricted , Iran , Sudan , Libya and North Korea , but Cuban - American House Members who fiercely oppose anything that might ease pressure on President Castro demanded concessions .
So , as Mr. Clinton noted , the plan bars American banks from financing the food sales , which means Havana would have to pay cash or obtain credits from third countries .
Another part of the legislation would tighten restrictions on American travel to Cuba .
The Castro government has already rejected the deal , saying it will not buy anything under these terms .
In contrast , the proposal supporters call it an opening to Cuba and an important shift in policy .
One leading farm group , the American Farm Bureau Federation describes it as a positive first step and much better than current law .
It appears Congress is not prepared to take any bigger steps on the issue this year .
David Swan , VOA News , Capitol Hill .
01:45 Universal Time .
This is VOA News now .
A new and simple blood test may soon be available to help doctors tell which of their diabetic patients is most likely to develop crippling and life - threatening complications .
VOA 's Jessica Berman explains .
Researcher Andrew Levi says scientists have long been puzzled by the question of which diabetics develop complications and why .
We know that the complications are directly related to a couple of things .
One is how long you 've had the diabetes , how well you 've been controlled , but it 's clear that people with the same level of control of their glucose , same duration of the diabetes differ dramatically in their susceptibility to these complications that are so devastating .
Dr. Levi says one third of insulin taking patients ends up with kidney failure and 80 % develop blinding eye disease .
Scientists have suspected there must be something different about the genetic make - up of diabetics who develop complications ; and that difference may have to do with haptoglobin , a protein whose function is to mop up blood vessel destroying free radicals .
The free radicals are released when oxygen carrying red blood cells called haemoglobin die .
Andrew Levi says there are three different types of haptoglobin and he and his colleagues at Israel 's Technion Institute have found that one type of haptoglobin called Type 1 - 1 appears protective against diabetic complications while the other two types do not .
Researchers at Technion Institute led by Dr. Levi have developed a simple blood test to let doctors and patients know who is most likely to develop diabetic complications .
I 'm David Coller , VOA News .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak called his cabinet into special session late Wednesday , to discuss what he called a grave escalation of the level of violence in the Palestinian territory .
The meeting came after three Israeli soldiers and at least two Palestinians were killed on the West Bank .
In Washington , acting Israeli Foreign Minister Shalome Ben - Ami called the situation extremely grave .
, let us call it a war or if you prefer , a mini war .
So , this is a war in many senses and the Palestinians are shooting at our soldiers , and therefore we need to address this issue not as a civilian uprising , but as a military confrontation .
At least 160 people have been killed in the past five weeks , most of them Palestinians .
The US Navy has issued a revised timetable of events leading to last week 's deadly bombing of the destroyer USS Cole in the Yemeni port of Aden .
VOA Pentagon correspondent Alex Belida reports , the new timeline raises new questions about how the apparent terrorist attack was carried out .
The Navy now says the blast occurred nearly two hours after the destroyer had moored for refueling in Aden Harbor , not during the mooring operation itself .
Originally Navy officials said a small boat that assisted in securing the ship 's lines or whose movements were masked by the mooring operation pulled aside the Cole and blew up in an apparent suicide attack .
A Navy spokesman , Commander Greg Smith offers no new explanation of the circumstances leading to the blast , saying that is now a matter for criminal investigators .
However , Commander Smith says , the Navy remains firm in its assessment that the explosion was the result of a terrorist attack and not a refueling accident , even though the new time table confirms refueling was underway .
That raises questions about how a single boat could have approached without raising the suspicions of armed guards posted as part of the heightened alert status required for the Cole 's port visit .
Alex Belida , VOA News , the Pentagon .
Judges at the Flight 103 Lockerbie trial are expected to rule Thursday if a diary belonging to one of the accused can be used as evidence .
The defendant 's diary was discovered by Scottish police during an investigation in Malta in April 1991 .
The defense claims that police search was illegal and therefore the diary can not be admitted as evidence .
David Coller , VOA News .
President Clinton leaves for East Asia today to attend the annual Asia Pacific Economic Co-operation Summit , held this year in Brunei .
The meeting of leaders from the 21 Pacific Rim countries is expected to be the last major international conference and last overseas trip for Mr. Clinton as the US President .
He will hold separate sideline meetings of the summit with a number of leaders , including Russian President Vladimir Putin , China 's Jiang Zemin , South Korea 's Kim Dae - jung , and Japanese Prime Minister Yoshiro Mori .
On Friday , Mr. Clinton will travel to Vietnam to become the first US President to visit that country since the end of the Vietnam War in 1975 .
One other Major League baseball manager is now looking for a new team to lead .
The Toronto Blue Jays have decided not to renew the contract of Jim Firgossy after the team placed third in the American League Eastern Division for two straight seasons .
Toronto finished with the mediocre 83 and 79 record and Firgossy 's contract expired at the end of the season .
Before the Blue Jays ' announcement Tuesday Firgossy said that he felt that he would not be asked to return .
General manager Gord Ash says he felt the team needed a different manager to become a playoff contender .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak have made progress to end weeklong violence in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
The Paris talks mediated by US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright Wednesday .
The two sides agreed to improve security arrangements in areas engulfed by the violence .
Later , all three met with French President Jacques Chirac .
Mr. Chirac said an important step had been taken to return to calm .
Ms. Albright and the Israeli and Palestinian leaders are due in Egypt today for talks with President Hosni Mubarak .
The US Navy now says the USS Cole was being refueled when an explosion ripped through it in Yemen last week , killing 17 .
The revised accounting of the incident was given in a Navy statement Friday raising new questions about how the small boat carrying the explosives was able to get near the ship and set off the blast .
Major League baseball 's National League champion New York Mets fortified their teams ' leadership on Tuesday by resigning Manager Bobby Valentine and General Manager Steve Phillips .
One of the Mets ' owners , Nelson Doubleday told a New York newspaper that Valentine 's contract was for three years at $ 7.5 million and with Phillips was for three years at $ 3 million .
The fifty - year - old Valentine replaced Dallas Green as the Mets ' manager on August 26th , 1996 .
Since then , he has led the team to four consecutive winning seasons , including back - to - back post-season berths and the franchise 's first trip to the World Series in 14 years .
Valentine said he knew he wanted to stay in New York .
We think after the last game when Mike and Fonse and Alan John amongst the others , came in and literally asked me to stay , that I knew at that time , probably could have offered a lot less , that I was going to stay .
Valentine had been under contract through midnight Tuesday , while Phillips was under contract through December .
By resigning Valentine before his contract expired , the Mets avoided a bidding war for his services .
The Cincinnati Reds had expressed an interest in him and the Los Angeles Dodgers , Philadelphia Phillies , and Toronto Blue Jays are also without managers .
In Yemen , a bomb threat has forced the tightening of security at the hotel housing US investigators probing the attack on the USS Cole .
Pentagon spokesman Ken Bacon told reporters the situation caused the Secretary of Defense to call US field commanders .
The Secretary held a video conference call with all the Commanders in Chiefs , as well as the Service Chiefs and the Service Secretaries and the topic was force protection .
The hotel has been hosting scores of investigators who are looking into the apparent suicide bomb attack on the Navy destroyer that killed 17 US sailors two weeks ago .
Hello again and welcome , I am David Chadwick .
Israeli helicopter gunships were pressed into service Wednesday , as gun battles with Palestinians erupted on the West Bank near Bethlehem and at the border crossing into Gaza .
At least five Palestinian demonstrators and three Israeli soldiers were killed .
Both sides reported many injured .
Against that bloody backdrop , there were diplomatic efforts to call a ceasefire , but after a Washington meeting with US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright , acting Israeli Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben - Ami said what 's happening is not a civilian uprising as the Palestinians claim , but a military confrontation , a mini war , as he put it .
Palestinian negotiator Sayeb Erekat is expected to meet separately with Mrs. Albright and UN Secretary General Kofi Annan , later this week .
Meanwhile , in the Middle East , former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres met with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat with whom he once shared the Nobel Peace Prize .
VOA 's Laurie Cassman reports there apparently was no breakthrough .
The Peres - Arafat meeting lasted for about two hours , but neither man had any comments on the contents of the discussions .
Earlier in the evening Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak said he was sending Mr. Peres with a message to the Palestinian leader to end the violence now .
For his part , Palestinian officials say Mr. Arafat wanted to call on Mr. Peres to get the Israelis to stop the fighting .
The meeting took place after an afternoon and evening of fierce clashes between the Israeli military and Palestinians in several West Bank towns and Gaza .
Three Israeli soldiers and at least half a dozen Palestinians including one policeman were killed in separate clashes .
After an emergency meeting with his security advisors Wednesday night , Prime Minister Barak warned of a tough response if the violence continues .
The Army will act firmly , he says , but without being drawn into adventurism .
Palestinian media says it has been warned to evacuate its broadcasting facility .
Radio says military commanders have provided Mr. Barak with a list of targets , but his word of caution against what he calls adventurism indicates heightened Israeli sensitivity to international accusations of an exaggerated use of force against the Palestinians .
Chief Palestinian negotiator Sayeb Erekat says he was prevented by Israeli security from leaving his home in Jericho because of the fighting there .
Israeli combat helicopters are reported to have hit a hotel and casino in Jericho and a building of the Palestinian Authority .
Mr. Erekat is due to travel to Washington to meet with US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and other US officials attempting to win a ceasefire .
Mrs. Albright has already met with Israel 's acting Foreign Minister .
Laurie Cassman , VOA News , Jerusalem .
Amnesty International says Israel 's military tactics exhibit a pattern of gross human rights violations that could constitute war crimes .
A London - based human rights organizations says Israel 's use of tanks and helicopters is far out of proportion to the threat posed by Palestinian stone throwers .
Amnesty also criticized Palestinians for attacking Israeli civilians and said the Palestinian Authority is not doing enough to keep children away .
I 'm David Deforest , VOA News .
At least 50 people have been wounded in violence during Palestinian funerals in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
Stone - throwing Palestinians clashed with Israeli soldiers , Saturday as thousands of mourners gathered for burials of four Palestinians killed Friday .
There was also a shoot - out between Palestinian militants and Israeli soldiers late Saturday in the West Bank town of Jeneme .
A leader of the Hezbollah guerillas appeared on television calling on Palestinians to carry out suicide missions against Israel .
There are fears in Israel of a renewed suicide bombing campaign following a suicide bicycle attack against an Israeli military post in the Gaza Strip .
The suicide bomber blew himself up Thursday as his bicycle reached a concrete barrier at the Israeli post .
An Israeli soldier was slightly hurt .
The Islamic Jihad group claimed responsibility for the bombing and said in a statement it would continue the suicide attacks .
The US Senate has passed the bill allowing food and medicine sales to Cuba potentially easing 40 - year - old trade sanctions against the Communist ruled island .
The measure now goes on to President Clinton who said he will sign it .
It allows Cuba to buy food and medicine from the United States for the first time since 1962 , but the bill restricts US financing of such sales and also continues a US travel ban to Cuba .
The bill is meant to ease the trade sanctions , but Cuba says , the financial conditions will make it impossible to buy US food .
Cuba 's Communist Party officials have vowed not to spend one cent on US goods .
President Fidel Castro Wednesday led a massive protest rally in Havana against the bill 's restrictions .
We have more on that story on our dateline segment later in this hour .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is heading to Washington for talks today with President Clinton as deadly clashes continue in the Gaza Strip and West Bank .
Mr. Barak says expectations are low for a quick end to the six weeks of violence .
Mr. Clinton met with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday .
Meanwhile , six more Palestinians and another Israeli soldier have been killed in the latest violence .
I 'm Dave Deforest , VOA News .
Tens of thousands of Serbs have taken to the streets of towns and cities throughout Yugoslavia to celebrate as President - elect Vojislav Kostunica prepares to take office .
Outgoing President Slobodan Milosevic congratulated Mr. Kostunica in a Friday television appearance .
We get the latest from VOA correspondent Eve Cornette in Belgrade .
Slobodan Milosevic appeared on Serbian television to announce he had just received official information recognizing the electoral victory of Vojislav Kostunica .
Mr. Milosevic said I believe this decision must be respected and for the first time describes the opposition leader as President - elect , but he said he would not ignore the support of those who did vote for him in election of September 24th and would therefore lead his forces to become a strong opposition party , which he said would win convincingly in the next round of elections .
Mr. Kostunica said he met with Mr. Milosevic and described the talks as positive because he said there was a lot of concern over the peaceful transfer of power .
Yugoslavia 's Army Chief congratulated Mr. Kostunica on his victory and assured television viewers the armed forces would support Yugoslavia 's new leader .
Eve Cornette , VOA News , Belgrade .
President Clinton called Yugoslavia 's popular uprising against Slobodan Milosevic as an extraordinary victory for the Serbian people .
The people there have done an astonishing thing .
This is just as big a blow for freedom as we saw when the Berlin Wall was torn down and when Lech Walensa led the shipyard workers in Poland , when the transformations occurred in all these other former communist countries , and it reverses a ten - year effort .
It is an extraordinary day .
Mr. Clinton pledged Friday that the United States and its allies would work together to lift sanctions to bring Yugoslavia out of isolation .
The European community wants to lift sanctions as early as Monday .
President Clinton has met with the highest - ranking North Korean official ever to visit the United States .
US officials described the one - hour White House meeting , Tuesday between Mr. Clinton and Vice - marshall Jo Myong Rok as very positive , direct and warm .
US officials say the crippled US Navy destroyer Cole is ready to be moved out of Aden back to its homeport of Norfolk , Virginian .
A huge Norwegian transport vessel is to carry the Cole across the Atlantic Ocean .
Following the suspected terrorist attack that killed 17 of the Cole 's sailors , US officials say they are still piecing together evidence they hope will lead to the capture of those responsible .
And right now let 's get the latest world news .
I am David Coller , VOA News .
Ivory Coast 's newly elected President Loran Gbagbo plans to announce his government today .
Mr. Gbagbo has ruled out new elections , but is promising to set up what he calls a broad - based government of national unity .
In Washington , State Department spokesman Phil Reeker said new elections are necessary .
The election October 22nd was failed and fundamentally flawed from the outset due to the exclusion of major party candidates and other machinations leading up to the election .
It 's going to be very important for the voices of the disenfranchised Ivorians to be heard and in that sense the holding of free , fair and inclusive elections will be needed to fully restore the government or put to fore its legitimacy and bring democracy back to .
Fresh violence broke out Thursday between the Gbagbo supporters and backers of rival opposition leader Alassane Ouattara , who was barred from Sunday 's voting .
At least 20 people were killed .
And at one forty - five Universal time you are listening to the Voice of America .
Monkey experiments by an international research team have reversed the brain degeneration typical of Parkinson 's Disease by placing repair proteins inside a disabled AIDS virus .
As we hear from David McAlary , the work is being hailed as a breakthrough in an effort to end Parkinson 's deterioration .
Patients with advanced Parkinson 's are easy to spot .
Degeneration of brain cells or neurons causes them to shake , shuffle and stoop .
The neurons produce less and less of the chemical dopamine that helps relay signals between them .
Dopamine replacement with drugs is the main therapy but it loses effectiveness as the disease progresses .
The next step is transplanting nerve tissue from a fetus to replace the lost dopamine neurons , but that is a costly , risky surgery .
Now a US - Swiss - French group has successfully tested a third approach in monkeys , one that delivers the seeds of a dopamine neuron nourishment protein directly to the brain by injection .
It works as a protectant of the cell so to stop the disease in its tracks .
This is study leader Jeffery Codover of Rush Presbyterian St. Lukes Medical Center in Chicago .
The stimulating brain protein his team used is called GDNF .
Previous studies have shown that GDNF keeps dopamine cells healthy but the problem has been getting it to the brain .
As a defense , the brain 's blood vessels prevent most compounds from entering from the blood stream making it difficult to design a Parkinson 's drug .
To overcome this , Mr. Codover 's team injected a gene to make GDNF right into the monkey 's brains .
To transport the gene , Louisiane University researchers devised an HIV virus stripped of its infecting machinery .
When they injected the altered virus into brains of aging animals with early Parkinson 's it conveyed the attached GDNF gene efficiently , causing dopamine cells to produce the rescue protein on site .
When we delivered GDNF via gene therapy in these aged monkeys we were able to completely reverse all the cellular changes , degenerative changes that are seen in aged monkeys as they relate to Parkinson 's Disease .
The researchers report in the journal Science that the gene therapy also restored coordinated movement in young monkeys in which Parkinson 's was chemically induced .
The benefits of the treatment appear permanent or at least very long - lasting as GDNF genes continually produce the rescue protein .
Mr. Codover says that in people , it would be tested as preventive therapy rather than one for existing symptoms .
Most current clinical trials in Parkinson 's Disease are directed towards symptomatic therapy or towards more advanced patients .
This type of therapy is directed towards more early patients with the emphasis on preventing the progression of the disease rather than replacing lost neurons or more symptomatic types of benefits .
In Stockholm , Sweden Carolinska Institute neuroscientist Lars Olson says if gene delivery works well in people , it would be the best Parkinson 's treatment yet .
It would be better because you would n't have to take medication and you would n't have to do cell transplantation either .
It might be a treatment that you would have to do only once or perhaps a few times during life with the illness .
Mr. Olson says the treatment might also be applied to other brain diseases in which nerve cells degenerate , but he warns of a major hurdle in assuring patients get the proper dose of gene therapy because too much is bad .
If you over - stimulate other neighboring dopamine neurons you might get side effects similar to some of the symptoms seen in schizophrenia for instance .
For use in patients one would like to have a system where the activity of the delivered gene could be controlled .
Jeffery Cooover says he is now testing ways of regulating gene delivery in monkeys .
He hopes to try the procedure in people within five years following US government review .
David McAlary , VOA News , Washington .
President Clinton has lifted oil and travel sanctions against Yugoslavia as the Balkan country 's new leader says he is ready to resume diplomatic ties with Washington .
Mr. Clinton Thursday said the victory of freedom in Serbia is one of Europe 's most hopeful developments since the fall of the Berlin wall .
I 'm Dave Deforest , VOA News .
President Clinton urged Congress Monday to approve 435 million dollars to cut the debt of the world 's poorest countries .
Mr. Clinton said the money is easily within the US ability to pay .
Now let me remind you , we 're talking here about 15,000 of our budget , to lift the burden of debt around the world for years to come .
We 're talking about giving as many as 33 nations a chance for a new beginning and about doing good works that our different faiths demand of us .
Mr. Clinton was joined by several key republican leaders .
Congress has so far failed to provide the full amount that the White House has sought .
United Nations has restored full membership to Yugoslavia , eight years after it lost its voting rights .
VOA 's Breck Ardery reports from the UN .
The General Assembly enthusiastically approved Yugoslavia 's membership by acclamation after receiving a positive recommendation Tuesday , from the UN Security Council .
Assembly President Harry Holkerry made the official announcement .
I therefore declare the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia admitted to membership in the United Nation .
The action ends eight years of isolation of Yugoslavia at the United Nations .
When Yugoslavia began breaking up in 1992 , the General Assembly stripped the nation of its voting rights and ruled Yugoslavia must reapply for UN membership , but it never did until a few days ago when the new democratically elected President of Yugoslavia , Vojislav Kostunica sent a formal request to the United Nations .
US Ambassador Richard Holbrooke said , President Kostunica is to be congratulated .
We congratulate President Kostunica on his leadership in bringing peaceful and democratic change to Yugoslavia .
We congratulate his colleagues in the brave democracy movement that brought the will of the people to power in Belgrade .
President Kostunica has sent a special envoy to the United Nations , Goran Slevonovich , who told the General Assembly the new government in Yugoslavia will work with its neighbors to overcome problems .
To that end , Yugoslavia will be a trustful neighbor and a conscientious member of the international community and will invest its best efforts to promote peace and stability in the region , as well as worldwide .
Mr. Slevonovich also thanked those nations that supported the democratic movement in Yugoslavia in what he called a hard and often uphill battle .
Breck Ardery , VOA News , at the United Nations .
I 'm David Coller , VOA News .
At least six US sailors were killed and more than 30 wounded , Thursday in an apparent suicide attack on a US warship in Yemen .
VOA 's Alex Belida reports from the Pentagon .
The crew of destroyer USS Cole had no reason to expect trouble when the ship pulled into Aden Harbor for a brief routine refueling stop .
The crew , especially saw nothing to fear from a small support boat , sent out by harbor authorities to assist in the mooring process , but that small boat was apparently loaded with explosives and manned by suicide bombers .
As it pulled up to the US destroyer , it blew up , tearing a gaping hole in the Cole 's side .
Admiral Vern Clark , the Chief of Naval Operations , says there had been no threats or warnings ahead of the port call .
He says other recent refueling visits by US ships to Aden had gone off without incident .
Because of general concerns about security in the Mid East , armed guards had been posted on the ship 's deck .
Other standard safety and security measures were also being observed .
Alex Belida , VOA News , the Pentagon .
President Clinton has signed into law a bill allowing US exports of food and medicine to Cuba .
Nevertheless , Mr. Clinton says he is not satisfied with the measure .
It purports to allow the export of American products to Cuba , yet it makes it virtually impossible for family farmers to arrange the financing that enables such sales to take place .
The new law bars the US government and US banks from providing funds for such exports at the insistence of Cuba 's congressional critics .
The law also prevents Mr. Clinton or his successor from easing restrictions on travel to the Communist country .
Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has issued an order confining all military and police to their barracks .
The President is locked in a power struggle with former intelligence service chief Vladimiro Monticenos .
Mr. Fujimori told reporters late Wednesday , he ordered a complete freeze on movements by the Armed Forces .
President Fujimori has been leading a purge of the military of those loyal to Mr. Monticenos , the former spy master , whose surprise return to Peru on Monday triggered speculation of a possible coup .
Monday , Israeli forces began using helicopter gun ships against Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip who were armed with stones and automatic weapons .
The fighting also spread to Arab villages inside Israel .
In New York , the UN Security Council is holding a closed door meeting on the clashes that began last Thursday after Israeli opposition leader Ariel Sharon made a controversial visit to a site in East Jerusalem sacred to both Muslims and Jews .
A Chinese writer who was once forced to burn his writings to save himself from Communist zealots has won the Nobel Prize for Literature .
Ghow Ching Zheng , who now lives and writes in France , was chosen by the Swedish Academy for what it called his writing about individual rights .
Mr. Ghow 's works , including ` The Other Shore ' are banned in China .
That 's our news summary .
I 'm David Coller , VOA News .
The UN General Assembly voted late Wednesday on membership for Yugoslavia .
Assembly President Harri Holkeri announced that the vote in favor was by acclamation .
I therefore declare the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia admitted to membership in the United Nation .
US Ambassador Richard Holbrooke said the results of the recent elections in Yugoslavia proved Belgrade was ready to rejoin the nations of the world .
We congratulate President Kostunica on his leadership in bringing peaceful and democratic change to Yugoslavia .
We congratulate his colleagues in the brave democracy movement that brought the will of the people to power in Belgrade .
The world body head declared Yugoslavia 's UN seat vacant eight years ago after former President Slobodan Milosevic came to power .
I 'm David Coler , VOA News .
The White House announced , Sunday that President Bill Clinton will meet Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Thursday and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak next Sunday .
A White House spokesman said the talks will be held separately and their goal is the ending of violence in the Middle East .
Sporadic clashes continued Sunday in the Gaza Strip and two Palestinians were killed by Israeli forces .
United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Emily Robinson came perilously close to swelling the casualty tolls Sunday when a convoy carrying her through the West Bank was fired upon , but Ross Dunn reports , she escaped unharmed if unhappy .
Mrs. Robinson , the head of the UN Human Rights Commission , got a first hand look at the violence sweeping through the Palestinian territories when she visited the West Bank town of Hebron .
They bulleted a car and a three - vehicle convoy transporting Mrs. Robinson and her staff as she toured one of the major flash points in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
No one was hurt in the shooting but eyewitnesses reported that the UN Human Rights Chief was visibly upset following the incident .
Mrs. Robinson is on a fact - finding mission following complaints by Palestinians that Israeli soldiers have used excessive force in a bid to quell more than six weeks of rioting in the territories .
The shooting of her convoy followed an exchange of gunfire between Israeli soldiers and Palestinian gunmen .
Both Israel and the Palestinians blamed each other for the attack .
The Israeli Army said that the Palestinian gunmen had fired at Mrs. Robinson 's car .
Palestinian police said that militant Jewish settlers in Hebron had fired at the convoy in an Israeli controlled part of the town .
Although the town is under the civil control of the Palestinian Authority , Israeli troops are stationed in the center of Hebron to protect about 400 Jewish settlers .
The settlers worship at a shrine in the heart of the town , holy to both Muslims and Jews , and say they will never leave Hebron despite almost daily attacks in the past six weeks against their homes .
Ross Dunn for VOA News , Jerusalem .
The United Nations says nearly two million people in the Democratic Republic of Congo are at risk of starvation .
A World Food Program spokeswoman says if action is not taken quickly , thousands of people will die .
Welcome to another hour of news and information on The Voice of America .
I 'm David Chadwick , with VOA News Now .
The death toll in Colombia from three days of heavy fighting between soldiers and rebels now stands at more than 100 .
At least 54 soldiers and 50 guerillas have died in clashes around the northeastern cities of Bagado and Dabiara .
Nearly all of the government buildings in those two cities , have been reportedly destroyed .
The clashes began Wednesday , when the rebel Revolutionary Armed Forces of Columbia launched attacks on a number of northeastern towns .
An Army helicopter went down close to the border with Panama , killing all 22 soldiers on board .
Egypt says runoff elections will be needed for most of the 134 seats contested in last Sunday 's second round of parliamentary voting .
Dave Gavlak reports the opposition is not happy at the idea of having to re-fight so many seats .
Fire bombing and rioting by opposition forces greeted the news of the results of Egypt 's secondary round of parliamentary elections .
Security officials reported that an independent candidate and 25 supporters have been arrested for throwing molitoff cocktails at a vote counting tent in Shakia province , north east of Cairo .
Supporters of another independent in the Nile Delta city of Mansura , attacked homes and threw stones at a police station and a clinic .
Officials said police arrested 40 people after the incidents .
Meanwhile , security forces also arrested 36 supporters of the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood after election - related violence erupted in two Nile Delta towns of Abulkabir and Sandup .
Officials said the crowd burnt tires and threw stones .
The officials also charged that some Muslim Brotherhood supporters tried to snatch ballot boxes from judges supervising the elections .
Police said they responded by using water cannons and tear gas .
Election officials say Egypt 's ruling National Democratic Party and independents each won nine parliamentary seats outright .
The Interior Ministry said that the remaining 116 places will be decided in runoff polls on Saturday between the top two finishers for each seat .
The second round of voting took place in nine governorates or administrative districts in the country .
Egypt is carrying out a three phase election because of a recent decision to have judges monitor polling stations in a bid to avoid vote rigging .
The country does not have enough judicial representatives to hold the one - day election .
None of the 27 nominally independent candidates backed by the banned Muslim Brotherhood won seats in the second phase of voting so far .
The Egyptian government has carried out a vigorous crack - down on the Islamist group , which says it takes peaceful means to bring about an Islamic government .
President Hosni Mubarak 's ruling party now controls at least 127 of the 444 parliamentary seats , the Muslim Brotherhood has won six , legal opposition parties control four and other independent candidates have cornered 29 , but these numbers are subject to change as some independent winners pledged their loyalty to President Mubarak 's party .
The Brotherhood has been two candidates in the three stages of voting .
The group has accused the government of harassing and intimidating its candidates and supporters .
The final stage of voting is scheduled for November 8 and includes the capital Cairo .
The new legislature is expected to convene in mid December .
Dale Gavlack for VOA News , Cairo .
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan appealed to Israel and the Palestinians Tuesday to get back to the bargaining table .
Mr. Annan met with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , then told reporters the region has suffered enough .
It is not an issue just for Prime Minister Barak and Chairman Arafat .
It is not an issue even for the idea of a role .
It is for all of us .
The population have a role to play , the Palestinian and Israeli to work together to bring these things down .
We all have a responsibility .
Among the other diplomatic contacts Tuesday , both sides met with Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov and European Union Security Chief Javier Solana .
Mr. Barak also spoke Tuesday night with President Clinton and French President Jacques Chirac .
The death toll in Colombia from three days of heavy fighting between soldiers and rebels there now stands at more than 100 .
That 's a brief look at the news .
I 'm Dave Deforest in Washington .
Welcome to another hour of news and information on The Voice of America .
I 'm David Chadwick with VOA News now .
In what diplomats call a historic move , the United Nations General Assembly , Tuesday approved a resolution which was jointly sponsored by the governments of North Korea and South Korea .
VOA 's Breck Ardery reports from the UN .
The resolution hails last June 's summit meeting between the leaders of the two Koreas and encourages the two sides to lay a solid foundation for the peaceful reunification of Korea .
The resolution was a collaboration involving North Korean Ambassador Li Hyong Chow and Ambassador Sung Chul Yang of South Korea and was co-sponsored by more than 150 other nations .
Support for the resolution was so overwhelming , it was adopted by consensus without a vote .
Ambassador Sung told reporters the resolution was truly historic because it changes the United Nations from an arena of confrontation on Korea to one of co-operation .
In a sense , the reintroduction of the Korean issue to the United Nations signifies a crucially important turn - around of the history in the relationship between South Korea and North Korea .
In other words , this is a new and fresh start toward genuine peace on the Korean Peninsula .
In a statement on the resolution , the North Korean government said the General Assembly 's action indicates firm support of all member states for peace , security , and reunification of Korea .
On the subject of reunification , South Korean Ambassador Sung said that while it is something to aspire to , reunification will probably take years to achieve .
Breck Ardery , VOA News at the United Nations .
In Egypt , President Hosni Mubarak 's ruling party is claiming victory in the second of three rounds of voting in parliamentary elections , but as VOA 's Scott Bob reports from Cairo , Islamic candidates also made significant gains accompanied by some of the election 's worst violence .
Results from the first two rounds of the elections give Egypt 's ruling National Democratic Party 224 seats in the next assembly .
The Party gained dozens of additional seats Sunday when independent candidates pledged allegiance after winning their races .
These candidates had run as independents after they were passed over in the nomination process .
Meanwhile , candidates of the banned Muslim Brotherhood have won 15 seats in the next parliament ; up from one seat in the last elections five years ago .
Islamist candidates run as independents because Egyptian law prohibits political parties based on religion .
Legal opposition parties including the Waft or Liberal Party and the leftist Stagamo and Nascist parties have won 10 seats so far in the parliament .
The third and final round of voting , including the populous Cairo region , is to begin on Wednesday .
A Muslim Brotherhood candidate from the Nile Delta city of Bandadel Mansoor , who lost his race , Saber Zaher , said the message of Islamists is not to win or lose but to be allowed to participate in the process .
Mr. Zaher said the group wants to prove to the system it has support among the people and that it is wrong to exclude it .
In the run - up to the election , security forces arrested scores of Muslim Brotherhood leaders and hundreds of their sympathizers in an effort to weaken the group , which is viewed as the second strongest political force in the country .
Islamist leaders have also accused security forces of preventing voters from entering polling stations in areas where the opposition is strong .
Four people died and scores were injured in clashes during Saturday 's run - off election in the Nile Delta province of Dekaharia .
One person was killed in the first round of voting .
These elections for the first time are being monitored by the Egyptian judiciary .
An Egyptian court ordered monitoring by the judiciary after the previous elections were ruled unconstitutional because of widespread irregularities and violence in which at least 60 people were killed .
Scott Bob , VOA News , Cairo .
Thank you and Goodday .
More deadly violence has erupted in the West Bank as Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Barak failed to form a government of national unity .
As night fell Monday , in the town of Hebron , one Palestinian man was shot dead in an exchange of fire between Palestinian militiamen and Israeli soldiers .
There were also gun battles near Jerusalem .
About 130 people have been killed in more than three weeks of violence , almost all Palestinians .
Monday , Mr. Barak met with Israel 's right wing Likud Party leader Ariel Sharon , to form an emergency unity government to deal with the crisis , but Likud says the two failed to agree on terms .
Middle East expert Mark Gulpan , of Tufts University , says Israel 's fragile coalition politics may stand in the way .
Well , they have made deals with Likud before and Likud is not completely just Sharon , there are moderates within Likud .
So , I think they are capable of making deals with them and that 's not really the problem .
The problem is that the coalition may prevent any possibility of creating a real agreement .
Palestinians have said they will not work with Mr. Sharon , and here in US , Clinton administration spokesman Jake Sewart says the President is still hard at work trying to find a solution for the Middle East crisis .
He has continued to consult with both parties and with leaders in the that we can to try to get the parties to agree on and to move forward on the agreement we reached in Egypt .
Voters in strife - torn Colombia go to the polls today in local elections in the midst of a wave of violence directed by armed groups of the left and the right against many of the candidates .
VOA 's Bill Rodgers has a report from our South American bureau .
Some 23 million Colombians are registered to vote Sunday to elect governors , mayors and other local officials in the South American nation , but the election is taking place in the midst of a rising wave of assassinations , kidnappings and threats against the candidates by leftist guerillas and right - wing paramilitary groups .
Twenty mayoral candidates have been killed and more than 200 kidnapped in recent months .
Election authorities say another 200 politicians withdrew their candidacies after being threatened .
At the same time , these armed groups are reported to have fielded a number of stealth candidates in an effort to expand its control of Colombian territory .
Despite the violence , the government of President Andres Pastrana has refused to suspend Sunday 's elections vowing they will take place throughout the country and in a democratic atmosphere .
Bill Rodgers , VOA News , South America Bureau .
Cuban President Fidel Castro is scheduled to arrive in Venezuela Thursday to begin a five day visit at the invitation of President Hugo Chavez .
The two presidents are expected to sign an oil agreement aimed at helping to ease the Communist ruled Caribbean Island 's chronic fuel shortage .
Mr. Castro 's visit comes amid widespread labor unrest in Venezuela .
A major demonstration is set for Thursday , and Cuba has put into effect a 10 percent tax surcharge on telephone calls here to the United States .
The Cuban government took the step in retaliation for a Cuban funds bill passed by the US Congress .
The US legislation would use Cuban funds , long frozen in the US to compensate Cubans living in Miami for losses suffered at the hands of the Cuban government .
I am Tom Crosby with David Chadwick .
You are listening to VOA News Now .
I 'm David Coller , VOA News .
Clashes between Palestinians and security forces swept the West Bank and Gaza again Sunday in a fourth straight day of deadly confrontations .
Among the 27 fatalities were an Israeli - Arab border guard and a 10 - year - old Palestinian boy .
The clashes spread from East Jerusalem to the Palestinian territories and Arab villages in Israel .
The Israeli Army said the border guard died in a clash with Palestinian rioters at Joseph 's Tomb , a fortified Jewish pilgrimage site in Palestinian - controlled Nablus .
I 'm David Coller , VOA News .
Dozens of Palestinians were wounded in scattered clashes in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , Wednesday , despite the Sharm el - Sheikh truce accord .
The clashes occurred as the Palestinian leadership issued orders to observe the troops .
The Palestinian leaders also warned that Israel must remove its soldiers from the outskirts of Palestinian cities .
Israel says , it has lifted the internal restrictions that barred Palestinians from moving among West Bank towns and villages .
President Clinton says he hopes his talks with the top North Korean envoy here in Washington next week will help promote reconciliation with Pyongyang .
Mr. Clinton says he wants to , in his words , explore the possibilities during the meeting with North Korea 's Jo Myong Rok .
In Major League Baseball , the Cincinnati Reds have hired Bob Boon as their new manager , after two other candidates turned down their 650,000 - dollar contract offer .
Boon managed the Kansas City Royals between 1995 and 1997 .
He became the leading candidate after New York Yankees ' third base coach Willy Randoff and Reds ' third base coach Ron Oster refused Cincinnati 's offer .
He replaces Jack McCaine who was fired after the Reds failed to make the post-season despite adding slugger Ken Greffy Junior to their lineup .
Boon said Friday he believes the Reds can compete with any team in their division .
We are not going to be able to compete with several teams in our division from a financial standpoint , but I really believe we can compete with them on the field and that 's where it all comes down to and I 'm just excited to get going .
I wish spring training started tomorrow .
The Reds were the second of six Major League teams to fire their managers , but they were the last to fill the vacancy because of their contract offer .
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has nominated former Dutch Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers as the new UN High Commissioner for Refugees .
Mr. Annan praised the record of the 61 - year - old Mr. Lubbers as a government leader , academic and private citizen , saying this made him the right man for the job .
If the General Assembly approves the nomination , Mr. Lubbers will replace Sadako Ogata of Japan on January 1st .
Let 's go to Russia right now Joe , where Vladimir Putin who still remains something of an enigmatic presence in the Russian political scene since he took office at the beginning of the year 2000 , is apparently under siege yet again by revelations that the Russians might possibly have been able to rescue those trapped sailors in the Kursk submarine because some of them evidently survived and it 's apparent that the Russian military suppressed information about what had happened or even distorted it , and was singularly slow in taking up offers of assistance from the Norwegians and the British to help .
What impact do you think this new revelation has on Putin 's political stature ?
Oh , I think it is another step in a diminution of Putin .
I think a number of things have happened ;
His attempt to restore the image of Russia as a great power has , I think backfired generally .
he plunged Milosevic long after it was clear that he was finished .
He has tried to form a strategic relationship with China and India , but this I think has reflected in a much more dramatic way , the weakness of Putin .
After all , you 've got to remember that when the Kursk went down , he was on vacation in the Black Sea and did n't bother even to come back to Moscow , let alone going to Mermonsk at the scene of the disaster and they held back for days before they requested help from Norwegian and British experts and those kind of thing , and I think that there is a sense that it may have contributed to the disaster .
Tom , what 's the thinking in the administration of Putin 's performance so far ?
Very disappointing .
Putin , it 's clear he is no new style Democrat , to put it mildly .
This is a man who still behaves like a KGB operator rather than a ... which , of course , he was .
Yeah , for many , many years at a high level , than a President of a country trying to grapple with democracy .
I think the Clinton administration it was hopeful for Boris Yeltsin and then it got disappointed in Yeltsin and then they thought that reluctantly Mr. Putin was a man that they could do business with , to coin former Prime Minister of Britain Margaret Thatcher 's phrase about Mikhail Gorbachov , but Putin is disappointing the United States government .
They wo n't say that of course , but he has turned out to be a disappointment , and I agree with Joe , I think these latest revelations that 23 sailors on the Kursk survived several days and theoretically might have been saved , had the Russians gotten off the dime and asked for help sooner , I think are devastating .
And David , I think it 's important the views that I think is gaining headway in the Administration and voiced generally is that Putin is a bureaucrat and he runs the government in a bureaucratic kind of way and that it has no chance whatever of rebuilding the Russian economy and the Russian political stability , and that a continuing decline appears to be in the cards for Russia under his leadership .
Right now let 's get an update on the latest world news from VOA 's Dave Deforest .
Well Dick , US officials have launched an investigation into a suspected terrorist attack that killed at least six sailors on a US warship in Yemen .
They say a suicide boat exploded near the USS Cole destroyer as it refueled early Thursday in the Yemeni port of Aden .
The blast tore a huge gap in the ship 's side .
At least 10 other crewmembers are missing more than 30 were injured .
Defense Secretary William Cohen says if a formal investigation shows it was a terrorist attack .
Dispatch investigators to learn what was responsible for the blast .
Tragedies that test our strength and our resolve occur and have occurred in the past .
We have passed the test and measuring up to those responsibilities and we will pass that test once again today .
Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Vern Clark says the bombers were aboard a small boat that was assisting in the refueling of the destroyer at the port .
No one has claimed responsibility .
US military forces around the world have been placed on high alert .
The head of the United Nations Refugee Agency Sadaqal O'Gatta has warned that the agency will become critically weakened unless it receives increased funding .
With just two days left until the US presidential election , both major party candidates campaigned in regions that could go either way .
Republican candidate George W Bush campaigned in Florida , a state with a large population of retired people .
I need your help .
In the last days of this campaign , I need you all to work your neighborhoods and talk to your friends and turn out to vote .
And while Democratic candidate Al Gore campaigned in Pennsylvania , President Clinton campaigned for him in Arkansas , another state where the election is too close to call .
If you kind of like having safer streets and a cleaner environment , and knowing your national government is supporting school reforms at work and helping more people get access to health care while we grow the economy , you got to vote for Al Gore and Joe Lieberman .
Mr. Clinton also said that Arkansas could even determine the outcome of the election nationally .
Well Dave , tens of thousands of Serbs have taken to the streets and towns and cities throughout Yugoslavia to celebrate as President - elect Vojislav Kostunica prepares to take office .
Mr. Kostunica , could be sworn in rather , as early as today .
President Clinton has called Yugoslavia 's popular uprising against Slobodan Milosevic an extraordinary victory for the Serbian people .
He pledged Friday that the United States and its allies would work together to lift sanctions to bring Yugoslavia out of isolation .
The European Community wants to lift sanctions as early as Monday .
Most world leaders have welcomed the ouster of President Slobodan Milosevic .
A popular uprising helped bring him to the Yugoslav presidency just a few days ago , but now Vojislav Kostunica faces the daunting challenge of solidifying power and ending the country 's economic isolation .
VOA correspondent Eve Cornard in Belgrade reports .
The European Union is expected to announce later today an easing of sanctions against Yugoslavia , now the former leader Slobodan Milosevic is out of office .
Yugoslavia is awaiting word that sanctions that have strangled its economy might be partially lifted .
European Union officials say a further lifting of sanctions is likely once Mr. Kostunica has a firm grip on power , but ousted leader Slobodan Milosevic says he plans to remain in Belgrade as a leader of the opposition to Mr. Kostunica , who says he has no plans to bow to Western pressure to extradite the former Yugoslav leader .
Another test of Mr. Kostunica 's political clout will be the meeting of Serbia 's powerful parliament on Monday , where supporters of Mr. Kostunica are expected to push for new election .
The process of purging Milosevic supporters from key institutions and industries is underway .
Kostunica supporters say the most important task now is to gain full control over Yugoslavia 's police and security services , removing any trace of pro-Milosevic officials within the higher ranks , who could still be manipulated by him .
Eve Cornard , VOA News , Belgrade .
The United States is requesting more co-operation from Yemen in the investigation of the terrorist attack on the USS Cole that killed 17 US sailors .
US State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said the US wants complete access to the findings of Yemeni investigators .
In addition , President Clinton has written to Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh requesting increased co-operation into the investigation of last month 's attack .
A convoy carrying UN Human Rights Commissioner Mary Robinson through the West Bank has come under gunfire .
Ross Dunn reports from Jerusalem that Mrs. Robinson and members of her entourage who are investigating violence in the territories escaped unharmed .
Mrs. Robinson , the head of the UN Human Rights Commission got a first hand look at the violence sweeping through the Palestinian territories , when she visited the West Bank town of Hebron .
A bullet hit a car in the three - vehicle convoy , transporting Mrs. Robinson and her staff as she toured one of the major flash points in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Mrs. Robinson is on a fact - finding mission , following complaints by Palestinians that Israeli soldiers have used excessive force in a bid to quell more than six weeks of rioting in the territories .
The shooting of her convoy followed an exchange of gunfire between Israeli soldiers and Palestinian gunmen .
Both Israel and the Palestinians blamed each other for the attack .
The Israeli Army said that the Palestinian gunmen had fired at Mrs. Robinson 's car .
Palestinian police said that militant Jewish settlers in Hebron had fired at the convoy in an Israeli - controlled part of the town .
Ross Dunn for VOA News , Jerusalem .
Tornadoes have hit the southern state of Alabama as rain , hail and snow continued to pound the United States .
Warren Beck is the Mayor of one hard hit Alabama town .
We are used to floods , our city 's been flooded two or three times and of course we are close to the Gulf where we 're used to hurricanes but we are kind of low , we 're a low city and we are not used to tornadoes .
At least five people were reported killed in Alabama , thirty injured when a series of twisters struck parts of the rural state .
Meanwhile , in the central United States from Texas in the south to the northern plains , North Dakota , hundreds of thousands of people remained without electricity .
I am Dave Deforest , VOA News .
At the United Nations , controversy has broken out over a proposal to drastically tighten sanctions against the Taliban government in Afghanistan .
VOA correspondent Breck Ardery has more on this from the United Nations .
A proposed UN Security Council resolution jointly sponsored by Russia and the United States would tighten economic sanctions against the Taliban and ban all weapon shipments to them .
The proposal goes considerably beyond the existing sanctions , which ban Taliban air flights and freeze international bank accounts held by the Taliban .
Sponsors say the resolution is specifically meant to pressure the Taliban , to abandon its support of terrorism , and to surrender indicted terrorist Osama Bin Laden , but Pakistan 's Ambassador to the United Nations Shamsed Ahmed told reporters his nation is strongly against the resolution and it is the wrong way to fight terrorism .
We abhor terrorism in all its forms and manifestations .
We are with the international community in combating this menace all over the world .
As far as this particular individual is concerned , this is a problem that needs to be resolved between the United States and the government in Afghanistan , which now is Taliban .
Mr. Ahmad says that instead of sanctions , the international community should engage in a dialogue with the Taliban , but Russia 's Ambassador Serge Lavroff says the Taliban leadership does not inspire trust .
The problem is that the Taliban never delivered on a single promise , be this to start the dialogue , be this to stop fighting , be this to treat women and girls properly , or any other demand from the Security Council , in particular to stop the support for terrorism .
An American official told reporters the proposed new sanctions are not meant to harm the Afghan people .
He points out that humanitarian aid is specifically exempt from the sanctions .
He says , the United States is currently the largest single donor of food and relief supplies to the Afghan people and that the aid will continue .
Breck Ardery , VOA News , at the United Nations .
There is a talk of bringing international aid workers back to the refugee camps of West Timor to help thousands of East Timor 's refugees stranded there .
The United Nations and the government of Indonesia are trying to work out a plan to do it , as VOA 's Breck Ardery reports from the UN .
Namibia 's UN Ambassador Martin Angava who recently lead a seven member Security Council delegation to East Timor and to Indonesia , told reporters the plan involves a joint security assessment of conditions in the camps .
What we have proposed and the government of Indonesia is willing to embark on discussions with the UN officials in Jakarta is for UN security experts to be sent to the camps and to assess the situation , and of course , East Timor perhaps as a whole , to assess the situation , together with the Indonesian military and police , and it would be on the basis of their assessment that a decision would then be taken as to whether the humanitarian agents should go back to West Timor or not .
Mr. Angava said the government of Indonesia has increased security in the refugee camps since September .
There are tens of thousands of refugees from East Timor in the camps , but the exact number is in dispute .
International relief workers were evacuated from West Timor after an incident on September 6th , in which three UN aid workers were killed .
The Indonesian government has arrested six people in connection with the murders .
The situation in the refugee camps of West Timor has been an ongoing source of concern for the UN transitional administration in East Timor that is helping to prepare that territory for independence .
Numbers of anti-independence militia groups have been intimidating refugees and even sometimes crossing over into East Timor .
Despite the increased presence of Indonesian security forces in the camps , Ambassador Angava says , there is evidence the militias still have a lot of influence .
Mr. Angava says he and his delegation talked with some refugees who indicated they were reluctant to speak freely , because of the presence of the militias .
Breck Ardery , VOA News , at the United Nations .
Iraq 's Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz and Syria 's Foreign Minister Farooq Al Shah held talks Saturday on ways of improving bilateral relations .
Mr. Aziz arrived in Damascus aboard the first direct Iraqi flight to Syria in nearly 20 years .
A US official says Islamic terrorists planned multiple attacks on US and Jordanian targets last January .
Richard Clark , the Clinton administration 's Counter-terrorism Chief , told the Washington Post the plan included multiple bombings in Jordan and the United States and the sinking of a US Navy destroyer in Yemen .
Mr. Clark says the attacks were meant to take place last January 3rd amid millennial celebrations and the Muslim observance of Ramadan .
He says the attacks either failed or were thwarted by arrests , but terrorists succeeded in bombing a US ship in Yemen in October .
Mr. Clark says US officials learnt details of the planned attacks during the interrogation of suspected terrorists with links to exiled Saudi millionaire , Osama Bin Laden .
Israeli soldiers have killed another Palestinian in the West Bank as clashes continue between Israelis and Palestinians .
Witnesses in Ramallah say the Palestinian was shot Saturday while working with an electric drill to repair a damaged building .
The Israeli military say soldiers came under fire from the building and returned fire .
Meanwhile , Israel has confiscated the VIP car to the senior Palestinian official .
Colonel Taufiq Tarawi , a director of Palestinian intelligence was briefly detained by Israeli soldiers at a West Bank roadblock , where they confiscated an Israeli permit that grants him free movement in and out of the area .
I am Dave Deforest , VOA News .
President Clinton has given Israeli and Palestinian delegates some new proposals that could still open the way to a peace agreement before he leaves office January 20th .
The White House meeting capped a week of closed door Middle East talks in Washington .
VOA 's David Gallust has more .
The White House says the proposals deal with both the substance and procedure for a peace accord and the signs are to report back next week on whether there are grounds to try to conclude an agreement .
A Clinton spokesman described the week of US mediated talks as constructive , but the parties had differing assessments with Palestinian negotiator Sayeb Erekat saying major gaps remain .
It 's been difficult .
The gaps are there .
We exerted maximum efforts and we 'll continue to exert maximum efforts in order to conclude an agreement .
For his part , Israeli Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben - Ami seemed more optimistic .
Inevitably differences remain , but I feel that it was a very encouraging round of talks .
Mr. Ben - Ami said the next step might be separate Washington visits by Israeli and Palestinian leaders .
US officials say a three - way summit would happen only if an agreement was in hand .
David Gallust , VOA News , the White House .
Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz has reiterated Baghdad 's strong opposition to the resumption of UN weapons inspections .
Wrapping up a two - day visit in Moscow , Mr. Aziz added that Baghdad is still considering talks with the United Nations on the issue .
Earlier this week , UN officials in New York said Secretary General Kofi Annan would be meeting with Iraqi officials in early January .
I 'm David Coler , VOA News .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak says he is freezing tens of millions of dollars in tax payments to the Palestinian Authority .
Mr. Barak says he is withholding the money until the Palestinians abide by cease - fire agreements .
Earlier Thursday Mr. Barak ruled out an early resumption of peace talks , even with the United States acting as intermediary .
Eve Conette reports from Jerusalem .
Defending what he calls his policy of restraint , Prime Minister Barak says if Israel thought that 2000 Palestinian deaths instead of the 200 now would really solve the situation , we would act in that direction , but Mr. Barak told Israeli Radio , using greater force would lead Israel into a much more complicated situation .
The Israeli Prime Minister says he , Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and President Bill Clinton are not close to holding a 3 - way Middle East peace summit , but he said negotiations should continue if there is a decrease in violence .
His comments came hours after Israeli helicopters attacked offices of Mr. Arafat 's Fatah movement .
A German doctor living in the West Bank town of Beit Jala was killed when a rocket fired by Israeli forces hit his home .
Eve Conette , VOA News , Jerusalem .
A United Nations conference on wiping out organized crime opens Tuesday in Sicily .
Security is tight as UN Secretary General Kofi Annan and other delegates converge on the capital Palermo .
Agenda topics include money laundering and the illegal drug trade .
Reformist allies of Yugoslavic President Vojislav Kostunica have scored a decisive victory in Saturday 's Serbian parliamentary elections .
The Democratic Opposition of Serbia , which supports the President , estimates it won 65 % of the vote .
The Legend of Bagger Vance directed by Robert Redford is the latest movie to bring the game of golf to the screen and is one of the most popular attractions of theaters in the United States .
Entertainment reporter Chuck Rich discussed this and previous golf films with VOA 's Dave Arlington .
The movies ' The Natural ' and ' Field of Dreams ' brought mystical and nostalgic qualities to baseball and The Legend of Bagger Vance , set during the economic depression over the 1920s and 1930s , does the same thing for golf .
Will Smith plays a caddy who revives the confidence , as well as the skill of a golfer whose glory has faded .
You know I understood everything Will Smith said in films like '' Men in Black '' and '' Independence Day . ''
What was he talking about there ?
Beats the heck out of me .
Seriously , I think golf and many golf films can be whatever you interpret them to be , what the player or the moviegoer decides they 'll be .
Some people consider golf to be a silly and dull game , following a little ball around the course , others , including some filmmakers , view it as a symbol or as a gauge of a person 's philosophy or psychology .
For example in the 1996 movie '' Tin Cup '' with Kevin Costner and Cheech Merrin , what might be an embarrassing experience in one golfer 's past is for him a badge of honor .
Do you have to like golf to like golf movies ?
It helps , but it 's not necessary .
Some filmmakers and performers used golf as a setting for broad comedy with potential appeal both inside and outside of the sport .
The 1996 golf movie '' Happy Gilmore '' starring and co-written by Adam Sandler , placed the temperamental ice hockey player in a professional sport that some people consider refined .
Golf can be a very frustrating game .
So , any golfer I guess would understand that gag in '' Happy Gilmore . ''
And anyone who dislikes or is bored by golf , might appreciate seeing the game played for laughs there .
What is your take on golf movies ?
I only play miniature golf and I do n't watch golf on television .
I think I am one of the people filmmakers are thinking of , when they try to give a golf movie wide appeal , humor , or a love story for example .
One film that 's attracted a lot of golf loving fans over the years is 1980 's '' Caddy Shack '' .
Set at the exclusive Bush Wood country club , it 's about class conflict or as movie advertising sometimes calls it , the snobs versus the flops .
Here is one golfer in '' Caddy Shack '' played by Rodney Dangerfield , bothering another , a judge played by the late Ted Night .
As a comedian , Rodney Dangerfield often says he gets no respect , but were n't the filmmakers really showing their respect for him and his drawing power by casting him in this film ?
I think Dangerfield was a big selling point who attracted a lot of his fans , who include me , to see '' Caddy Shack . ''
I do n't think it 's a very good film , but it 's a popular one and the music in '' Caddy Shack '' got some attention too .
We 're going to finish up our cinematic round of golf with some of that .
Thank you , Chuck .
You 're welcome , Dave .
The US warship ` Cole ' , badly damaged by a terrorist bombing in Yemen two months ago , is now at a shipyard in the southern United States for repairs .
Carried by another larger vessel , the crippled US destroyer completed its long trip across the Atlantic Ocean on Wednesday .
Jerry Sink Pae is the head of Liton Ship Systems , a repair company that will work on the vessel .
We 've got a personal commitment on the part of the work force .
Among the five hundred people who 'll be working on this ship , most of them will come from members of our workforce that built this ship three and half , four years ago .
Seventeen US sailors were killed in the Cole attack .
Michael Sheehen , the top counter terrorism official in the US State Department told Congress Wednesday , after the Cole attack numerous people left Yemen for Afghanistan , where he said they can hide with little fear of .
Traditional international broadcasters like Radio Prague and Radio Slovakia International are now facing competition from a private internet venture called the European Internet Network or EIN .
The Prague - based EIN presently operates country - specific portals with news and information about Albania , Bosnia , Bulgaria , China , Croatia , the Czech Republic , Hungary , Macedonia , Poland , Romania , Russia , Slovakia , Slovenia , and Yugoslavia .
Portals will be added in 2001 for Germany , France , Italy , and Spain .
These English language web pages contain mainly text , including material from the Reuters News Agency plus some pictures .
The URL is www.europeaninternet.com .
I 'm David Coler , VOA News .
Three Florida courts are weighing cases that could signally end in the month - long battle for the White House .
Decisions were expected swiftly with the December 12th deadline for Florida to certify its 25 electors , the people who will actually choose the next US President .
Thursday , lawyers for Vice President Al Gore and Texas Governor George W Bush were subjected to intense grilling in a Florida Supreme Court hearing on the Democratic candidate 's appeal of the rejection of his request for a recount .
His chief lawyer David Boyz says whatever the court decides , the state 's deadline will be met .
I think that what they have consistently said is that they expect this to be over by December 12th .
We believe it can be over by December 12th , and if they come out with an order that says we are not going to count any ballots , that 's going to resolve by December 12th .
If they come out with an order that says we are going to count the ballots , we 're going to start now , we believe that can be resolved by December 12th .
At the same time , the Bush legal team made its final arguments in a challenge by Democratic voters who want thousands of absentee ballots thrown out .
If the challenge succeeds , it could more than reverse the Texas Governor 's 537 - vote lead .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat says separate Palestinian and Israeli delegations will travel to Washington in the coming days to work on the peace process .
Speaking with reporters in Gaza City , Mr. Arafat said the delegations would go to Washington to discuss how to support the peace process .
The Palestinian Information Minister says the Palestinian delegation will begin talks in Washington Tuesday .
AN Israeli delegation headed by Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben - Ami is due to leave for Qashington later today .
Iraq 's Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz and Syria 's Foreign Minister Farookh held talks Saturday on ways of improving bilateral relations .
Mr. Aziz arrived in Damascus aboard the first direct Iraqi flight to Syria in nearly 20 years .
The flight is also reported to be the first to carry an Iraqi official out of Baghdad since the United Nations placed sanctions on Iraq 10 years ago .
Israeli Deputy Defense Minister Ifraem Snae held talks in the Gaza Strip Thursday with Palestinian official Tayab Abdul Rahim .
No details of that meeting were released , but it followed an announcement that the Israeli Army is shutting the last formal channel of regular contact with the Palestinians .
Jenny Badner reports from Jerusalem .
The Israeli Army ordered Palestinians to leave joint security liaison offices in the West Bank and Gaza Strip after a blast in one of the offices in southern Gaza killed an Israeli soldier .
The Israeli Army says an Israeli patrol was ambushed near the Erics Crossing between the Gaza Strip and Israel .
Shots have also been fired at Gilo , a predominantly Jewish neighborhood on the outskirts of Jerusalem .
Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Barak is expected to meet with his top security advisors to discuss Israel 's next move following a car bomb on Wednesday in the northern Israeli town of Khadhera .
Two Israelis were killed and more than 50 others were injured in the explosion .
Mr. Barak said he holds the Palestinian Authority responsible for the attack .
However , Palestinian officials say they were not involved .
Jenny Badner for VOA News , Jerusalem .
The Clinton administration is expressing confidence the UN Security Council will vote next week to tighten sanctions against Afghanistan 's dominant Taliban faction .
Assistant US Secretary of State for South Asian Affairs Carl Enderforth said on Friday the Taliban 's refusal to comply with a UN anti-terrorism resolution last year forced the move to toughen sanctions .
He says trade and humanitarian shipments of food and medicine as well as religious pilgrimages will not be affected .
Britain 's Millennium Dome will close down this coming Monday after a year of mishaps .
Officials at London 's Millennium Dome say the structure will close down after a final New Year 's Eve party .
They say it will be likely sold to a developer and be turned into a technology park .
Problems riddled the Dome even before its grand opening last New Year 's Eve .
Construction delays and cost - overruns hurt the project , which was originally expected to cost at least 1 billion 300 million dollars .
Dome officials had to seek an additional 265 million dollars to complete the structure .
In the Middle East , the Israeli parliament gave preliminary approval Wednesday to a bill that would allow former leader Benjamin Netanyahu to run for Prime Minister in February against Labor Party leader Ehud Barak .
UN Secretary General Kofi Annan says the AIDS epidemic that has killed an estimated 14 million people in Africa , is a test of leadership on the continent .
Mr. Annan told the conference of African leaders in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia that the spread of HIV AIDS can be halted and future generations must be protected from contracting the virus .
Yugoslav President Vojislav Kostunica held a top level meeting Saturday near the Kosovo border concerning ethnic violence in Serbia 's Presovo Valley region .
The meeting with federal and Serb officials was held amid concerns that armed Albanian rebels are strengthening their presence in the region .
Yugoslav President Vojislav Kostunica has visited a tense region near the Serbian - Kosovo border , which has been the scene of deadly attacks by ethnic Albanian separatists .
Mr. Kostunica arrived in the town of Beonovach late Monday and was welcomed by hundreds of people .
The Yugoslav leader pledged to bring peace to the area where an increase in fighting last week between the Albanian guerillas and Serbian security forces left four police officers dead .
The United Nations is recommending that a team of UN security experts visit Indonesian West Timor to determine whether it 's safe for international aid workers to return after the killing of three UN aid workers there early this year .
Namibia 's UN Ambassador who recently led a fact - finding mission to East Timor and Indonesia , told reporters Monday , the Indonesian government has expressed its willingness to discuss their proposed plan .
The Colombian Army says troops have wiped out a leftist guerilla unit in four days of combat that left 26 rebels dead , most of them teenagers .
The Army 's official news agency says the clashes erupted Monday in a mountainous region northeast of Bogota .
Army Commander Orhi Mora , says 32 rebels from the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , the Farc , were captured .
General Mora says most of the rebels in the unit were between the ages of 14 and 17 .
He did not report any Army casualties .
The report has not been independently confirmed .
I 'm Dave Deforest , VOA News .
Russian President Vladimir Putin is due to arrive in Havana a few hours from now to become the first post-Soviet leader to visit Cuba .
Mr. Putin will be officially welcomed at the Palace of the Revolution , Thursday morning .
President Clinton leaves for Northern Ireland shortly on a diplomatic mission aimed at bolstering the 1998 power sharing accord .
He 's scheduled to arrive in Belfast late Tuesday after a stopover in Dublin for talks with Irish President Mary Mckleese and Prime Minister Bertie Ahern .
En route to Belfast , Mr. Clinton will also visit the Irish border town of Dundalk .
An international team is developing a vaccine against Alzheimer 's Disease and they are trying it out on a new and improved mouse model of the onus .
Correspondent Jessica Berman explains .
Scientists working on a vaccine against Alzheimer 's give a progress report this week in the journal Nature .
The vaccine has only been tested in mice that have been bred to have a form of Alzheimer 's Disease very similar to that of humans .
According to University of Toronto researcher David Westaway , another team of scientists last year took the first step toward an Alzheimer 's vaccine .
That team injected a small amount of amyloid protein , which accumulates in brains of Alzheimer 's patients and injected it in the mice 's abdomens .
The injection prompted the animals ' immune systems to kick in and clean up the amyloid deposits in the rodents ' brains .
But those mice never had any difficulties with learning and memory .
In Dr. Westaway 's view , this made the vaccine sort of pointless , since learning and memory problems are a hallmark of Alzheimer 's Disease .
So his research team decided to test a vaccine in mice with Alzheimer 's more like that seen in many humans .
Now normally Alzheimer 's Disease might have this strong deficit in learning and memory , actually in our experiments the ability to navigate around a small tank of water using cues pinned up on the wall of the testing room , and once we started immunizing the mice against the Alzheimer Disease peptides then the performance showed a dramatic improvement such as they came very close to the performance of regular mice that have not been genetically engineered to resemble Alzheimer 's Disease .
A second Alzheimer 's vaccine experiment was also reported in the journal Nature by a group of University of South Florida scientists in Tampa .
In a third published paper researchers formally described how they genetically engineered a mouse model of Alzheimer 's similar to the human disease , complete with memory and learning impairment .
Neuroscientist Paul Chapman of the Cardiff School of Bio-Sciences in Wales , wrote an article in the magazine commenting on the developments .
We all know we 've got a long way to go before we have a cure for Alzheimer 's Disease , but in order to get there we need to have confidence that we understand the disease and that we have what we call a model system for predicting whether these treatments will work .
And the fact that these papers are now showing us that behaviorally these models do what humans do , that is they behave more poorly as they age if they have Alzheimer 's genes , and that these treatments can reverse that , it just means we have that much more confidence these treatments will work in humans .
In a related development an international team of researchers reports in the latest issue of the journal Science , that a genetic mutation in an area of chromosome ten may put some people at increased risk of late onset Alzheimer 's Disease , the most common form of dementia in the elderly .
Jessica Berman , VOA News , Washington .
Well Tony , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak says he will not sign any peace deal that gives the Palestinians sovereignty over Jerusalem 's revered Temple Mount .
Mr. Barak also stressed that his government will never accept an accord that gives Palestinians the right to return to Israel .
A beloved American holiday story comes to the big screen in a Universal Pictures comic fantasy starring Jim Carey .
Alan Silverman has a look at the first feature film adaptation of Dr. Seuss 's " How the Grinch Stole Christmas . "
The late Theodore Geisel , writing under his pen name Dr. Seuss , first published " How the Grinch Stole Christmas " in 1957 .
An instant classic , it 's the whimsical story of the Grinch , a mean - spirited hairy green creature who menaces the holiday loving Hus , who live in Whoville , until an innocent child Mary Lu Hu teaches him to find the joy in life .
Famed animator Chuck Jones made it into a television special , and Dr. Seuss died in 1991 believing that Grinch could never be made into a movie , but with the blessing of the author 's widow , director Ron Howard set out to film the fantasy , not as a cartoon , but with actors in costumes and settings in the spirit of the book .
Of course the book is a very thin , modern fable and it 's great because it 's got this incredible character in it , and themes are very relatable and very , very contemporary and it 's presented in a funny way .
So we knew we had to make a movie that was inspired by the book , and as we developed it , always knowing that we wanted it to be funny , we wanted it to still maintain the kind of that Seussian flavor and we wanted Jim Carey to have a great opportunity to do his thing within the spirit of that great character , the Grinch .
I have always been fascinated with this story , " The Grinch . "
Starter Jim Carey says the Grinch is more than just a cold - hearted character .
He is the outcast .
He is the person who did n't feel like he was part of the club , and so he gave up and that 's what a lot of people do .
They kind of go off and on to hell with the world and all that , and he is basically a guy who just wants to be part of it , you know ?
He just wants to be part of that show , you know , at the heart of it .
His heart changes for that reason , because it 's ready to change .
That 's what I like about it .
All you need is some kind of love , some kind of person who reaches out to you , and goes like , " I know you want to change , I know you do n't want to be that , " you know , so here is your opportunity , you know , and that 's what Cindy Lou does .
Carey performs covered head to toe in that green - haired costume .
He sneaks behind exquisitely detailed makeup by Oscar winner Rick Backer , and even his eyes covered with bright yellow contact lenses , he hardly looks like the star of ' Dumb and Dumber , ' or ' The Truman Show . '
Oh , you will recognize me , and hopefully , you know , from everything everybody is telling me , I got to a point where even through the contacts you saw the Grinch 's soul .
That 's what you are after , as you know , and it 's really just what you project , you know .
If they say " action " and I am still thinking about the suit , I am in trouble , you know , and that is the one thing I am able to do .
I can act , when you say " action " .
And the Grinch with his Grinch feet , ice cold in the snow , stood puzzling and puzzling , and he puzzled , and puzzled , till his puzzler was sore .
Then the Grinch thought of something he had n't before .
, he thought , , maybe Christmas perhaps means a little bit more .
Anthony Hopkins narrates the Dr. Seuss 's verse .
The on - screen cast of " How the Grinch Stole Christmas , " also includes Christine Beranski and Jeffery Tambor , and introduces young Taylor Mumson as Mary Lou Hu .
Alan Silverman , for the Voice of America , in Hollywood .
In other news , Daimler Chrysler lost its major Wall Street backer , investment firm Goldman Sachs downgraded the German auto - maker after its US - based Chrysler unit showed poor third quarter earnings and warned the fourth quarter does not look good either .
Goldman Sachs was the chief consultant in the merger of Germany 's Daimler Benz and US auto - maker Chrysler .
The United States says it may invite Israeli and Palestinian negotiators to Washington as part of efforts to resume Mid East peace negotiations .
State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said Washington is exploring the possibility of hosting direct talks between negotiators to build a bridge back to the peace process .
A senior US official added that if the two sides agree , the talks could take place in the middle of next week .
The US commitment follows a surprise meeting between Israeli Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben - Ami and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
Israeli negotiator Gilead Share left the meeting saying an agreement is still possible .
It is still our assessment that such an agreement is possible within the framework of what we call in a generic name , Camp David .
Under this notion we do assess that Arafat and the Palestinian leadership understand and realize now , that this is a fair , just and reasonable set of ideas that could well be considered as a framework for a permanent status .
The bid for talks was followed by more violence .
Israeli forces killed at least six Palestinians during a number of clashes Friday .
Reformist allies of Yugoslav President Vojislav Kostunica have scored a decisive victory in today 's Serbian parliamentary elections .
The Democratic opposition of Serbia , which supports the President , estimates it has won 65 % of the vote .
The coalition took power after a popular uprising ousted long time Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic in October .
Mr. Milosevic 's Socialist Party and its allies won about 1 / 5th of the vote .
The Voice of Russia DX Club , via BBC monitoring reports that Radio Canada International , and YLE Radio Finland , are conducting test re-broadcasts in St. Petersburg Russia , on 684 KHz medium wave .
RCI is in Russian and YLE in Finish , each one hour per day .
The programs are downlinked from a world radio network transponder .
Meanwhile , at the Sun Ball in El Paso Texas , the University of Wisconsin Badgers held off the University of California at Los Angeles 21 - 20 .
The Badgers ' coach Barry Averett says that his seniors showed leadership in making their last game one of their best .
We were soft after that first drop .
Sometimes when it comes too easy you can get soft but I liked the way they responded .
This team has been resilient all year , had a lot of guys down and a lot of people had to step up and they found a way to win .
I 'm real proud of them .
In the Middle East Palestinian and Israeli delegations travel to Washington today for separate talks with US officials on reviving the stalled peace process .
As Ross Dunn reports , word of this week 's talks came from Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
Mr. Arafat says separate Israeli and Palestinian negotiators will head for Washington in the next few days to hold talks with US officials on ways to revive the Middle East peace process .
Israeli and Palestinian officials have maintained contacts since the start of violence in late september but formal negotiations had been suspended .
Mr. Arafat also says he 's willing to meet face to face with Prime Minister Barak if it would help the cause of peace , but such a meeting , he adds , should be well prepared .
Palestinian Information Minister Yasser Abid Rabo says the Palestinian delegation will leave for Washington on Tuesday .
He says Palestinians want to find out if the Israelis have any new proposals to put on the table and to discuss with the US administration whether there is any possibility of resuming the negotiations .
Ross Dunn for VOA News , Jerusalem .
The city of Los Angeles has announced that it wants to become the first city to host the Olympics three times .
The city that staged the summer games in 1932 and 1984 is hoping to host the summer games in 2012 .
Other US cities expected to submit bids by the December 15th deadline are Dallas , Washington , Baltimore , Cincinnati , Houston , New York , San Francisco and Tampa , Florida .
The US Olympic Committee will make its choice in late 2002 and the International Olympic Committee will select the host city in 2005 .
Egypt has recalled its ambassador to Israel protesting what it calls Israel 's escalation of aggression against the Palestinians .
Egypt 's Middle East news agency carried a foreign ministry statement that said President Hosni Mubarak decided to recall the ambassador after Israeli helicopter gunships attacked Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip on Monday .
The statement did not say whether the recall was temporary .
President Mubarak is a strong supporter of moderation of the Arab - Israeli conflict .
He has said that a dialogue is the only way to break the current wave of bloody clashes between Israeli forces and the Palestinians .
Israeli troops shot and killed at least three more Palestinians in overnight clashes in Gaza .
Meanwhile , the head of the Palestinian Observer Mission to the United Nations , Nasser al - Kidwa says any protection force sent to the West Bank and Gaza must be under United Nations control .
VOA correspondent Breck Ardery , has more from the UN .
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with UN Secretary General Kofi Annan , Mr. al - Kidwa disputed reports that the Palestinians would accept an observer force that was not under UN control .
We stressed the absolute need for the protection to be achieved through a UN observer force composed of unarmed military observers to be deployed throughout the territories occupied by Israel since 1967 .
Mr. al - Kidwa said only an observer force under UN jurisdiction would have legitimate international authority .
There had previously been reports the Palestinians might accept an observer force from several nations , but not under UN control .
The Palestinians are urging the UN Security Council to adopt a proposed resolution that would send 2000 unarmed observers to Gaza and the West Bank .
Backers of the resolution say the observers would provide a measure of protection for Palestinian civilians .
The United States has said it will not support such a resolution unless both the Palestinians and the Israelis agree to it .
So far , Israel has rejected the idea .
UN Secretary General Annan is talking with both sides .
Israeli UN Ambassador Yehuda Lancry had no substantial public comment after he met with the Secretary General , except to say the meeting was useful .
Breck Ardery , VOA News at the United Nations .
Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic won a landslide victory Saturday , as he was re-elected leader of the Socialist Party of Serbia .
A defiant Mr. Milosevic made his first public appearance since being deposed in a popular uprising last month .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators met with President Clinton at the White House Wednesday and pledged to continue working toward a comprehensive peace agreement .
US mediated talks resumed this week in Washington .
Correspondent Deborah Tate reports .
Israeli Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben - Ami and Palestinian negotiator Sayeeb Erekat met with Mr. Clinton for about forty - five minutes and exchanged views on how best to move this stalled peace process forward .
Emerging from the meeting Mr. Ben - Ami sounded an upbeat note .
The reflections of the President were very helpful and we are going to get back now to the negotiating table .
But Mr. Erekat was more subdued .
We are facing major difficulties and serious differences .
Mr. Erekat and Mr. Ben - Ami said Mr. Clinton , who has one month left in office , expressed his willingness to host a summit with Israeli and Palestinian leaders but only if such a meeting results in a deal .
Deborah Tate , VOA News at the White House .
The UN General Assembly has approved a major overhaul of the world body 's finances .
Delegates voted on a measure to cut American contributions to the administrative and peacekeeping budgets for the first time in over twenty years .
Cuban President Fidel Castro is accusing US - based Cuban exiles of plotting to kill him during the summit meeting this weekend in Panama .
Mr. Castro told reporters in Panama City , the Miami - based Cuban - American Foundation has sent assassins to the Panamanian capital to eliminate him during the summit .
Foundation officials called Mr. Castro 's accusations absurd .
Welcome to this hour of VOA News Now .
I 'm Erin Brumett in Washington .
The incredibly close Florida vote count for President is in the state courts and heading for the US Supreme Court at the end of the week .
That 's virtually unprecedented , as the federal courts have tended to stay out of elections , which are the responsibility of the states .
Joe O'Grossman is a professor of constitutional law at Baltimore 's Johns Hopkins University .
He says that in this instance the Supreme Court probably felt the circumstances were such that they had no real alternative but to take the case .
Well , I think they took the case because it seemed like it was such a important issue that it would be kind of unseemly for them to try to reject it out of hand .
In fact , I think that Lawrence Tribe , the Harvard Law School professor who is arguing for Gore tomorrow , is going to ask the court to hold the case , moot and dismiss it .
And the Bush campaign has brought the case , but recognizes that the particular issues that they brought to the court last week are really not very relevant anymore .
, well , I know what they are going to do .
They are going to try to broaden the case to make it a kind of a general referendum on election procedures .
So , they are looking for a coronation , and the Gore people at this point just want to get rid of this case , because they think they have a better chance in the Florida courts .
Republicans generally support states ' rights .
So , does it appear somewhat ironic that they are going to the Supreme Court in this instance ?
No , I think first of all the notion that Republicans favor states ' rights and Democrats oppose it , is much too simplistic .
That 's generally true , but it 's only true on some issues , and in this case , you could argue that the Bush people are going to the Supreme Court to preserve the right of Florida , to determine its own electors .
So , there is a kind of states ' rights issue there , but they need , or at least they once thought they needed the Supreme Court to endorse it .
So it goes both ways .
What are the justices likely looking for ?
Well , I do n't know .
and I think they will be divided , I mean I do n't think they will be unanimous .
Obviously , they would like to be able to achieve some kind of resolution of the case .
American election laws are often challenged at the local level and sometimes in the federal courts , but this is certainly the first time we have had a Supreme Court challenge over presidential election .
So , there is a lot of new law here to be made or at least law that has n't been made yet .
It 's possible that if the court accepts the invitation of the Bush campaign , at least as it is expressed in the briefs they submitted yesterday , that the court will in the sense , take the entire issue , even - not just the specific questions that it was asked last week and try to resolve the question .
For example , if the court says it is clearly the fact that the legislature of the state of Florida can determine for itself who its electors will be , that will pretty much end the case , because that 's what the legislature already plans to do , and that does n't mean the Gore people wo n't keep trying , because ultimately Congress has to decide and only Congress can decide if there are competing slates of electors submitted , which slate to accept .
The Johns Hopkins University constitutional law professor Joe O'Grossman says , it 's still not certain the Supreme Court will actually hear the Florida case .
As their first order , of business Friday , attorneys for Vice President Gore will move to have the court dismiss the case brought by Republican George W Bush .
Israel 's parliament has given preliminary approval to legislation allowing former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to run in an upcoming special election .
Under current law Mr. Netanyahu is barred from participating because he 's not a Member of Parliament .
Meanwhile , Israeli forces have killed four Palestinian policemen at a refugee camp in the Gaza Strip .
Israeli forces entered the Khan Younus camp after Palestinian gunmen fired at Israeli bulldozers leveling an earthen barrier .
President Clinton heads to Northern Ireland late Monday on what may be his final overseas trip before leaving the White House in January .
The President arrives in Belfast late Tuesday , after a stopover in Dublin for talks with Irish President Mary Mckaleese and Prime Minister Bertie Ahern .
En route to Belfast , Mr. Clinton will also stop in the Irish border town of Dundalk to deliver a speech .
Mr. Clinton 's visit to Northern Ireland will be his third as President .
The President has made the peace process in Northern Ireland a key foreign policy priority .
He supported initiatives that led to the 1998 Good Friday Peace Accord and power sharing governments between Catholics and Protestants .
Ebola virus is one of the most feared in the world .
The deadly disease periodically attacks African villages and kills up to 90 % of those infected .
Now , a team of researchers led by scientists at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda , Maryland has developed a vaccine that prevents Ebola virus infections in monkeys .
Dr. Garry Nabal of NIH says , the experiment with the new vaccine involved giving four monkeys the Ebola virus , then injecting them with a placebo immunization , which has no effect .
Four other monkeys were infected with the Ebola virus DNA and then were injected with a vaccine called Ebola - Adnia virus booster .
In the animals that received the control vaccine , i.e. the same vectors , but not expressing the virus proteins , all of the animals had died within six days after challenge .
In contrast , the animals who received the DNA plus the Adnia viral vector that made the viral proteins , not only survived the challenge , but they continued to be symptom - free for over six months , the time point that they were followed .
Scientists must do far more research on this vaccine before a version of it might be used to prevent the disease in humans .
Russian President Vladimir Putin is in Canada for a two - day official visit to discuss economic and security issues with Prime Minister Jean Chretian and other officials .
The Russian leader flew to Ottawa Sunday from Cuba , where he and President Fidel Castro held talks aimed at renewing the Cold War era friendship between Moscow and Havana .
Mr. Putin 's visit to Canada is expected to focus on building better economic and diplomatic ties .
Leaders of the European Union and five Balkan states meet in Zagreb today to hail a new era of cooperation in a region that has been torn by conflict .
Douglas Paction has more on the story .
The summit , which is being sponsored by the European Union , is meant to show the Balkan states that the EU is preparing to welcome them into the European family .
Christina Gayat , a spokeswoman for EU Foreign Policy Chief Javier Solana , says the summit has an important symbolic value .
I think it will be the occasion to welcome at the highest level of the European Union under the highest level of the region , the very dramatic changes that have occurred since the beginning of the year and to further consolidate democracy and reconciliation .
Analysts say , last month 's formal ouster of Slobodan Milosevic in presidential elections in Yugoslavia was a pivotal event for the region .
The leaders of the five Balkan states of the summit , Yugoslavia , Croatia , Macedonia , Albania and Bosnia are expected to adopt a declaration calling for a political dialogue and regional economic cooperation .
The European Union is offering a 3.9 billion - dollar financial aid program to help the region , which has long been devastated by civil conflict , economic collapse and political isolation .
In return the Balkan leaders will be called upon to continue moving toward democracy and a market economy .
The leaders will also be asked to take steps to fight organized crime , drug trafficking , and money laundering .
Also at the Zagreb summit , Macedonia is expected to sign an association and stabilization pact with the European Union .
This is a first step on the long road to full EU membership .
Douglas Paction for VOA News , Luxembourg .
On the ski slopes Christian Hummer edged fellow Norwegian Biarka Engenvick after a thrilling duel down the stretch of a World Cup Nordic combined ski sprint event in Norway Friday .
Hummer trailed Engenvick by 21 seconds at the start of the 7.5 kilometer cross-country race .
that 's because Hummer finished third in the morning jumping portion on Lillehammer 's Olympic Hill .
However , Hummer overtook Austrian David Kriner who placed second in the ski jump after about one kilometer .
two kilometers later Hummer approached Engenvick and they skied together the rest of the way .
It was only the second World Cup win for Hummer who 's been on the national team for five years .
And that 's sports , I am Dave Byrd .
The International Football Federation will pick its player of the year and the Special Player of the Century award that pits Argentine hero Diego Maradona against Brazilian legend Pele .
The top candidates for this year 's player of the year are Real Madrid 's Louis Fego , who moved from Barcelona in the most expensive transfer in the game 's history .
Also nominated , Revaldo of Brazil and French hero Zenedine Zidane .
Zidane led France to the European title this year after helping France win the World Cup title two years ago .
There are 27 nominees for the Player of the Century award , but Maradona and Pele are the favorites .
Pele led Brazil to three World Cup titles and scored more than 1200 goals .
He has been named the ' athlete of the century ' in a survey of National Olympic Committees .
Maradona led Argentina to the World Cup title in 1986 , and led the Italian club .
Human rights groups are criticizing an agreement between the United Nations and China on human rights co-operation saying it lacks the substance to bring about any real change .
Un Human Rights Chief Mary Robinson signed the agreement with Chinese officials in Beijing on Monday .
Ms. Robinson called it a significant move that brings China closer to ratifying two international rights treaties ; the UN Covenant on Economic Social and Cultural Rights , as well as a covenant on political and civil rights .
The UN climate talks have collapsed after the United States and the European Union failed to reach an agreement on global warming .
The talks ended after a final marathon negotiating session in The Hague .
Thank you Steve .
Reformist allies of Yugoslav President Vojislav Kostunica have scored a solid victory in Serbian parliamentary elections .
The Democratic Opposition of Serbia , which supports the President , has claimed about 2 / 3rd of the vote .
Mr. Kostunica said in a speech broadcast this morning , that the election victory will allow reforms to move swiftly to start building a democratic government and a free market economy .
Ousted Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic 's Socialist Party and his allies won about 1 / 5th of the vote in Serbia , Yugoslavia 's dominant republic .
Well Tony , President Clinton will host a meeting at the White House Saturday , with Israeli and Palestinian negotiators who are holding talks in Washington .
The talks are aimed at putting the peace process back on track after three months of violence .
Israel has begun gearing up for new elections .
Representatives from Prime Minister Ehud Barak 's Labor Party and the main right - wing opposition Likud Block , met to set a date for the new elections .
Israeli news media report the election could be held as early as May 8th or May 15th , two years after Mr. Barak 's landslide victory over his right - wing predecessor Benjamin Netanyahu .
Palestinian officials have turned down a new peace proposal by Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak .
Mr. Barak declared Thursday , he is ready to recognize an independent Palestinian state , but added that sensitive issues , such as control over Jerusalem , should be set aside for up to three years .
Palestinian leaders rejected the offer , calling it an interim plan that fails to address their core concerns , namely the fate of Jerusalem and the return of millions of Palestinian refugees .
Yugoslavia says it will restore diplomatic ties with the United States , Britain , France and Germany .
President Vojislav Kostunica has pledged to end Yugoslavia 's isolation .
David Coller , VOA News .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , both pledged full cooperation Monday with the US led commission of inquiry into the causes of the current spiral of clashes in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
The five - member panel headed by former US Senator and Northern Ireland mediator George Mitchell held talks with Israeli Prime Minister Barak in Jerusalem and with Mr. Arafat in Gaza City .
The US missile destroyer ` Cole ' , badly damaged by a terrorist bombing in Yemen two months ago , has returned to a shipyard in the southern United States for repairs .
Carried by another large vessel the crippled US destroyer completed its long trip across the Atlantic Ocean Wednesday .
The United Nations has launched another major appeal for aid for countries facing critical food shortages such as North Korea , Afghanistan and Angola .
The world body says North Korea will need more food in the year 2001 , because of crop devastation brought on by drought at planting time and typhoons that severely damaged the fall harvest .
The United Nations is also appealing for $ 229 million from international donors to help Afghanistan , a country shattered by years of war and the worst drought in three decades .
For Angola , the United Nations is appealing for $ 202 million in food aid .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak says he is freezing tens of millions of dollars in tax payments to the Palestinian Authority as outside efforts to stop the Israeli - Palestinian violence continue .
Prime Minister Barak said late Thursday , he is withholding the money until the Palestinians abide by previous agreements with the Israelis .
Mr. Barak and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat held separate talks Thursday with both US envoy Dennis Ross and Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov .
Both urged the Middle East leaders to resume peace talks and to stop the violence that has killed more than 200 Palestinians since late September .
Israel has blockaded all West Bank cities after 10 people died in one of the worst days of Israeli - Palestinian violence in more than 10 weeks .
Israeli tank - fire killed five Palestinians including four policemen in the West Bank town of Jenine .
Israeli forces killed one Palestinian near Bethlehem and another in Arab East Jerusalem .
Palestinian gunmen in the West Bank killed two Jewish settlers in a roadside ambush near Hebron and a third Israeli in an attack against a bus outside of Jericho .
Russian President Vladimir Putin is set to meet with Cuban President Fidel Castro in Havana today .
The Russian leader is expected to discuss the possibility of collecting some of the billions of dollars in Soviet era debt still owed to Moscow by Cuba .
Israel 's Deputy Defense Minister Ifraem Snae held talks in the Gaza Strip Thursday with a top Palestinian official .
Mr. Snae 's meeting with Tayab Abdul Rahim came hours after the Israeli Army ordered Palestinians to leave joint security liaison offices .
There are no details on the talks .
The two men met at the Eric 's Crossing where a gun battle earlier in the day left one Israeli soldier dead .
A second Israeli soldier died in an explosion at a Palestinian - Israeli liaison office near a Jewish settlement in the Gaza Strip .
Well Bob , Palestinian and Israeli negotiators left for home on Saturday after five day of talks in Washington ended without a breakthrough .
Both delegations say they will report back to President Clinton next week to determine the future of the troubled peace process .
I am Dave Deforest VOA News .
Israeli Prime Minster Ehud Barak says he will not sign any peace deal that gives the Palestinians sovereignty over Jerusalem 's revered Temple Mount .
Mr. Barak also stressed his government will never accept an accord that gives Palestinians the right to return to Israel .
At the same time Palestinians are saying they will not sign a peace deal with Israel that fails to give them sovereignty over all of Arab East Jerusalem or allow the return of refugees .
Meanwhile , the White House is urging the Palestinians and Israelis to accept the ideas laid out by President Clinton for reaching a final peace agreement .
Security is on high alert in New Delhi following Friday 's killing of three people including an Indian soldier by suspected Muslim militants .
Indian troops are searching for two suspected Muslim militants who allegedly carried out the attack at the historic Red Fort in the heart of New Delhi .
I am David Coler , VOA News .
President - elect George W Bush made more cabinet appointments Wednesday .
He named Al Koha Chairman Paul O'Neil as Treasury Secretary and former California Food and Agriculture Secretary Anne Venemon as Secretary of Agriculture .
He also named an old friend , an oil business associate , Don Evans as Secretary of Commerce .
The promotion of free enterprise first in America and then abroad will be our first priority .
Free flow of capital , free and open competition .
We will strive to be an advocate for US businesses first in America and also those wading into the waters of the global market place .
Mr. Bush also named former Cuban refugee Mel Martinez as Secretary of Housing and Urban Development .
Mr. Martinez is a close political ally of the President - elect 's brother , Florida Governor Jeb Bush .
Mr. Bush says he will step down Thursday as Governor of Texas .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair arrives in Russia today for talks with Vladimir Putin on security , foreign policy , and economic issues .
They are also expected to discuss a new Russian proposal for deep cuts in US and Russian long - range missiles .
VOA 's Larry James in Moscow .
The highlight of the one - day visit will be three hours of talks on Tuesday , during which Mr. Blair and Mr. Putin will focus on a wide range of issues including Russia 's latest call for cutting the number of strategic nuclear warheads to below 1500 .
President Clinton has said such a deal is possible , but that it will be first necessary to convince Moscow of the merits of America 's proposed missile defense system .
The US wants to amend the 1972 anti-ballistic missile treaty so it can develop such a system .
Russia believes such a move could spark a new arms race and has threatened to tear up existing weapons agreements and stop disarmament talks if the United States goes ahead .
On Sunday Mr. Putin called on the Russian parliament to quickly ratify the amended Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty .
That treaty requires Russia to make further non-nuclear weapons reductions in some areas of the country including breakaway Chechnya .
President Putin acknowledged that Russia is still violating its commitment in Chechnya , but he said it is only a temporary situation which has the ultimate aim of cutting armaments in the region .
He also thanked the 29 other signatories to the treaty for their understanding .
He said Russia is fully behind the agreement that , he said , is an efficient instrument of ensuring security in Europe for years to come .
The original treaty was signed in 1990 and led to the destruction of thousands of heavy weapons by Nato and the former Warsaw Pact .
Tony Blair became the first Western leader to come to Russia to meet the new President last March even before Mr. Putin was elected .
The Russian leader returned the favor by making London one of his first foreign destinations after taking office .
The two have already met four times this year .
Analysts here in Moscow believe Britain can play a useful role as a bridge to both Europe and the United States .
Trade is also expected to figure significantly in the talks .
Britain ranks as the third largest investor after the United States and Germany with just slightly more than $ 1 billion invested in Russia .
Larry James , VOA News , Moscow .
The United Nations climate change conference in the Hague has ended in an impasse after two weeks of intense negotiations .
Delegates from 180 countries were unable to agree on how to cut greenhouse gas emissions , which many believe causes global warming .
Lisa Schline has been monitoring developments from the United Nations headquarters in Geneva .
The delegates were close to an agreement , but in the end a feud between the European Union and the United States caused its unravel .
They disagreed over how targeted cuts in greenhouse gas emissions could be achieved .
Under the Kyoto Protocol , 38 developed countries have to reduce emissions by more than 5 % over the next 10 years .
The United States , which is the world 's biggest polluter , wants to reach its target in large part by counting so - called carbon sinks against its emissions quota .
The United States argued that it has many rich forests and will plant new trees to help absorb carbon from the atmosphere as a means of cutting its emissions .
The EU rejected this proposal as self - serving .
Environmentalists have reacted to the failure with dismay .
Lisa Schline for VOA News , Geneva .
Palestinian and Israeli negotiators are headed home with some ideas put forward by President Clinton after failing to reach a breakthrough in their talks with US officials in Washington .
The negotiators are expected to report back by Wednesday after discussing the ideas with top officials .
After a meeting at the White House Saturday , none of those involved in the talks would give details about Mr. Clinton 's ideas on how to break this stalemate and proceed toward a peace settlement .
After the meeting Israeli Foreign Minister Shlomo Ben - Ami would only say that formidable obstacles remain .
It 's still too early to confirm , that is we need to deliberate between ourselves on whether we see these ideas that were raised here , as a basis for an end game .
Chief Palestinian negotiator Sayeeb Erekat told reporters that serious differences continue concerning Jerusalem , refugee , security and territorial issues .
Major gaps still exist .
This morning we 've heard ideas from President Clinton .
We will convey to President Arafat and then we 'll take it from there as to what will be the next step .
Mr. Clinton is working hard for a peace deal before he leaves office next month .
There are reports that he could meet separately with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , then decide if there was reason for a three way summit , but the White House is calling talks of such a summit premature .
And the UN High Commissioner for Refugees says southwestern Guinea is on the verge of a major humanitarian disaster because of regional fighting .
David Coler , VOA News .
President Clinton telephoned Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat Saturday in a bid to restart Israeli - Palestinian peace negotiations .
An Arafat advisor told reporters the two leaders agreed to work together to try to reach a peace agreement .
Nato led peacekeepers have urged Yugoslav authorities and ethnic - Albanian militants to keep talking to prevent a new round of fighting near Kosovo .
The tension began last week with ethnic - Albanian rebels attacking Serb positions in the Presovo valley of Serbia killing four Serb policemen .
The new democratic government of President Vladimir Kostunica agreed to give the alliance more time before launching counter attacks to drive out the rebels .
Mr. Kostunica visited the valley Monday and pledged to bring peace to the area .
President Bill Clinton has become the first US President to visit Vietnam in 31 years .
A small number of Vietnamese officials , including Foreign Minister Nguyen Dy Nien , greeted Mr. Clinton and his daughter Chelsea as they stepped off the plane at Hanoi .
Although the official welcoming ceremony will not occur until Friday morning , thousands of Vietnamese gathered on the road from the airport and thousands more jammed a square in front of Mr. Clinton 's hotel .
The President will stay in vietnam for three days , culminating a process of normalizing relations that began early in Mr. Clinton 's first term in office , eight years ago .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is proposing to transfer to the Palestinians another 10 % of the West Bank and to recognize a Palestinian state under a possible future extended interim accord .
Palestinian officials are rejecting the offer saying it does not meet their main concerns over Jerusalem and refugees .
Correspondent Eve Connan in Jerusalem reports the violence in the Middle East continues as Mr. Barak and other politicians begin preparing for early elections .
Prime Minister Barak , offering an unusually detailed description of his peace plan , said Thursday he would recognize an independent Palestinian state , but would postpone negotiating the issue of control over Jerusalem .
Mr. Barak is hoping to hammer out a peace deal with the Palestinians before facing early elections two years into what should have been his four - year term .
He suggested that if no accord was reached on Jerusalem , Palestinians should be granted 10 % of the West Bank under an interim agreement , but the Palestinians are seeking a permanent peace deal that would grant them independence and East Jerusalem as their capital .
Mr. Barak told a news conference he is not trying to speed up peace negotiations in order to win re-election , but that he will not delay efforts to end the violence .
Eve Connan , VOA News , Jerusalem .
President Vladimir Putin began an official visit to Cuba Wednesday , the first by a Russian leader since the collapse of the Soviet Union almost a decade ago .
VOA 's Sonia Paes reports that unlike Soviet leaders , Mr. Putin intends to concentrate on business , not politics .
In the old days of the Cold War when Soviet leaders met with Cuba 's Fidel Castro , it was usually a time for bear hugs and long and often fiery ideological speeches .
Times have changed .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has made it clear he brings no ideological baggage with him to Cuba this week .
According to political analyst Andre Reabov of the Carnegie Endowment in Moscow , strengthening Russia 's business and economic ties with Cuba are a priority for Mr. Putin .
Seems to me that one of the goals of this visit is to help , maybe to advance the interest of Russian companies in this island and maybe to restore the economical relationship between the Russian Federation and Cuba .
During Soviet times , Moscow poured in cash to subsidize the Cuban economy .
The Soviet Union provided Cuba with oil , petroleum products , foodstuffs and heavy machinery .
In return Moscow took Cuban sugar , citrus fruits , nickel and cobalt .
Today bilateral trade is a fraction of what it once was and stands at under one billion dollars a year .
President Putin has said it was a mistake to let that relationship wither and to allow foreign competitors to take the place that Russian enterprises once held .
The debt issue is certain to come up during talks in Havana .
Moscow would like to see Cuba repay some of the billions of dollars it still owes from loans that date back to the Soviet era .
No breakthrough agreements are expected but discussions are likely to also focus on finishing or reactivating a number of projects begun during Soviet times .
The Russian leader meets with President Castro Thursday morning and is also to hold talks with National Assembly President Ricardo Alarkon .
The issue of Cuban - American affairs is another likely topic of discussion .
On Tuesday President Putin called for an end to the American trade embargo against Cuba .
Political analyst Riyardov thinks Mr. Putin would like to encourage some sort of a between Havana and Washington , much as he has tried to do earlier this year with the United States and North Korea .
Mr. Putin tried to play the role of mediator between the Kinshumir regime of the Northern Korea and the US administration .
Seems to me he would delight to try to use the same line in the relationship between the Castro 's regime and the US administration too .
Such an attempt would be in line with Mr. Putin 's overall foreign policy agenda .
He wants to enhance Russia 's standing in the world and to do that he believes that Moscow must assume a greater role in international affairs .
After talks in Havana on Thursday , Mr. Putin and his wife are scheduled to head to one of Cuba 's premier beach resorts for two days of rest before traveling on to Canada .
Sonia Paes , VOA News , Moscow .
The United Nations in East Timor has issued the first indictments of suspects in the atrocities committed during the territory 's 1999 vote to separate from Indonesia .
Patricia Nunan reports from Jakarta .
A UN spokesman says eleven suspects , including an Indonesian military officer , have been indicted for murder and the forced of civilians in East Timor last year .
Ten members of an anti-independence militia group and the officer from Indonesia 's Special Forces , are accused of killing 13 people , that includes the murder of five clergymen , two church workers and an Indonesian journalist in the district of in September 1999 .
Of the eleven accused , nine of the suspects are being held by the United Nations in East Timor .
The Indonesian military officer and one other remain at large .
Elements of the Indonesian military are believed to have organized and supported anti-independence militias and have seized control of East Timor after separated from Indonesia in a UN sponsored ballot .
Three weeks of bloodshed followed , in which hundreds died while hundreds of thousands fled their homes or were forced to leave by Indonesian soldiers .
The chaos called for the deployment of international peacekeepers in East Timor , to restore order before full independence expected next year .
Since then United Nations and the Indonesian government have been working together to investigate alleged war crimes committed by troops and militia groups .
UN efforts to bring all suspects to justice have been met .
Just last week the investigation hit a stumbling block , when five Indonesian policemen refused to appear for questioning as witnesses at the Attorney General 's office .
Their lawyers argued that they are not legally bound to cooperate with the UN probe .
UN officials hope the Jakarta side of the investigation will resume early in the new year .
Patricia Nunan for VOA News Jakarta .
Thank you very much Bob .
There could be verdicts today in three different court cases relating to the State 's contested presidential election in Florida and the verdicts are believed to comprise Vice President Al Gore 's last chance to win the White House by reversing George W Bush 's election day victory .
Corespondent Nick Semion reports from Tallahassee where the most closely watched ruling could come from Florida 's Supreme Court .
Florida 's highest court must decide whether to overturn a strongly ordered lower court decision that firmly rejected Vice President Gore 's request for a hand recount of thousands of .
The Bush campaign says this would amount to rewriting Florida election law and that no evidence exists that any voter was denied the right to cast the ballot .
In two separate cases , lower courts are considering a demand by pro-Gore voters that thousands of absentee ballots be thrown out because Republican party workers were allowed to adjust ballot applications .
Bush campaign attorney Matthew Staber says the solution should not be to penalize the wrong people .
When we look at the remedy that they are requesting , even the disenfranchisement of one voice in this case is a price too high to pay .
While all this is going on , the Republican leaders of Florida 's legislature begin a special session Friday , to appoint the state 's 25 electors , a move designed to ensure that George W Bush is guaranteed enough electoral votes to win the White House .
Dick Semion , VOA News , Tallahassee .
And finally tonight , to Russia , with interest and curiosity .
While we may have our own problems here with a roller coaster of an election , they 've got some flip - flopping of their own going on when it comes to their national anthem .
ABC 's Richard Gizbert reports .
In a country that shed most symbols of its authoritarian past almost a decade ago , one of them is coming out of retirement -- the old Soviet anthem .
It was always a bold , stirring melody , a feature of the military parades in Red Square that Westerners came to recognize through medal ceremonies at the Olympic Games , but , like most Soviet symbols , it had to go .
`` we should bury it forever , '' this man says .
`` Our citizens were massacred to the sound of that anthem , and we were deprived of our freedom . ''
So Boris Yeltsin , who throughout his presidency displayed an interest in , if not a sophistication for , music , got rid of it .
He replaced it with a century Russian composition -- 7777 -- an instrumental with no lyrics to offend anyone , and that 's part of the problem .
Russian athletes were uncomfortably mute when their new lyric-less anthem was played .
Some even complained that it hurt team morale .
Ordinary Russians have difficulty humming the tune -- humming dissonantly -- not like the old anthem , 7777 humming melodically and Boris Yeltsin 's successor , President Vladimir Putin was clearly not a fan .
Putin , a Soviet - era KGB agent , wanted to revive the Soviet anthem .
He wants to present this idea of a strong state in symbols , in the flag , in the national anthem , but Putin realized that the anthem 's old pro-Communist lyrics would n't resonate in the new Russia .
So this past week parliament approved Putin 's compromise proposal , bring the melody of the old anthem back and come up with some new words .
Agreeing on those new words will not be easy , in a country that often can not escape or does not want to escape its Soviet past .
Richard Gizbert , ABC News , London .
And in Yemen , the investigation into the bombing that killed 17 U.S. sailors continues as 33 injured sailors returned home today to Norfolk , Virginia .
Well , big news in the money scope today .
Across the country , they were lining up jostling , even scuffling for the most wanted toy in America , which went on sale at midnight .
The Sony PlayStation plays video games .
It 's the latest in a line of ever improving game machines that began with the Atari , some of us remember , so many years ago .
This , however , is a toy with greater ambitions .
Here 's ABC 's Brian Rooney .
The Sony Corporation hopes those people who waited in line are the people who will lead Sony into domination of all home entertainment .
The game is worth waiting for , because it is the entertainment system of the future .
PlayStation 2 offers what fans believe is the most realistic animation in home video games , car racing that makes you feel `` G '' forces , fighting games with punch , sports games , the runners even congratulate each other after the race .
Today , Sony is offering , and may already have sold , half a million sets of PlayStation 2 in the United States .
PlayStation 2 in the first 60 days will generate $ 1 billion in retail .
That 's not all .
Sony has given PlayStation 2 a digital video disk player and a hookup ready for the day when the cousin installs broadband cable internet service in the house .
Then they can sell by wire Sony games , music and movies .
So this is really kind of their long - term strategy .
They see this as a platform for the digital delivery content to consumers ' homes .
The Babbage 's chain of 1,000 game stores sold out 60,000 PlayStations overnight , and everyone sold for $ 300 is a chance to get as much as $ 200 more from each customer .
There 's lots and lots of opportunities to add new accessories and games .
Selling , that 's the real game here , and Sony will not be the only entry .
Microsoft is developing a system called XIC Box for release next year , and Nintendo , once a dominant player , is plotting a comeback .
The winners get your attention , and your money .
Brian Rooney , ABC News , Los Angeles .
In the Palestinian territories today , violence on violence again .
It began with the bombing of a school bus carrying children of Jewish settlers .
It ended with one of the most punishing Israeli responses in weeks .
Here 's ABC 's Gillian Findlay .
For two hours tonight , Israeli helicopters and ships fired missile after missile on Gaza , with 50 missiles in all , hitting police buildings , Palestinian security buildings , several offices of Yasser Arafat 's political organization .
Unlike previous attacks , this one began without warning and early enough that people were still in the streets .
Gaza hospitals reported dozens of wounded , mostly bruises , doctors said , and shock .
Earlier today , it was Israelis in shock after a bomb exploded next to a bus filled with school children .
One of the Jewish settlements in Gaza .
The bus was armored , a usual precaution here , but the explosion was powerful .
Shrapnel killed two parents and injured several children seriously .
This road , a lifeline for the several hundred Jewish settlers who live here , has been targeted dozens of times in recent weeks .
Today , the Palestinian Authority was quick to deny any responsibility , pointing out the road is patrolled by Israeli soldiers .
The incident took place in an area which is under their control , under their security , jurisdiction , and they have to blame themselves .
But after tonight 's attack , Israel 's Prime Minister said none of this would have happened if Yasser Arafat had not let known terrorists out of jail .
We find no way than to respond like any other free world democracy .
Mr. Barak vowed the use of as much force as necessary to end this kind of violence .
Late tonight , in several Palestinian towns , the cry once more was for revenge .
Jillin Findley , Jerusalem .
Good evening .
It took the angry voices of hundreds of thousands of people protesting for days , but tonight Slobodan Milosevic finally admitted he is no longer the President of Yugoslavia , and he said he had just received that information .
It followed a day of intense behind - the - scenes negotiation to decide his future and the future of the country .
For now , it seems the new regime of President Kostunica is not insisting Milosevic leave the country .
ABC 's Bob Woodruff is in Belgrade tonight .
In a surprise live speech tonight , Slobodan Milosevic conceded his loss and congratulated his opponent .
I , myself , am relieved by the enormous responsibility I have borne for a whole decade .
I plan to rest a bit and spend time with my family , after that , to help my party gain force and contribute to the future of the country .
On the streets on the second day of the revolution , the people of Yugoslavia are savoring their victory , swept up by the sudden death of their dictatorship .
Belgrade has become one big party .
While the people celebrated , Slobodan Milosevic reappeared in Belgrade in a videotaped meeting .
Russia 's Foreign Minister had come to tell him that the Russians no longer are behind him and he should accept defeat .
Sources say Milosevic was defiant , promising to stay in Yugoslavia and in politics .
The people here say , their new President , Vojislav Kostunica , is quickly becoming a populist leader .
Today he , too , met with Russia 's Foreign Minister , who carried the Russian President 's endorsement , and tonight he went on national television to take direct questions from the viewers -- something Milosevic never dared to do .
Disdain for Milosevic seems to be growing .
Yesterday 's uprising was targeted mostly at him .
The crowds focused much of their anger on anything associated with Milosevic .
This is the local party headquarters of Milosevic 's wife .
As you can see , every window is broken and the building is trashed .
The mob also singled out and destroyed the store owned by Milosevic 's son .
They burned the TV station that carried Milosevic 's words and beat the station 's director , but tonight , the people seem to be turning away from anger , praying instead for a better future .
A future and a country without Slobodan Milosevic .
Bob Woodruff , Belgrade .
In other news today , the annual Christmas migration is under way from every part of the country , and many other parts of the world .
People are trying to reach their people somewhere else .
New York 's La Guardia Airport has been a nightmare this year , but there is some good news .
Even with the bad weather and the number of people flying , the industry says 2 million in the U.S. alone , things are not as bad as they might be .
Here 's ABC 's Bob Jamieson .
Reporter :
At Chicago 's O'Hare Airport , ground zero for air travel troubles all year -- there was a holiday surprise .
220,000 passengers jammed the airport , but with good weather and labor peace at United Airlines , there were few delays .
We 're actually on time today .
A rare thing that happens here .
Reporter :
There were scattered delays in Philadelphia , New York and Boston .
Snow fell all day long in the Northeast , causing poor visibility , but little stayed on the ground .
Across the country , skies were clear at almost every major airline hub and little change is expected tomorrow , which was particularly welcome at Atlanta 's Hartsfield Airport .
Earlier this week , bad weather added to a labor dispute between Delta Airlines and its pilots caused scores of cancellations and hundreds of delays .
Still , Delta said it was forced to cancel 5 % of its flights today , because some pilots refused overtime .
This journey started at 6:45 a.m. , and it does n't look like there 's any promise of getting out of here tonight .
Reporter :
Analysts say travelers should still consider today an early Christmas present .
Anybody that thinks this will be the way that air travel is through the rest of the holidays and into the year 2001 are in for a real surprise .
This is not at all the way things usually are .
Reporter :
Which may explain why so many , almost 45 million people , are traveling by car this weekend , up sharply from last year .
And few problems are reported .
All aboard .
Reporter :
Amtrak is expected to have more passengers too .
I take the train because it 's a lot more sane than flying .
Reporter :
The rail carrier is adding 16,000 seats in the Northeast alone , many for passengers who decided not to take a chance on the weather or the airlines .
Bob Jamieson , ABC News , New York .
We all know it pays to keep checking .
abcnews.com has up to the minute reporting on travel in the country .
President Clinton has reportedly approved a $ 12 million plan to give aid to Iraqi opposition groups .
According to `` the Washington Post , '' the money would be used to help distribute food -- medicine and other humanitarian relief .
Final think evening -- on this Halloween , witchcraft .
At least 500,000 Americans now describe themselves as witches , in that they practice witchcraft in one part of the country or another .
Many find what witches do inoffensive , but not so in part of Louisiana .
Peggy Wehmeyer reports on what is acceptable in New Orleans is anything but not far away .
When it comes to spirituality , New Orleans is a city of contrasts .
Attend Mass on Sunday morning , visit fortune tellers and voodoo queens by noon .
But practices that go mostly unnoticed in New Orleans are causing a stir because 70 miles down the road in a conservative bayou town , a home to more than 100 churches and a coven of witches .
The main belief in witchcraft is harm none .
Not everyone in town thinks these witches are harmless .
Many fear they are introducing dangerous spirits into the community .
The church is gainst everything we stand for as a Christian nation .
We want to stand up and say not in our community .
We want to say absolutely not .
In an effort to end witchcraft , a resident filed a complaint against the witches using an old law that forbids fortune - telling .
The witches believe that through these rituals and the reeged of Tarot cards , their gods and goddesses will direct their futures .
Local officials sent a detective to the coven to photograph the evidence .
All of a sudden , we get a knock on the door .
He says , I 'm going to turn these pictures in to my superiors and they 're going to determine if it is fortune - telling .
If it is , I 'll arrest you .
The ACLU is trying to abolish that threat .
The group is now suing Louisiana on behalf of the witches to abolish the 1928 law it considers unconstitutional .
We do n't protect the wicked free speech right , then the Baptists and Catholics ' free speech right is at risk .
They say they do n't have a case against the witches but they fear the witch - hunt will continue until the fortune - telling law is off the book for good .
Peggy Wehmeyer , Louisiana .
Still in Asia , President Clinton signed a bill today granting China permanent normal trade relations .
This will end the annual review of China 's trade status and lower tariffs on Chinese imports .
China , in return , has agreed to open its market wider to goods from the U.S .
The Palestinian territories today , three Jewish settlers were killed by Palestinians .
Two men were on a bus when Palestinians fired on a bus and a woman was killed when her car was fired on .
The Palestinians had warned they would retaliate for Thursday 's assassination of a commander of the Fatah organization .
In Washington this was a day about beginnings , but it 's also one of farewells .
Bill Clinton said good-bye .
Few people can really know what it must be like to leave the White House as President that final time .
We do know that Mr. Clinton worked right up until the end , granting more than 100 pardons as he walked out the door .
Here 's ABC 's John Cochran .
7777
An hour after seeing George W. Bush sworn in , Bill Clinton for the first time in 8 years was no longer introduced as the President of the United States .
It is , indeed , my great honor and privilege to introduce to you now our President of the United States .
Cheers
This was the farewell from his Washington friends .
Many had served in his government .
Many of them are not sure what the future holds for them .
You know how it is when you leave the White House , you wonder if you 'll draw a crowd again .
The President told supporters they should be proud of what his administration had accomplished .
You gave me the ride of my life .
I tried to give as good as I got .
Even though he tried to keep up the spirits , he had gone through an emotional 24 hours himself , refusing to sleep last night , savoring every hour in the White House , working until the end --
Less than two hours before he lost his presidential powers , he granted pardons to 140 Americans , including Henry Cisneros , former Housing Secretary convicted of lying to the FBI , Roger Clinton , the former President 's half - brother , John Deutch , the former CIA director who pleaded guilty yesterday to mishandling classified materials , Patty Hearst , and Susan M Dougal , a friend of the Clintons who served part of her time in the jail for refusing to testify about them .
It hurt my mom and dad so much to hear convicted felon .
Now no one can say that again .
By late this afternoon , as movers transported the belongings to the home in Chappaqua , he had no longer the power to grant pardons , and at a rally in New York , it was the state 's new senator who got the spotlight .
Thank you all so much .
To those who think Bill Clinton has seen his last hurrah , he has this to say -- `` I may no longer be President , but I 'll be around . ''
Mr. Bush has yet to take office .
How will it be once he takes over ?
One writer asked today , Will black Americans be eternal victims ? Will Mr. Bush and millions of blacks be permanently estranged ?
Here is ABC 's John Martin .
As usual , it took a comedian to say what many Americans are thinking .
Give Bush credit .
You realize Bush has named more black people to his administration than voted for him .
Today , George W. Bush signaled his intention to mend fences with black Americans .
I 've got a lot of work to do , but I welcome the opportunity .
I look forward to the chance .
Georgetown law professor Sheryll Cashin worked in the first Clinton White House .
Will it be important for him to reach out ?
Will it be necessary ?
Yes .
Maybe not necessary , but definitely important .
Important for several reasons .
Republicans hold only a five - vote majority in Congress , so the 38 black votes lined up by this member , Eddie Bernice Johnson , will be crucial .
She is the new chair of the Black Caucus .
The consequences of his ignoring us means his programs will not probably be successful .
Mr. Bush wants to build bridges to the White House and gain support among blacks .
The question is whether that 's feasible without antagonizing his political base .
Black leaders say without Bush 's support on the issues which matter to them , they will mobilize and work extra hard to get the vote out next time in even greater numbers for the Democrats .
John Martin , ABC News , Washington .
In yesterday 's ruling from Florida 's Supreme Court , the chief justice warned recounting undervotes in the counties would cause `` confusion and disorder . ''
In some places today those words appeared prophetic .
Mike Von Fremd from Jacksonville .
When the Supreme Court issued its decision to stop , observers in the counting room were told to leave .
Are you serious ?
As soon as I see it in writing , if it says stop , I will stop .
We 're stopping right now until I see if we need to keep on stopping .
The process stopped before a single ballot was counted .
Tempers flared early on after the Republican chairman of the Canvassing Board announced in advance that it was impossible to meet tomorrow 's p.m. deadline .
No possible way .
If he can not carry out his constitutional duty to do this , then he should do as the judge in Tallahassee did , recuse himself , put somebody there who can get it done !
cheers and applause
The problem is that the 5,000 undercount ballots are mixed in with the pool of nearly 300,000 ballots .
They flew in a computer consultant to install a program to separate the ballots .
His explanation of how it all works baffled me .
We load the cards into the reader hopper at which time the machine looks for a light and then passes into the stacker .
From beginning to end , both sides fought every step of the way .
This morning they could not decide how to begin .
Tonight , the two sides are arguing about what to do now that they have been told to stop .
Democrats say , at least sort the ballots .
Republicans said , No way .
Mike Von Fremd , ABC News , Jacksonville .
As for the animals , when it comes to genetically engineered animals , the law 's having an even tougher time keeping pace with science .
A U.S. company is seeking government permission to bring genetically altered fish to America 's kitchens .
Kevin Newman reports from a Canadian province .
For as long as they 've told stories , fishermen on this Canadian island province have shared tales of their catch .
Lobster in recent years , but not too long ago , another delicacy -- salmon .
Oh , yeah , we used to get salmon in the spring , but we do n't see it anymore .
I think they are pretty well wiped out .
But only two miles away , Atlantic salmon are thriving , and that 's an understatement .
These experimental salmon are on the cutting edge of the debate over genetically engineered food because a company has found a way to make the bigger one use growth hormone more efficiently .
It reaches full size faster .
How old is this fish ?
You 're looking at 2 1 / 2 years .
How old is this fish ?
Same age .
It is up to the Food and Drug Administration to decide if these will be the first genetically engineered beings to make it to your dinner table .
But is that agency also capable of judging what impact it may have on other species ?
Senior government wildlife experts have their doubts .
I think it 's asking more of the FDA than it should be asked to turn it into a wildlife agency .
The FDA says it has hired experts in the field , but unlike wildlife agencies , the FDA keeps its research and evaluations secret from the public .
Laws do stipulate that there are certain types of material that we need to hold in confidence .
Which worries some who think it 's important people know if creating supersalmon to feed human appetites could threaten normal salmon .
We have shown they have a tremendous potential to upset the balance of nature .
The company producing the supersalmon says it can solve that problem by engineering fish that never mate , but the balance of nature grows more complicated and controversial , the deeper man explores the power of creation .
Kevin Newman , ABC News , Souris , Prince Edward Island .
American Mideast peace envoy Dennis Ross goes to Morocco this week for meetings with Palestinian President Yasser Arafat .
News of the meeting came the same day Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak resigned .
Barak 's dramatic move is considered a tactical one .
After a special election in two months , he hopes to be back in office .
There were a couple of indications earlier about how important Social Security has become as an issue in the presidential campaign .
Everyone agrees it needs fixing and if it is n't reformed , it will eventually run out of money .
George W. Bush wants to modernize Social Security , as he puts it , by allowing workers to take a small share of their Social Security , payroll tax , to increase themselves .
Al Gore wants to maintain the existing system .
He says he would save Social Security by reducing the national debt and giving Social Security extra money .
ABC 's John Martin takes a closer look from the battleground state of Missouri .
At a small robotics company in a St. Louis suburb , the Blumers , father and son , work side by side .
George Bush 's plan to allow them to invest a small portion of their Social Security payroll taxes in the stock market is where they part ways .
I could do with it what I want .
If I made a bad decision , then falls back on me , and I do n't have to complain about anybody else messin' my money .
It 's retirement money .
It 's Social Security money .
If you lose it , it 's gone .
The issue comes down to this -- will voters believe Al Gore 's promise to protect Social Security the way it is ? or will they take a gamble and trust George Bush 's plan to privatize part of it ?
Some Missouri voters are not sure Social Security will be there for them , so they are ready to take a risk .
Mike Dubis is 29 , father of three .
Giving all that money to Uncle Sam to earn his 2 % on it or me turning around making 27 % or 30 % on it , I 'd have to go that way .
That way was a simple appeal .
I just want more of a say - so of what I can do with my own money .
At a union hall , retirees worry that Bush is gambling with their Social Security benefits .
I do n't think nobody has the option to take my Social Security and invest it in nothing .
It 's mine !
Gore targets independents like Hank and Loretta Goehring to drive home the point that the Bush plan will take $ 1 trillion out of the system .
They got a phone message by actor Ed Asner .
Hi , this is Ed Asner .
But I do n't think we have enough money to cover both promises .
Neither candidate says how he will guarantee Social Security 's future , and both resist saying it will cost more money .
Do you never see the need in the future to raise taxes or cut benefits ?
I certainly hope not .
An ABC News poll shows voters divided on who will best protect Social Security , but 58 % support a plan like Bush 's .
In this era of stock market wealth , they see his idea as an opportunity , not the end of Social Security .
John Martin , ABC News , St. Louis .
There are a lot of complexities in Social Security in both of these plans .
If you go to our website , abc.com , that may help .
It will be a long time that it 's forgotten that Mr. Bush won this the way he did in the Supreme Court .
Yes , it took a while last night to sort out precisely what the court had decided by such a narrow margin .
It is case number 00949 , and it will be dissected for years to come .
Here 's ABC 's Jackie Judd .
The Supreme Court cleared the way for George W. Bush to become President by interpreting the principle of `` equal protection under the law '' in a way it had never done before .
Equal protection cases often deal with discrimination based on race .
Here , the court applied it to counting voters ' ballots .
It 's now become clear , that as a matter of federal law , there have to be reasonably uniform standards for collecting people 's votes and for interpreting those votes .
In fact , equal protection became the single issue this divided court could find a majority to support .
This was a stabilizing decision that restored order to a very chaotic situation .
And with that in mind , the justices -- in a highly unusual move -- said their ruling `` is limited to the present circumstances '' only , meaning it applies just to Bush v. Gore .
Not likely , say many legal experts .
What they 've done now amounts to , what could be a very important general principle , and take it right back again immediately by saying , `` well , we do n't intend to enforce this in any other case . ''
Even those who support aspects of the ruling still expect it to affect many states with election laws similar to Florida .
That raises a host of new questions , not just about recounts , but about different voting machines and differences between one city and another city within the same state .
Even it raises questions about differences between citizens of different states .
This historic decision will certainly be remembered as the one that put a President in the White House , but it may also become a decision that expands the judiciary 's role in future elections as well .
Jackie Judd , ABC News , the Supreme Court .
Like many Heartland states , Iowa has had trouble keeping young people down on the farm or anywhere within state lines .
With population waning , the state is looking beyond its borders for newcomers .
As ABC 's Jim Sciutto reports , one little town may provide a big lesson .
On homecoming night Postville feels like Hometown , USA , but a look around this town of 2,000 shows it 's become a miniature Ellis Island .
This was an all - white , all - christian community that all the sudden was taken over -- not taken over , that 's a very bad choice of words , but invaded by , perhaps different groups .
It began when a Hasidic Jewish family bought one of the town 's two meat - packing plants 13 years ago .
First they brought in other Hasidic Jews , then Mexicans , Palestinians , Ukrainians .
The plant and another next door changed the face of Postville .
I think Postville might be catching up with the rest of America .
If you look all over America , if you did a study of any great city , you would see the same thing .
The plants helped spur economic development in a town that had long been stagnant .
Stores are expanding .
New apartments and houses are being built , and there are hundreds of new jobs , making unemployment almost nonexistent .
What else would you like ?
Postville now has 22 different nationalities , but some residents have n't welcomed the newcomers .
They have no insurance on their cars .
They do n't stop at stop signs .
They do not put their children in a cash -- they 've never heard of a car seat .
You know we 've been here a long time and I think most people would meet them halfway , but that does n't seem to be what they want .
For those who prefer the old Postville , Mayor John Hyman has a simple answer .
I just tell them , you 've got to change .
They 're here to stay .
They 're not gon na leave , and you 're going to have to adapt to these people .
Iowa 's governor is now looking to follow Postville 's example , relaxing immigration quotas .
It 's a goal that seems possible when on homecoming night the starting kicker is 14 - year - old Nikita Kargalskiy , who may be 5,000 miles from his hometown in Russia .
Jim Sciutto , ABC News , Postville Iowa .
In the Palestinian territories today , four Palestinians were killed by Israeli soldiers and a motorist was shot by a sniper .
The Clinton administration is concerned about a situation spinning out of control .
The U.S. said that yesterday 's Palestinian attack to a school bus was an atrocious act and the U.S. told the Israelis that their use of excessive force is not the right way to go .
Egypt has recalled its ambassador from Israel to protest the rocket attacks on Gaza .
When the `` USS Cole '' was attacked last October and 17 sailors were killed , one of the sailors on board the `` USS Cole '' used his own camera to record some of the aftermath .
These are pictures you have not seen before , what the terrorists did to a $ 1 billion ship , not to mention the country 's morale .
Here 's ABC 's John M Wethy .
Most of the sailors who died were about to have lunch .
A half - eaten meal still sits on the table .
A few feet away , destruction is total -- the floor driven up through the ceiling , a deadly twisting of steel , daylight showing through a gaping hole in the side of the ship .
We was lucky to make it through all this .
Seaman Carl Wingate , who shot this home video , remembers the moment , along with his shipmates .
It was a really loud boom .
I mean , it 's almost undescribable how loud it was .
I actually started running up the passageway , up the ladder .
I opened up the door , and there was no deck there .
It 's gone .
I felt my whole body shaking .
I thought I was getting electrocuted .
I did n't know what was going on .
In the hours just after the blast , the crew is in a state of shock .
Some still covered with soot from the explosion wander through darkened passageways , still not sure what hit them .
God was with me today .
A senior enlisted man says he would have been killed if he had not been called to a meeting moments before the blast .
There was debris laying all over .
Outside , the ship 's exterior walls are pitted by shrapnel from the explosion .
An orange life raft , blown from the deck , is plastered to the side of the bridge , like a moth on the front of a speeding car .
Crewmen , now at battle stations , stand at a 50 - caliber machine gun that was unmanned when the attack occurred .
The Navy 's final report on the `` Cole '' attack is expected to explain why no one will be punished , even though the captain and crew failed to take basic steps to protect the ship .
Sources say the Navy itself will accept part of the blame , by admitting all its ships were vulnerable and its sailors were not trained to expect this kind of attack .
John M Wethy , ABC News , the Pentagon .
Some of the other news today --
In Washington , Israeli and Palestinian negotiators met again with President Clinton and were slightly optimistic .
The Palestinian negotiator said there was some progress on Palestinian sovereignty over part of Jerusalem .
The attack on the `` USS Cole '' in Yemen is being reassessed tonight .
ABC 's Barry Serafin is in our Washington Bureau .
I gather the thing that the Navy is looking at is the actual timing .
We were led to believe that the attack occurred just as the `` USS Cole '' was tying up .
Not true , apparently ?
Not true , according to new information now released by the Navy , Peter .
The Navy now says the ship was actually moored nearly two hours before the explosion took place .
It was , in fact , in the process of being refueled at the time of the blast .
the theory was that RTJ C World News / Peter Jennings ABC % RTJ ! had slipped in as part of the mooring operation .
That was not true .
The ship was tied up .
It was in a very vulnerable position as it was being refueled .
However , the Navy now says that hands on deck who were manning machine guns , as part of an alert , still believed they had seen this small boat as part of the mooring operation , and that is apparently why they were not suspicious .
Let me understand the last point again .
If it was not part of the mooring operation , does it mean it was lost in a cluster of boats or operating clear to sea ?
This was a small boat that at that point , Peter , should not have been approaching this ship , but apparently the hands on deck who were supposed to be maintaining security , believed this was a small boat they had seen earlier as part of the mooring operation , and therefore did not view it as a suspicious boat .
Thanks very much .
It often happens in a case like this , as time goes on , the assessment changes .
Today , the bodies of the last four sailors recovered from the `` Cole '' were sent home to the United States .
17 sailors were killed in the blast .
At Arlington National Cemetery , the first of the funerals .
Cheron Gunn from Rex , Georgia was buried next to his ship mate Richard Costello of Morrisville , Pennsylvania .
Overseas this evening , Arafat has made a public appeal to Palestinians to stop shooting at Israeli targets in the Palestinian territories .
The Israeli Prime Minister said that was not adequate .
Four Palestinians were killed by Israeli soldiers in the territories today .
The chief prosecutor at the International War Crimes Tribunal has demanded the new Yugoslav President hand Slobodan Milosevic over to face trial for war crimes , but the U.S. , which has spent enormous amounts of time and energy fighting Milosevic , seems more willing to wait tonight .
Here 's our national security correspondent , John M Wethy .
Tonight the U.S. is still offering to pay $ 5 million for information leading to the arrest and conviction of Slobodan Milosevic for war crimes .
I believe we can not ignore the actions of the war crimes tribunal .
I think we have to continue to support it , but there no longer seems to be any urgency about grabbing Milosevic .
The important thing first is to get him out of any position of any kind of power .
Senior administration officials are now saying privately that if Milosevic never comes to trial , the U.S. might not like it , but could live with it , as long as the man is gone .
The new President of Yugoslavia , Vojislav Kostunica , has made it clear he would not be likely to turn over Milosevic or anyone else to the war crimes tribunal .
He says the tribunal is not fair and is manipulated by the U.S. -- the same criticism Milosevic had , but in most ways , Milosevic and Vojislav Kostunica have starkly different views .
On freedom of the press , rule of law and a free market economy , Milosevic opposed them all .
Kostunica supports them .
His great advantage above all else is the fact that he is not corrupt .
He 's clean .
He seems as the most honorable man in Serbian politics .
Like most Serbs , Kostunica is bitterly critical of Nato 's bombing campaign last year .
He also thinks the Clinton administration and especially Madeleine Albright pursued anti-Serbian policies .
At the same time , in many respects , he is very pro-American .
To help him , the U.S. is moving quickly to lift economic sanctions and is exploring ways to send aid .
The U.S. now has 10,000 troops in the Balkans , at a cost of $ 4 billion a year .
The next step will be to look for ways to cut those numbers .
John M Wethy , ABC News , the Pentagon .
This week , Israel began opening its borders , just slightly , so that some Palestinians could go back to work .
Officials say the block over the past two months has been necessary for security , but for Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank , it has been an economic nightmare .
Here 's ABC 's Gillian Findlay .
This is how bad it has gotten for Ahmad Al - dour .
Out of work , out of savings , he is now trying to sell one of the few valuables he has left .
The most important thing is to buy milk for the children , says this father of two .
I do n't care about the price .
I just need to sell it .
These days , Gaza 's central market is filled with people who need to sell .
TV's , stereos , even bicycles .
Mohammed 's parents told him they needed the money for food .
Israel says it closed its borders for security reasons , but the economic impact here has been devastating .
It 's not just that tens of thousands of Palestinians who used to work in Israel are unemployed , construction in Gaza has all but stopped .
Israel has blocked cement supplies .
Gas is also in short supply , and from time to time , so is food .
According to the United Nations , in just three months , the number of Palestinians living below the poverty line has risen by 50 % .
One in three Palestinians now live on less than $ 2 a day .
Their economy , which had been growing , now loses close to $ 9 million a day .
I really do n't think we have much longer than the end of January before real disaster starts hitting from the economic point of view .
Five years ago Bashar Al - masri gave up a successful Washington investment career to return to Ramallah and help build the new Palestinian state .
Business was good , he says , until the Palestinians started their uprising .
Israel began shooting back .
The bullet came in here and hit the wall right here .
And all of Mr. Al - masri 's investors fled .
Soon , he says , he will have no choice but to lay off his staff , making more people unemployed , more people desperate .
If the Israelis think that things are going to get better , they are going to get much , much worse because you are going to have many more people who are hopeless .
Hopeless , and angry .
Israel says it wants security .
Palestinians say , strangling them economically is only going to make things worse .
Gillian Findlay , ABC News , Ramallah .
In the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador , the oil spill that threatens so many species of rare birds and animals is now the size of Los Angeles .
Cleanup teams are desperately trying to save the hundreds of endangered species .
A tanker ran aground last week off San Cristobal Island , and our Ned Potter is there tonight .
This morning , the tanker was practically on its side , the waves breaking it off just 500 yards from San Cristobal Island , and despite their best efforts , officials said 200,000 gallons of engine fuel had already leaked from the hull , endangering sea lions , pelicans , crabs and other species .
The best thing that you can do is take care of the oil here at the source of pollution , where it 's concentrated .
Ed Stanton heads a U.S. Coast Guard team , sent here at Ecuador 's request .
From Mobile , Alabama , they 're trying , against the odds , to pump any remaining fuel from the ship so that it wo n't spill into the ocean , too .
You become sympathetic and empathetic with the people that are here .
They 've never experienced anything like this , and for them , it 's an emotional turmoil .
Indeed , hundreds of people from around the Galapagos gathered in the harbor here to help in any way they could .
Fishermen in their boats , trying to clean up the waters .
Others trying to clean up shorelines , saving birds , all by hand .
How many animals have you cleaned off ?
This is the fourth one .
The `` Jessica '' was here to deliver fuel for tour boats , which bring many of the island 's 45,000 visitors .
In other words , the environment here was damaged , in part , because so many people come to marvel at it .
The Galapagos are hallowed ground to many scientists , for it was here that Charles Darwin derived his theory of natural selection .
Now many of the fish he saw are in danger because pollutants could sink and kill the algae on which underwater life depends , but late today , the news was encouraging -- that wind and currents were carrying most of the spill away from land .
I have a mixture of anxiety about the situation , and also relief , though .
We 've been lucky .
Lucky , but only up to a point .
This place has suffered its worst crisis in decades , and found itself almost helpless to protect itself .
Ned Potter , ABC News , on San Cristobal in the Galapagos Islands .
And now making hockey history --
the record for most victories by a goaltender in the National Hockey League has been held by Terry Sawchuck of the Detroit Red Wings since 1961 , and now comes Patrick Roy of the Colorado Avalanche .
Here 's ABC 's Brian Rooney .
In 16 years with the National Hockey League , Patrick Roy has stopped the other team from scoring 21,000 times , frequently doing the impossible .
Do you believe that ?
Highway robbery .
And the amazing thing is , he almost never sees the puck .
No , I do n't see the puck most of the time , especially when it 's really fast or at close range .
It 's more anticipating it .
He follows the action with his eyes , and just knows where the puck will go .
He plays what is known as butterfly style , splitting his legs , often playing from his knees , filling the net with his 6 ' 1 '' body .
90 % of the time , when you 're coming down on Patrick , all you see is his big jersey and the equipment , and you just do n't see net , so there 's room to shoot .
Roy has his quirks .
He talks to the goalposts and refuses to step on the red and blue lines .
He writes the names of his three children on his stick before every game , but he says the most important thing is not superstition , not even talent .
I think the passion .
If you love what you 're doing , and if you 're a passionate person , I mean , that will make the difference in the end .
When he breaks the record for most wins , Patrick Roy will replace Detroit 's late Terry Sawchuk in the record books .
From George Vezina in the to Gump Worsely , who had a face stitched like a quilt , and Roy 's hero , Rogie Vachon , pioneer of an aggressive style , the goalie has been the loner of the end of the rink .
They used to play without a mask , but now the game is faster and the puck flies at 100 miles an hour .
Years ago , the goaltenders were kind of the guys that could n't play defense , could n't play forward , maybe were n't good skaters , so they put them in net .
Today , I think they 're as good an athlete as any other player on the team .
And Patrick Roy has established a standard that the goalie has to be an athlete on a par with the best of any sport .
He has won the Stanley Cup three times .
I just wanted to survive , you know .
I just wanted to break that league and survive in it as long as I could , and being in that position today is something big for me .
He loves to play , which is just another thing that might make him the greatest goalie the game has ever had .
Brian Rooney , C News , Denver .
The government said today it 's going to cut back on the enormous number of people who descended on Yemen to investigate the attack on the `` USS Cole . ''
So many people from several agencies wanting to participate that the Yemenis are feeling somewhat overwhelmed in their own country .
Investigators have come up with another theory on how the terrorists operated .
ABC 's John Miller on the house with a view .
High on a hillside , in a run - down section of Aden , the house with the blue door has a perfect view of the harbor .
American and Yemeni investigators believe that view is what convinced a man who used the name Abdullah to rent the house several weeks before the bombing of the `` USS Cole . ''
Early on investigators theorized it was an inside job and much of the focus was on employees of the Mansoon shipping company , which was under contract by the Navy to refuel U.S. warships and would have had advance information about the `` Cole 's '' arrival .
Now the FBI believes all the terrorists needed to do was look out the window , to go through precisely the same drill , well before the `` Cole '' arrived .
The man in this house would have had plenty of time to signal two bombers waiting with the boat across the bay .
Investigators say clues collected over the last few days have already pointed them to locations both near and far outside the port city of Aden , but they wo n't say there 's any indication that the plot here goes beyond Yemen 's boarders .
Learning the true identities of those involved in the bombing would help answer that question , but the two suicide bombers died in the attack , and after the explosion , the man who lived behind the blue door simply vanished .
John Miller , ABC News , Aden .
You have a child in the service and the waiting is hell .
It today , the first bodies , seven sailors are confirmed dead 10 presumed dead .
Arrived at that very familiar stopover air base at Ramstein in Germany on their way home .
From Ramstein , the bodies will go to the Cole 's home port , Norfolk , Virginia , just as Fleet Week is beginning to celebrate the anniversary of the American Navy .
Celebration will also be commemoration .
In Yemen today , where the ship was attacked , the deliberate , well - organized familiar effort to find out who did it , and how it happened .
ABC 's Morton Dean is in Aden .
The damaged ship , the huge hole in its side now covered by canvas , sat in calm seas today .
Unseen from land was a frenzy of activity , including divers searching for bodies and searching for clues --
Its might rivaled the explosion that blew apart the federal office acknowledge in Oklahoma City .
Only such a potent force , they theorize , could have ripped `` Cole 's '' steel hull , collapsed some of the war ship 's interior sections , and destroyed some of its vital communications .
Investigators are heading into this steamy port city to begin analyzing the theories while assembling the facts .
A U.S. official here praised the Yemen government , saying it was doing its part .
The Yemenis have been very cooperative in providing additional security , both in the harbour , on land and to our people .
In recent months , there have been anti-U.S. and anti-Israel demonstrations in Yemen , despite efforts to establish more friendly ties .
One major factor in the improved relationship between the United States and Yemen involves Iraq .
Yemen agreed that when the U.S. intercepted ships suspected of violating the trade embargo against Iraq , the ships could be brought into port here .
The Navy said today , all of the bodies recovered so far are on their way home , and all of the injured have now been transferred elsewhere for further medical care .
Morton Dean , ABC News , Yemen .
Off the coast of Ecuador , a U.S. Coast Guard team has arrived to help clean up the damage from a serious oil spill in the Galapagos Islands .
Officials fear it is a major environmental disaster in the making .
They are one of the world 's environmental marvels --
Isolated 600 miles off the northwest coast of South America , the Galapagos Islands are famed for their wildlife .
Its giant tortoises and rare species of birds inspired Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution .
Today they are threatened by a tanker that was carrying fuel to the islands .
It ran aground last week and began spilling oil Friday .
Already 120,000 gallons of fuel are believed to have leaked , damaging wildlife on the Galapagos ' eastern-most islands , San Cristobal .
Ecuador 's Environmental Minister Rodolfo Rendon , is on the islands .
We spoke to him by phone .
It is a very , very serious environmental problem , and we are working so it wo n't be a disaster .
Officials say currents are pushing the spill toward one of the largest colonies of sea lions .
Ecuadorian crews are trying to control the leak by setting up a fence to trap it , and using chemicals to neutralize .
They are also taking oil off the grounded tanker , but so far they 've only managed to retrieve 20,000 gallons .
Tens of thousands more are still on board .
The Bridgestone / Firestone Company today blamed a combination of factors for the flawed tires linked to more than 150 deaths .
Firestone says there was a design flaw .
The pockets between the tread on the tire shoulder are too steep .
The company also blamed consumers who underinflate their tires , Ford -- for recommending a low tire pressure and the manufacturing process at one plant in Decatur , Illinois .
ABC 's Bob Jamieson is in Decatur tonight .
Few workers were inside the Decatur plant today , virtually closed for the next two weeks because Firestone sales have plummeted .
Firestone 's finding that the process , not the quality of workmanship that brought about the failures has brought a sense of relief .
Many feared that Firestone would close the plants for work .
It 's always been a concern , being pointed to and singled out as a problem plant .
Firestone is Decatur 's third - largest employer .
Though one - fourth of the workers were laid off , the tiremaker still employs 1,400 .
It 's very good news .
It 's very good news for us .
Economic Development Director Richard Eggars lobbied Firestone to keep the plant open .
In terms of payroll and selective services , Firestone infuses approximately $ 5 million a month into the local economy .
But in the tidy , modest neighborhoods where Firestone workers live , the damage has already been done .
Until the problems , Firestone was a family business for the Coppenbargers .
Richard and Shirley , together , have nearly 60 years on the job .
Richard Jr. had 14 months , before he was laid off in October .
The job -- it 's a big history here in the family , so to speak , following my parents here .
My job meant more to me than just a paycheck .
I am worried .
I 'd like to finish out until my actual retirement , when I was really ready to quit , but , yeah , I have some doubts .
It is an uncertain Christmas here .
The report absolves the workers , they know their jobs will only be safe if Firestone restores faith in its products and sells more tires .
Bob Jamieson , ABC News , Decatur .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak said today he will stop diplomatic contacts with Yasser Arafat until after the Israeli election on February .
Just yesterday , he had agreed to meet with the Palestinian leader this coming week in Sweden .
The announcement triggered harsh words from Arafat at the Davos World Economic Forum , where he spoke with Israeli elder statesman Shimon Peres .
Israeli Prime Minister Barak says he will resign tomorrow .
Sometimes things are not as they seem .
This is one of them .
This is a political chess move .
ABC 's Gillian Findlay is in Israel tonight .
It was an emotional speech and one that Israelis had not expected .
`` Tomorrow morning I will inform the President of my decision to resign , '' said Mr. Barak .
`` I will ask again for the trust of the Israeli people . ''
That trust has plummeted in the year and a half since Barak came to power .
Failed peace talks with the Palestinians and the violence that has followed weakened him , strengthened the speculation that former Prime Minister Netanyahu might return to politics and try to unseat him .
Mr. Netanyahu would win easily according to polls .
That may be why Barak has chosen to resign now .
Israel was headed towards an early general election .
By announcing his resignation , Barak has ensured it will be a different election , a special election for Prime Minister only .
Mr. Netanyahu will not be eligible .
That 's because under Israel 's election rules , only a sitting member of parliament can run in a special election .
Mr. Netanyahu gave up his seat when he lost the last election .
Thanks , Gillian Findlay in Israel .
Former Iranian hostage Terry Anderson and the families of seven other former hostages will soon begin receiving compensation for their suffering .
ABC 's Jim Sciutto has the story .
His death at the hands of Iranian - backed militants was one of the most powerful images of the Lebanese civil war .
Now after 11 years and a long legal battle , Colonel William Higgins ' widow will soon receive $ 55 million in damages from Iran .
If this is one way that we can send the signal that terrorists need to be held accountable for what they do , that 's what this is about .
It 's about justice .
It 's about punishment .
Terry Anderson , who spent nearly seven years as a hostage in Lebanon , will get $ 41 million .
And Joseph Cicippio , who spent coder , the service is free .
Five years there , $ 30 million .
U.S. victims of terrorism have been able to sue foreign governments since 1996 , but under legislation passed this month , many victims will actually get their money .
The money , at least at first , will come from the U.S. treasury .
The government expects to get it back from frozen Iranian assets held in this country .
It sends a message to terrorist states like Iran or Cuba .
You ca n't get away with this .
You 're going to pay a price .
The bill is now on the President 's desk .
He 's expected to sign it .
Jim Sciutto , ABC News , Washington .
In Yemen today , Navy divers cut through the deck of the `` USS Cole '' to remove the last four sailors who died in the attack .
Their bodies will head home tomorrow .
On Capitol Hill today , senators were asking the general who sent the `` USS Cole '' into the port of Aden in Yemen , why he made that decision .
Here 's ABC 's John M Wethy .
The man who opened the door for American warships to use the port of Aden made no apologies today .
The refueling of that ship in Aden was my decision .
I want to be clear .
I pass that buck on to nobody .
The one question all of us keep hearing , Why Yemen ?
The threat conditions in Aden the specific threat conditions , were actually better than we had elsewhere .
General Zinni said all her ports , from the Suez Canal to the Persian Gulf , had their own problems , either credible terrorists threats , unstable governments , or harbors jammed with small boats , plus , the government of Yemen wanted better relations with the U.S. and had begun taking steps to control local terrorist activity , but improved relations , Zinni said , did not blind the U.S. to the risks .
I do n't want anyone to think we ever in any instance , anywhere , ever took a risk for the purpose of a better relationship with a country and put a soldier , sailor , airman or marine at risk for that reason .
Absolutely not .
Some Republican senators wondered why the `` Cole '' and other ships were not routinely taking the far safer approach of refueling at sea ?
I think I 'm hearing you say , `` we do n't have enough tankers to be sure that we could do that . ''
That 's my sense , Senator .
The general had one more troubling message .
Terrorists are getting smarter , using nastier weapons , and as long as they are willing to die in their attacks , it will be virtually impossible to stop them all .
John M Wethy , ABC News , the Pentagon .
We 're going to take `` a closer look '' at the man who will be inaugurated tomorrow .
He won the election .
He has a clear and powerful mandate for change .
He will be the President of Mexico .
Vincente Fox .
This is an enormous event for Mexico which has been ruled for seven decades by the same party .
It 's a very important new chapter for Mexican - American relations , because Mr. Fox is promising revolutionary change .
ABC 's Sam Donaldson has recently been to Mexico to see him .
The 58 - year - old man who becomes President of Mexico tomorrow , strikingly handsome , wily in the ways of modern politics , enormously appealing as a symbol of change , has big plans .
I dream about so many things that we can do , eradicating poverty , eradicating crime , violence , corruption .
I believe in people .
I believe in the fact that people can change themselves .
Mexicans were voting for change on election Day , no doubt about it , but it is also clear Mexicans were voting for a man who has charmed and fascinated them , who has become their political Messiah .
Fox comes from a farming and ranching family .
His grandfather was an Irishman , but as a young man , Fox left the fields to work for the Coca - Cola company in Mexico City .
I started as a route salesman working for the company .
Ten years later , I was the president of the company .
How do you get to be president of a company in ten years when you start at the age of 22 ?
Working hard , working hard , man .
But it will clearly take much more than hard work to make changes that will affect not only Mexico but the United States .
He says he will drive out the drug traffickers .
He promised to reduce poverty , which could mean an open border with the United States since fewer Mexicans would want to cross over for jobs .
He 's even promised to stamp out corruption .
Corruption is the evil of all evils .
When you were campaigning , you called the opposition , the PRI , `` blood suckers , '' `` black adders , '' `` leaches . ''
Do you mean that ?
I am inviting them to govern with them together .
But why should they help you ?
You beat them .
You destroyed their power base .
Well , I 'm sure in their heart they still love Mexico .
Many people here believe Fox is naive .
The danger is probably he can not deliver the promises that he made during the campaign .
Javier Trevino was the campaign manager for the ruling party candidate Fox beat .
If these frustrations occur , what do you think Vincente Fox will do ?
Nobody knows , exactly , because nobody knows Vincente Fox as President .
Many of them say to me , `` Fox is naive .
He 's not going to be able to do it , and he may go off half - cocked . ''
Well , those who have not been able to do things for 71 years are not the best advice I can get .
I know we Mexicans can .
Optimistic and ha charging , Fox takes office tomorrow acting like a man who , indeed , believes he can defy the odds and make his dreams for Mexico come true .
Sam Donaldson , ABC News , on horseback in Mexico .
Also today in Norway , South Korean President Kim Dae jung was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize .
Kim received the award for improving ties between North and South Korea .
The 75 - year - old leader pledged to devote the rest of his life to the reunification of his homeland .
We 'll begin with the `` USS Cole . ''
There has been the first break in the case .
Morton Dean reports in Yemen .
The investigation into the attack which crippled the ship took a positive turn when Yemeni investigators discovered bomb making equipment in a house said to be close to the port where the ship is anchored .
The two men who briefly lived in the house are reportedly missing .
Yemeni authorities say the men , not believed to be Yemenis , are linked to the attack .
Eyewitnesses say the attack was caused by two men on a suicide mission .
U.S. sources confirm key details of the report tonight , but Ambassador Barbara Bodine would only say the investigation is progressing .
Throughout this investigation we 're going to be making significant progress day to day and certainly from yesterday to today , it has been a quantum leap .
How destructive the bomb was became even more painfully apparent today .
Six more bodies have been recovered .
They had been trapped in a tangled mass of steel above and below the water line .
Six sailors are still missing .
The horror and the heroics on the `` USS Cole , '' when the massive bomb ripped through the ship , were relived this evening by one of the crew , Lieutenant Ann Chamberlain .
I just felt a large -- not so much a bang , but , to me , from where I was , it seemed like something had rammed the ship .
Now that investigators have had their first major break , the confidence level here has risen , but U.S. officials still warn a long investigation lies ahead .
Morton Dean , ABC News , Yemen .
We will have live coverage of tomorrow 's memorial service for the sailors who died on the `` USS Cole , '' Eastern time .
In Africa , the capital of the Ivory Coast is being torn apart .
Massive demonstrations drove the military from power and two opposition leaders are fighting to fill the void .
Christian and Muslim mobs are fighting it out in the streets .
At least 60 people have been killed in only two days .
We 're going to take a closer look at one of the ways in which this unresolved election will have a consequence .
The Clinton administration said it did n't think the delay would affect the presidential transition .
Washington remembers how ill - prepared the Clintons were when they first came to the White House .
The whole point is to have an efficient governing apparatus in place and ready to go .
3,000 of the most important jobs are to be filled .
It is time - consuming at the very least .
Here 's ABC 's John Martin .
The government is ready .
There are two floors of offices , 540 work stations , about $ 700,000 worth of rented space .
We will give to the head of transition for the President - elect , this key .
The General Services Administration has the tools , just not the names .
You see a small gold chip on it , and that tells us who you are , and it tells us you 're authorized to go in , and it opens the door .
But there 's not a lot of time .
Some Clinton administration appointees are leaving already .
Stephen Preston , general counsel to the Navy , for example , is going back to his old law firm .
he will have to be replaced along with all the others , but it takes time for the FBI to check newcomers ' backgrounds , time for the Senate to approve the most important 600 , so they can get to work in the top agency positions .
If you do n't have those filled , you basically lose the connection .
You decapitate the federal government .
Every day counts .
Every day right now is equal to a week next year .
Time is especially tight for the Bush team .
Republicans have not held the White House for eight years , so they will be starting from scratch .
Governor Bush will have empty offices everywhere , and the executive can not operate except through staff , and if he has n't had staff cleared on Inauguration Day , he is really crippled .
Al Gore has the luxury of being able to ask some Clinton appointees to stay on , but he still has little time to waste .
The senators are going to go through every nominee with a fine - tooth comb .
Robert Reich was on the 1992 Clinton transition team and wound up in the cabinet .
Even without a close election , it took Bill Clinton six weeks to make his first appointments .
And that can be a problem .
The new President has to get a State of the Union Message ready and prepare his first budget .
All of that has to happen right away .
So , the clock is ticking , except here in the transition office , where it makes no sound .
But everybody knows -- time is of the essence .
John Martin , ABC News , Washington .
The White House said today it is taking steps to make sure the transition proceeds as efficiently as possible .
abcnews.com has details of what it takes to complete a very complex process .
Finally this evening -- the auctioneers .
Here in New York today , the gigantic international auction house Sotheby 's pleaded guilty to price - fixing with Christie 's -- its only real competition in an industry that does $ 4 billion in business every year .
This is a case of the rich and the powerful stifling competition .
Here is ABC 's Aaron Brown .
Sold for $ 200,000 .
Diana Brooks was at home on center stage in the toney world of high - priced art .
As President of Sotheby 's , she often conducted the biggest , the highest profile auctions , like the Kennedy family treasures , herself .
Sold for $ 95,000 .
Today , she took center stage in a far grittier place , pleading guilty to bilking hundreds of wealthy art patrons out of tens of millions of dollars .
Those charged engaged in classic cartel behavior -- price fixing , pure and simple .
The cartel consisted of Sotheby 's and Christie 's .
Arch rivals for nearly three centuries , the two auction houses agreed to fix prices on what they charged the buyers and sellers of high - priced art .
Even arch rivals , it seems , have a common bond .
Sotheby 's and Christie 's are all about money .
They are dealing with art , history and beautiful things , but at the end of the day , people go to Sotheby 's and Christie 's because they believe they can get best price for them .
They have already agreed to pay more than $ 500 million to settle the civil suits spawned by their crimes .
Ms. Brooks , who could go to prison and will certainly be heavily fined has agreed to turn state 's evidence , turning against her boss .
She becomes Sammy `` the bull '' Gravano with better taste , and the art world , well , while being more careful , perhaps , it continues to do business with the same two companies who for years swindled them .
I think the impact has been negligible .
Much to a lot of people 's surprise , business seems to be booming .
Consignments still seem to be as high as they were before the scandal broke .
Which may be the clearest proof yet that the rich are different from the rest of us .
$ 1.3 million .
Aaron Brown , ABC News , New York .
In the Middle East , another setback in the peace process .
Senior Palestinian security officials said today they can do nothing to quell the unrest until Israel lifts its blockade in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
Palestinian and Israeli negotiators are scheduled to meet tomorrow in Egypt with CIA chief George Tenet but top - level officials , who were originally expected to participate in the meeting , will not be there .
President Clinton is off to Asia .
He 'll go first to Brunei for a meeting of Asia - Pacific nations , then to Vietnam Thursday .
Mr. Clinton will be the first U.S. President to visit the country since the Vietnam War ended in 1975 .
-- has in the world , one in the Middle East is all too obvious , and as of is in broadcast tonight , the Clinton administration is not making much progress getting Palestinians and Israelis to lay off each other and talk about it .
The other is North Korea .
Today , after a year working the problem , the Clinton administration and the highest ranking official from there that 's ever been here have had discussions , described to us as direct , and positive and warm .
We 'll get to Korea in a minute .
There is no substantial change for the better in the Middle East tonight .
Israelis and Palestinians still having the series of running battles to confirm each other 's worst , even stereotype view of the other .
ABC 's Gillian Finley begins in Palestinian Gaza .
In Gaza today , Israeli soldiers opened fire on school boys , throwing stones .
A 12 - year - old is in critical condition .
In Ramallah , troops battled older students in what has become a daily event here , but for the first time today , Israel 's military said the level of violence was significantly lower , and Prime Minister Barak held open the possibility that the harsh action he has been threatening may not be needed .
If there is a beginning of change , he said , we will take that into consideration .
I think it helps .
I think we need relative calm to work out these things .
Relative calm may have come to the Palestinian territories , but in Israel itself , tension is growing , particularly at night .
In many cities , angry crowds roam the streets , Jews and Palestinians looking for confrontation .
Last night in Tel Aviv , Jews attacked a restaurant that employs Palestinians .
`` we want war , '' the crowd chanted .
Today , one newspaper headline warned of civil war .
Israelis have so often felt insulated from this kind of violence .
The last 13 days have changed all of that .
Gillian Findlay , ABC News , Jerusalem .
In space another chapter unfolding , the final chapter of what was once a shining symbol of the future , Russia 's failing space station Mir .
Today the oft - troubled craft was gassed up , so to speak , for the last time .
Here 's ABC 's Mike Lee .
It looked like a slow - motion video game .
It was the nose camera on the unmanned Progress shipped inched closer to the abandoned Mir Station , space history was being made .
This long suffering , long deteriorating orbiting lab today received the extra fuel it needs to destroy itself .
The plan is for Mir 's thrusters to be fired up by remote control in late February for re-entry orbit .
Most of the station is expected to vaporize as it comes down , some fragments splashing into the Pacific Ocean .
The Mir was first launched 15 years ago .
It was the cutting edge of research into long - term space stations .
Much was learned about construction , rendezvous and docking , the effect of long - term weightlessness upon plants , microorganisms and humans .
American astronauts even worked there .
As Mir grew old , and with little Russian money to fix or replace it , the station became accident - prone -- damage from the fire , gaping holes from a collision with a supply ship , computers broken due to faulty cables .
Now Mir is being made irrelevant by a new , multi-nation space station under construction .
Today 's final fuel delivery marks the last days of one of modern Russia 's biggest triumphs and biggest embarrassments .
Mike Lee , ABC News , London .
The shock waves rushed across the country .
In Washington , where the Gore campaign had steeled themselves to lose , in Texas , where Bush and his team were convinced Democrats on the Florida Supreme Court were determined to win this one for Mr. Gore .
Mr. Bush 's lawyers are rushing to the Supreme Court of the United States for assistance .
There was no major reaction on Wall Street .
Markets had closed .
Everywhere else in the country , Americans were stopped momentarily in their tracks to think of the mess that may lie ahead .
First question , how can Florida count the votes in 64 counties when it took this much to get a partial count in three ?
Let 's go back to ABC 's Erin Hayes .
Peter , here in the capital they are just about ready to go .
In Tallahassee in a courthouse , , 000 votes from Miami - Dade County .
Those votes there had been preparations just in case .
If we use 25 teams , then that roughly adds up to little less than 500 ballots per team , and we figure we could probably conclude that within an eight - hour time .
But then , for the rest of the state , some counties have n't separated the undervotes from the rest of the ballots .
Where to start ? and what to count ?
There was almost no guidance from the court on how to do it .
In tabulating what constitutes a legal vote , the standard to be used is the one provided by the legislature .
A vote shall be counted where there is a clear indication of the intent of the voter .
Exactly the kind of ambiguity that has kept the legal battle muddy and ongoing for 31 days .
We do n't know what the standards will be .
We do n't know who will count them .
We do n't know whether or not she will be counted in time for them to count in the Electoral College .
The court was deeply divided .
Judge Wells said -- the concern among many is that this decision now leads so many questions .
T. would appear very little time to find the answers .
Thanks .
Once again there 'll be two presidential candidates missing from the debate .
Pat Buchanan hardly registers on the political radar this year .
And Ralph Nader , who may make the difference between a Gore or Bush win in several places .
ABC 's Linda Douglas was with his campaign over the weekend .
Ralph Nader says his campaign is starting to take off .
Do you feel momentum from last night ?
Yeah .
Well , it was pretty big .
7777
At a Nader rally in Madison Square Garden , 15,000 people joined actors Tim Robbins , Susan Sarandon and other stars to hear his message -- that average Americans are powerless .
They have lost control of their government .
They have lost control of their workplace .
Nader condemns corporations , drug companies , pesticide manufacturers , banks , landlords , the media .
His supporters say they do n't care that he has no chance to become President .
I want to see my vote as a statement that I will no longer compromise .
Nader says George Bush and Al Gore are essentially corrupt .
Here 's the difference between Bush and Gore when it comes to corporate power .
It 's velocity with which their knees hit the floor when corporations knock on their doors .
Applause
In a year when most candidates are afraid of appearing negative , Ralph Nader attacks his rivals with gusto .
George W. Bush is really a big corporation running for President disguised as a human being .
But Nader is most critical of Al Gore , often when speaking to Democrats .
He has betrayed , he has lied , he has deceived , he has dissembled .
Democrats fear Nader may make a difference in some key states , like Washington and Wisconsin , luring voters away from Gore and handing the election to Bush .
You know , some of the Democrats are going to blame you if Gore loses .
They ought to blame themselves .
Who do you think is going to win this year ?
I do n't know .
It 's very close .
Do you care ?
No .
He says this year 's campaign is really about the next election , about building a serious third party and qualifying for federal campaign money .
Thanks for running .
Thanks for voting .
Nader is never happier than when he is taking on the system .
Linda Douglass , ABC News , Piscataway , New Jersey .
Now Mr. Gore .
He was campaigning in his home state of Tennessee today .
Tennessee is not giving its favorite son a free ride .
Here is ABC 's Jim Wooten .
Not a bad place to be from , and not a bad place to come back to .
7777
And although he has n't been here in 2 1 / 2 months , the Vice President 's here today --
It 's great to be home in Tennessee .
Back where he 's run and won 14 times in 24 years , but where this week he 's dead even or maybe even trailing Governor Bush , who is n't in trouble at home , and who just happened to be in Tennessee this week , too , asking his favorite sarcastic question -- `` where exactly is home for the Vice President ? ''
He may win Washington , D.C. , but he is n't going to carry Tennessee !
That has considerable resonance here .
I think he 's been in Washington too long .
I do n't think people consider him a Tennessean anymore .
Gerald Wiser voted for Bush yesterday .
This is one of a few states with early voting .
You have nine people running for President .
And so did the Wrights , Michael and Carolyn , Independents , but not undecided .
The biggest negative for Gore is his association with Mr. Clinton .
The baggage ?
It 's not an example of a prophet without honor in his own land or even here in his own hometown .
It 's just that Tennessee is a genuine two - party state and has been for a long , long time , and although Gore has never lost an election here , he 's never had a landslide either , and this time , little by little , his once - comfortable ad has been whittled down .
His state campaign director insists , `` we expected that . ''
You 've got a Republican governor , two Republican senators , the majority of the membership of Congress are Republicans .
They 'd like nothing better than for them to embarrass him in his own home state .
So , Tennessee 's most illustrious modern political family is having to work mighty hard at home now and spend at least $ 1 million on local TV ads something they did n't plan on .
Can you come out and work hard for him one more time ?
The importance of Tennessee to my family goes way beyond its 11 electoral votes .
Sure , it 's a matter of pride , but in a race this narrow , 11 electoral votes ai n't hay .
Jim Wooten , ABC News , Nashville .
The explosion in Yemen did not help an already tense situation in the Middle East , but there is the very slightest hope tonight , because there 's word of a possible Israeli / Palestinian summit in Egypt in the next several days .
In news overseas , at a United Nations environmental summit in Johannesburg , South Africa , representatives from 122 nations signed an agreement banning the use of 12 highly toxic chemicals .
Among them , dioxins and other chemicals , which are known as `` the Dirty Dozen . ''
They have been linked to cancer , birth defects , and other genetic abnormalities .
Good evening , the United States is bringing most of its investigators home from Yemen .
Things have not gone quite as the U.S. had hoped .
Nearly 200 American agents went to Yemen right after the attack on the `` Cole . ''
A very high profile investigation in a very tense part of the world .
The Yemenis are worried about the threat to their national sovereignty .
We got our closest look at the damage to the `` Cole '' today , but even as we did , and even as the Secretary of State thanked the Yemenis for their early cooporation , investigators in the field think they have hit a brick wall .
ABC 's John Miller reports tonight from the port city of Aden .
The FBI agents moved out in a caravan of trucks and buses , with all their gear in tow .
They are leaving frustrated .
The majority are going home , some will stay on the Tarawa , a Navy ship offshore .
Sources tell ABC News the agents are moving out because of security concerns , but mostly because the Yemeni government is not allowing the FBI to do what it came here to do .
While there has been a great deal of talk about the high level of cooperation between the Yemeni investigators and their American counterparts , in this investigation , there is a growing level of frustration on the part of U.S. officials , because even now , two weeks into the case , no U.S. agent has been given independent access to interview any of the witnesses or suspects .
The FBI was allowed to visit suspected safe houses and collect evidence and fingerprints , but only after Yemeni investigators had been through the houses first .
Yesterday , the American ambassador and a senior FBI official met with President Ally Saleh to complain that Yemeni investigators were not sharing leads or information .
Some U.S. officials believe the Yemeni are concerned about sharing information that could be embarrassing to a country that has been called a haven for terrorists , but U.S. officials say without access to the witnesses here , the future of any American prosecution for the murder of 17 sailors is in doubt .
John Miller , ABC News , Aden .
President Clinton is on his way to Egypt to attend tomorrow 's emergency summit .
Tensions in the Middle East remain very high after two weeks of violence and the immediate goal tomorrow is to stop the killing .
President Clinton played a supporting role today in New York City , where the first lady , Senator Clinton , was honored at Madison Square Garden .
It was the first time since the election that the President and Vice President Al Gore appeared on the same stage .
Two other elections of interest to many Americans -- in Israel , Ehud Barak facing a vote of no confidence has called national elections for May , which means another deadline for him to make an agreement with the Palestinians .
But first to the serious business --
George W. Bush 's nominees for his cabinet are still getting a going - over in Congress and President Clinton is causing a mild stir here by his reluctance to slide out of the spotlight .
Mr. Clinton asked for seven minutes on television tonight to say good-bye and he will get it , from us .
Here first , down at the White House is ABC 's Jock Cochran .
He will point out challenges facing Mr. Bush tonight , implied and that is some disapproval for Mr. Bush 's tax cut proposals .
He will also say America must stay engaged with the world , and the President will talk about the importance of building one America , including racial reconciliation .
Mr. Clinton hopes history will look kindly on tonight 's speech , but history ignores most presidential farewells .
Exceptions include the first one , from George Washington , and war hero Dwight Eisenhower 's surprising warning about the influence of the Pentagon .
Richard Nixon made the history books , but only because he said -- I shall resign the presidency effective at noon tomorrow .
Even the Great Communicator , Ronald Reagan , got only middling marks for his farewell .
America is respected again in the world and looked to for leadership .
George Bush the Elder left by saying nothing -- no farewell address .
`` It would just be an ego trip , '' he told friends .
Would n't be prudent , but Bill Clinton could not pass up his last chance to use the bully pulpit .
This is someone who wants to create a place for himself in the politics of the future , even if it 's simply campaigning at the side of his wife .
Therefore , what Bill Clinton says tonight is said in large part with an eye to his own political future , but for Bill Clinton , tonight 's speech is a real change , for , as you noted , Peter , this one will be short -- very short , only about seven minutes .
Short for Bill Clinton , certainly .
Thanks , John Cochran .
Good evening .
George W. Bush has chosen the person he wants to be Attorney General .
He is the 58 - year - old , soon to be former Senator John Ashcroft of Missouri .
Senator Ashcroft lost his bid for re-election this year .
The senator is a former law professor and former Attorney General of Missouri and Governor , from the conservative wing of the Republican Party , and some of the positions he 's taken as a politician have galvanized liberal opposition to his nomination today .
ABC 's Mike Von Fremd is with us this evening from Austin , Texas .
Mike ?
Reporter :
Peter , Senator John Ashcroft is clearly the President - elect 's most controversial nominee to date .
Many of his positions are bound to upset Democrats .
He said Ashcroft would serve everyone .
He will be faithful to the law , pursuing justice without favor .
Reporter :
The American Conservative Union gives him a top approval rating .
He has voted against some tobacco regulations , against expanding hate crime legislation and against allowing abortions at military hospitals .
A record that troubles most Democratic constituencies .
For a President - elect who is committed to uniting the country and not dividing it , this nomination is one of the most divisive he could have chosen .
We are tremendously concerned that this is a harbinger of things to come .
Reporter :
Mr. Ashcroft has also angered civil rights groups .
He blocked the nomination of Missouri Supreme Court Judge Ronnie White to the federal bench .
Judge White was the first black member of Missouri 's Supreme .
Ashcroft said the judge was soft on criminals .
He had his reasons for blocking a single nomination , and I thought about that , and I looked at the facts , and I listened to him , and there 's no question in my mind that this is a person who believes in civil rights for all citizens .
Reporter :
If he is confirmed , the outgoing senator said he would be an effective Attorney General .
I will enforce the laws of the United States of America with integrity .
Reporter :
Ashcroft said his recent loss in the U.S. Senate race has given him time to reflect .
Political defeat brings more than emotion and pain .
It brings perspective , and today , for Janet and me , it brings a renewed and noble call to public service .
Reporter :
Now this is the first nomination to have been even mildly controversial , but it does go a long way to satisfy the conservative wing of Mr. Bush 's party .
And Peter , he 'll need them when he begins to govern .
Thank you very much , Mike Von Fremd in Texas tonight .
Good evening .
After an exhausting presidential campaign and 36 long days spent fights over the outcome for President - elect Bush , the real work is just beginning .
The time for the transition to the new administration is dramatically reduced .
The stock market again signaled worries that recession may be looming and a sharply divided Congress is poised for grid lock .
Bush plans a conciliatory meeting with Vice President Gore next week and he enters the fray with good wishes from Republicans and Democrats alike .
From the wounds of a bitterly fought presidential contest in history , the President - elect has his work cut out for him .
We will look at challenges Mr. Bush is facing .
We begin where he began this journey , in Austin , Texas and NBC News correspondent Campbell Brown .
Bush spent most of the day on the telephone and in meetings , moving ahead at lightning speed putting together his administration .
Surrounded by friends , family , and top advisors , President - elect Bush and wife Laura attend a private prayer service .
He wanted to begin with a message of healing .
At the governor 's mansion Bush 's new presidential limosine arrives .
The President - elect writes thank - you notes and fields phone calls from leaders among them Tony Blair .
President wants America and Europe to stand side by side in the world .
I know he Britain and a friend of Europe .
Bush also reaches out to Senate and House leaders on Capitol Hill and receives a call from the Reverend Jesse Jackson who talks about healing the nation and election reform .
Bush spoke to Clinton and accepted an invitation to meet with Clinton in Washington and told the President he looks forward to working with the senator , Mrs. Clinton .
All of us have a responsibility to support President - elect Bush and unite the country in a search for common ground .
Bush 's trip to Washington as President - elect early next week .
He plans to meet with lawmakers from both parties , potential cabinet members and on Tuesday face - to - face with Vice President Gore .
Bush has been invited to the Vice President 's residence for that meeting .
Forrest , he has another interesting meeting tomorrow , he will sit down with John Breaux .
A Democrat , he has praised him on his work on Medicare reform .
He wanted to reach out to Democrats .
Tomorrow 's meeting could signal a possible job offer for Breaux .
We realize that many of the people joining us here tonight for this broadcast are doing so to try to get more information .
These are uncertain times .
The nation has yet to elect a President - elect .
It 's something Mike Barnicle said earlier on our air today that caught our eyes and ears and we 'd like Mike to come back here live .
You were talking about this country , how it felt to be an American today .
Yeah , Brian .
There is a sense of I think increasing despondency in the country as we continue on this .
Tuesday night was the longest night and it 's turning into perhaps the longest month .
People are depressed enough about politics .
There 's probably reason why these two candidates split this vote so evenly down the middle .
Neither one managed to ignite the hopes and dreams of Americans .
In `` U.S.A. Today '' there is a map 'am of the vote on Tuesday , the red for Bush , blue for Gore .
County by county assessment of how the vote went on Tuesday and it 's sort of looking at the nation in terms of Wal - mart versus Martha Stewart .
People who believe in school player , gay marriage , people who drive Ford Explorers and who drive Volvo station wagons .
There are these splits in the country ands with as we increasingly head toward litigation in terms of who the next President of of the United States is going to be , more and more people are becoming more depressed about the process .
It gives them a sense of what they have felt for too long now , that politics is just name - callers , increased partisanship , special prosecutors , reliance on lawyers and things that do n't affect the ordinary person , that all that has now mushroomed into something called the Presidency of the United States and how we elect a President .
The fact that as we continue on this road and continue to talk about what 's going to happen in Florida , the judges have really already spoken on this , the ultimate judges , the people .
Their decision is now being reviewed .
Accurately , I think , and what more people seem to be saying to me is that they want an accurate recount .
They want a legitimate recount , an announcement of it , they want a winner declared and they want a transition to begin .
NBC they on Tuesday .
They want a winner .
Mike Barnicle , `` New York Daily News . ''
Thank you for coming on tonight and repeating that for us .
For a late update , live from the campaign trail we 're joined by NBC News correspondent Campbell Brown Ho who 's traveling with the Bush effort , and NBC News correspondent Chip Reid traveling with the Gore campaign in Kansas City Missouri .
Good evening to you .
Good evening , Brian .
Well , Bush ended the day with a big rally here .
We 're just outside of Tampa .
And I 'll tell you , these evening rallies really have the feel of a rock concert , or maybe a pro wrestling match .
You have strobe lights , you have screaming crowds , all designed to make Bush look like a winner .
But he is not a winner yet in Florida .
There is one new poll out that actually puts Gore ahead here .
There are still several polls that say Bush is still ahead in Florida .
Bottom line , as we heard David Gregory report , this is not the position the campaign wanted to be in at this stage of the game .
Bush 's central message on this bus trip across central Florida today was to his diehard supporters telling them go out , tell your friends still on the fence why they need to vote for me , and it 's a message the campaign hopes it was able to convey today , because while Florida is a must - win , they also can not ignore the other battleground states .
Brian tomorrow morning , Bush flies to Pennsylvania , another swing state with 2023 electoral votes , just two less than Florida .
Pennsylvania traditionally , a Democratic state , but one where there 's a popular Republican governor , Tom Ridge , and there 's a lot of pressure on Ridge right now to deliver Pennsylvania .
He 'll end up tomorrow night in Ohio , and then end the week in another two crucial states , Wisconsin and Michigan .
Thank you for that .
Hold that thought , Dafpblet here 's the Secretary of State in Florida .
Good evening .
On Tuesday evening , I requested those counties contemplating manual vote recounts to submit a written statement to me of the and circumstances justifying any belief on their part that they should be allowed to amend their certified returns previously filed by them in accordance of law .
All three counties -- Palm Beach , Miami - Dade and Broward , responded by the 2:00 p.m. deadline today and I thank them .
Copies of the responses have already been distributed .
Additionally , Colier County asked about the possibility of an amendment to their return , unrelated to the manual recount issue .
A copy of that letter has also been distributed .
For the past week , I 've devoted a substantial amount of my time to issues surrounding the manual vote recount .
After Judge Lewis ' decision yesterday morning , my staff and I , along with counsel , developed criteria appropriate to the exercise of my discretion under Florida law .
This criteria is clearly set forth in Florida case law .
For the past six hours , I 've applied these criteria in deliberating upon the specific requests of the counties , contemplating manual vote recounts .
As a result of these deliberations , I 've decided it is my duty under Florida law to exercise my discretion in denying these requested amendments .
The reasons given in their requests are insufficient to warrant waiver of the unambiguous filing deadline imposed by the Florida Legislature .
I have communicated this decision with these counties in letters detailing the criteria I used in making my judgments , and the application of these criteria to the stated circumstances , and copies of these letters are also available .
Because it is my determination that no amendments to the official returns , now on file at the Department of State , are warranted , the State Elections Canvasing Commission , acting in its normal and usual manner has certified the results of Tuesday 's election in Florida , including the presidential election .
Copies of that portion of the certification relating to the presidential election and the signature pages of the certification are also available .
As I previously indicated , I expect that after the receipt , tabulation , and certification of the overseas ballots by the counties , the State Elections Canvasing Commission will finally certify the presidential election in Florida on Saturday .
The schedule , of course , is subject to judicial intervention .
In that context , I once again will be unable personally to answer questions .
However , I have with me our general counsel , Debbie Kerny and two of our outside counsel , Joe Clock and Deborah Blanton and asked them to remain behind and answer appropriate questions from you .
One final comment .
I want to reassure the public that my decision in this process has been made carefully , consistently , independently , and I believe correctly .
I 'm very grateful for your patience and your understanding .
Thank you , and God bless .
Mr. Clock ?
Thank you .
And in Yugoslavia tonight , the most serious challenge to Slobodan Milosevic 's 13 - year rule .
He 's still refusing to concede defeat in last week 's election , so tens of thousands of striking workers are trying to drive him from power play .
Protesters blocked roads across Yugoslavia and so many coal miners walked off the job , the government - run electric company may start to to turn off power .
Milosevic said he received enough votes on Sunday with the opposition candidate .
Milosevic 's candidate says there will be no runoff election .
Finally tonight , humor as perspective , and for that , we depend on the staff and crew of `` Saturday Night Live '' who this weekend took on the deadlocked election .
Here now a sampling .
Good evening , America .
I 'm Vice President Al Gore .
And I 'm the Governor of Texas , George W. Bush .
As you know , this election has been the closest in history , and the results is still in dispute .
That 's right .
It 's in dispute because some people do n't know when they got beat .
Like in Florida , I got 2,910,198 votes , and he got a measley 2,909,827 .
Eat it , Gore .
It 's also in dispute because some people in this race can not accept losing a popularity contest .
Ay if you 'll check the national popular vote , you 'll see that I Al Gore have been proven to be ipso facto , the most popular man in America .
Heck , I 'm this close to having teenage girls throw their panties at me .
But listen .
We may have our differences , but I do n't want to be dividers .
We want to be unificators .
Unificators .
So a solution has been found that 's both fair and consistent with the will of the American people .
We 're both going to be President .
Heck , you all did n't know who you wanted anyway .
It 's true .
It 's going to be great .
Hey , C.J. , roll that tape .
On November 7 , George W. Bush and Al Gore ran for President , but there was no clear winner , so they decided to govern together .
Could they share the White House without driving each other crazy ?
Man , that was cool .
`` Saturday Night Live '' continuing to set the agenda for campaign coverage .
There are new terrorisms concerns to report in the Persian Gulf tonight .
Those in the region are in the highest state of alert after U.S. intelligence has picked up , serious , incredible threats there .
All of this comes as the USS Cole is being carried home , a destroyer carried home on the deck of a larger ship after a hole was blown in its side .
Our report on all of this tonight from NBC News Pentagon correspondent Jim Miklaszewski .
20 miles out to sea , the crippled Cole is loaded on to the heavy lift ship , Blue Marlin .
In this video , the Marlin submerges .
Tugs push the Cole into position over the deck and the Marlin rises to lift the 8,000 - ton warship out of the water .
The Cole will take the long way home , around the southern tip of Africa , avoiding the Suez Canal because of ongoing terrorist threats .
The entire trip will take 35 days .
Yemen authorities are still not fully cooperating with the FBI and U.S. investigators still do n't have any firm evidence to directly link any suspects to the attack on the Cole .
Jim Miklaszewski , NBC News , the Pentagon .
Good evening .
The front page of tomorrow morning 's Wall Street Post .
We 'll report that for the first time since before the Democratic convention , George W. Bush has grabbed the lead in the race for President .
Here 's what they 're basing it on , the newest `` Washington Post '' / ABC News poll showing a 50 % , 46 % race .
Much closer , however nrk our own tracking poll , a statistical dead heat at 43 % , 42 % .
But the trend line is clear .
Over the past several days , Gore 's loss is quite literally Bush 's gain .
So the stakes could tpwhot higher .
Tomorrow night , Winston Salem , North Carolina , seated at a table with Jim Lehrer , both candidates will face off for 90 minutes with Americans listening for closely at home so .
We begin tonight with a new leader in some of these polls , Texas governor George W. Bush .
NBC News correspondent David Gregory is traveling with him .
Bush in Tennessee today where the race on the home turf is surprisingly tight , announcing the endorsement of prominent Democrats including Griffen Bell , and taunting Gore who earlier this year was accused by a tenant of failing to properly maintain rental property he owns in the state .
Tennessee is a fine place to live , I guess it depends , though , on who your landlord is .
Both sides have gone negative , but advisors say Bush will avoid getting personally involved for fear of a backlash , leaving his top aides to attack Gore by calling him a serial exaggerator .
A bigger worry to some advisors is it 's Bush himself giving Gore room to attack his readiness to be President .
Over the weekend in Florida , Bush offers a tangled description of his tax plan and has to turn to his brother to ask if the numbers add up .
I was trying to do some fuzzy math .
Late last week , a labored attempt to give an undecided voter a reason to support him .
I 'm groping for the right answer , as you can tell .
I 'm weaving around .
You tell your friend that I think I 've got the capacity to reach across the partisan line .
Advisors maintain such gaffes are hardly decisive that the election will turn on a general comfort level that undecided voters have with both candidates , terrain where they believe Bush still has an advantage .
David Gregory , NBC News , with the Bush campaign in Greensboro , North Carolina .
We have an update tonight on this , the volcano in Mexico , they call El Popo .
Just 24 hours after its first erruption in more than 1,000 years , the worst appears to be over , but there is still the possibility of great danger to the tens of thousands of people who live nearby .
Our report on this tonight from Kevin Tibbles .
As the sun rises over Mt. Popo tonight , the only hint of the fire storm inside , whiffs of smoke , but just a few hours earlier , the volcano exploding spewing rock and red - hot lava .
The fourth largest mountain in North American , nearly 18,000 feet high , erupting this week with its most violent outburst in 1200 years .
They say it is an especially dangerous volcano because of its steep slopes .
It could potentially wipe out everything in its path .
40,000 people live in the path .
Here at the National Natural Disaster Prevention Center , they are working around the clock .
It is here they take the volcano 's pulse , calling it unstable , saying Popo is simply recharging , getting ready to erupt again .
It 's acquiring more pressure , and eventually this pressure will be released in the future days .
The danger ?
The heat from Popo 's lava flow is melting the glaciers on the sides of the mountain and could trigger mud slides .
It 's like concrete coming down instead of water .
So , they will destroy anything that tries to stop them .
The Mexican government is taking no chances .
It sent out 1,000 troops to force an evacuation inside an eight - mile radius .
Tonight , 20,000 people in shelters , but another 20,000 refuse to leave , worried about their corn harvests or who would feed their animals .
If a major danger was to come , says this man , then we 've got to run .
There 's no other choice .
Scientists say Popo has a huge crater about half a mile across , about 300 feet deep and a lava dome is building up like an upside - down grapefruit .
In contrast , Mt. Saint Helen had a dome , almost as if it was pregnant .
Randy White , who has done on - site studies of this mountain , monitors the rhythms .
It is blowing in its own way .
It could get bigger .
We do n't know how to predict it exactly .
For centuries here , the people have had almost a mystical relationship with Popo , believing the volcano is a god , showering their crops with rain .
Tonight , they fear it will turn vengeful , bringing destruction after 1200 years of peace .
We are joined by the Reverend Jesse Jackson .
Reverend Jackson , we heard a report earlier this evening that the Vice President had dispatched you , or at least invited you to help in the Get Out the Vote effort tonight .
Is that true ?
Well , not just tonight .
Over the last few months gone about 50 stops around the country .
We did massive voter registration , then Get Out the Vote efforts .
I think we were along with the NAACP and others , worked on the Get your Souls to the Polls on the one hand and on the other hand Stay out of the Bushes and it worked .
Do you know anything we do n't know , because so far we have a tight race here ?
A tight race but fact of the matter is that Jeb Bush 's anti-affirmative action action in Florida solidified women and people of color and basically we won Florida , thanks to Jeb Bush .
Our vote in Michigan , we have done about 10 days of solid work across Michigan .
Workers fighting for right to organize and women fighting for -- and blacks together .
I think when Bush made it clear that he wants a strict constructionist court led by Scalia , attacked affirmative action , attack of women 's rights , point this strong ideological line is shown in these vote totals tonight so far .
Reverend Jackson , it 's going to be said , however late we 're at this tonight , and whoever wins it , that it 's going to be so thin , so narrow , that it will be a victory without mandate .
Well , I think what it means is that we must then deal with some consensus issues .
For example , should there not be a consensus that Social Security should be kept secure and not risked in the marketplace ?
Should we not make a commitment to educate all of our children , not just vouchers for a few of them ?
Maybe something as basic as comprehensive health insurance .
42 million Americans have no health insurance .
many Americans die every day from cancer .
Amounts to a vast majority of the American people .
Reverend Jackson in Florida tonight the thanks very much as always for coming on with us .
S did indeed buy herself a Yankees cap and a $ 200 million house and the next senator from New York will be Hillary Clinton .
Kelly standing by in New York where it will be a joyous affair .
As you announced that Hillary Clinton is calling Hillary Rodham Clinton as the next senator of New York , the crowd behind me burst into cheers , the band started playing , and the party here has begun .
To tell you some of the story behind the numbers that will send Hillary Rodham Clinton to the Senate , let me tell you what some of our exit polling data seems to suggest .
As far as a gender gap , voters who said they voted for Mrs. Clinton , 58 % of them women , 47 % men .
Now on the big issue the people thought would be the heart of this race , the notion that Mrs. Clinton was accused of being a carpet bagger , a woman born in Illinois , made much of her professional life in Arkansas and of course has been living in Washington until last year , voters said 52 % of them , that that issue did not matter to them at all .
Also an important constituency for Mrs. Clinton , the Jewish vote .
It appears she has earned 58 % of the Jewish vote .
This has been a tough race , too , where Rick Lazio , the congressman of eight years from Long Island was accused of being much more tough as a campaigner --
A lot of mud was slung on both sides of this race , but when voters were questioned about that , they said -- 68 % that Mr. Lazio attacked unfairly , and 57 % said Mrs. Clinton did .
So that 's some of the picture that makes up the results tonight that sent Hillary Rodham Clinton to Washington .
Brian ?
All right , Kelly O'Donnell , thank you very much .
And about just how this vote went the way it did tonight in New York , Forrest Sawyer standing by with a look behind the numbers , really .
Forrest ?
A few more of those numbers Kelly was talking about for you to look at , Brian .
As she mentioned , men and women did split their vote .
Let 's look at Jewish voters .
New Yorkers know that this was a huge battle over support for Israel and whether the support for Palestine was strong enough .
As you look at this , though , Jewish voters went by a big margin for Hillary Clinton .
58 % to Rick Lazio 's 41 % .
New Yorkers remember the campaign debate where Rick Lazio walked over to Hillary Clinton and said you 're going to sign this pledge about campaign moneys , you 're going to sign it .
That .
Was she attacked unfairly , 68 % did say yes .
57 % went for Clinton , and as for Lazio 's voters , a lot of people said this was a campaign about Hillary Clinton .
Rick Lazio is this other guy .
In fact they asked of his voters , how many voted against Hillary Clinton --
50 % said we 're voting against her , we 're not voting for Rick Lazio , we 're voting against Senate Hillary , and that shows you that , in fact , as Chris pointed out , she really is a tremendous lightning rod .
This campaign was about Hillary Clinton , do you like her or do you not .
Scombrort of Hillary Clinton voters were voting for Hillary Clinton , not against Rick Lazio , and on the which one attacked the other more unfairly , the voters said that Lazio attacked Hillary Clinton more unfairly , and that possibly played into the gap in the Jewish vote , which is heavily in favor of Hillary Clinton .
In addition to the scene that you mentioned , the debate , where Lazio invaded her space , as they say , he hit very hard in the last two weeks on issues involved in the Middle East .
The Republican campaign , not directly through Lazio , but others was actually associating in certain ways Mrs. Clinton 's sympathies with the Arab sides in the Middle East with the attack on the battle ship Cole .
It got out of hand and so this vote could well be as much a rejection of the Lazio campaign as it is also a very positive setting about Hillary 's numbers , and you remember after Rick Lazio had pressed her right in front of the debate crowd , they said What do you think of this and women said It reminds me of my husband or in some cases my ex-husband and I do n't like it and we see that women and particularly working women went by a large measure for Hillary Clinton , and Lawrence , there is this as well .
Opinions about her husband appear to have been important in voters ' decisions .
2 / 3 approve of the job that Bill Clinton is doing as President .
Hillary won that group 76 to 23 .
Among those who disapprove of her husband , Lazio won 91 , and it 's certainly a different kind of race from the Moynihan races we 've grown accustomed to where the question was would he get 68 % of the vote or 69 % of the vote .
Like Hillary Clinton has come out on top by a very wide margin .
Thank you .
It either says a lot about the '' getting elected in this country or both , but Jay Leno has become a campaign stop in this country .
Our report on the new trend from David Gregory .
It 's eight days before the election , and guess where George W. Bush is ?
Hi .
How many in your party ?
We like our champagne on ice , please .
Sorry I did n't name you Vice President .
Something about the background check .
I think I would have a little bit of trouble .
In a dead heat with Al Gore , tonight Bush puts issues aside instead playing for laughs with the late night comedy .
3 , 2 --
Hey , hi , Governor Bush .
Jay , you ca n't light that in here .
The stuff in the closet is highly flamabable .
I think the word you 're looking for is flammable .
Flamabable .
Flammable .
Jay , look at that sign .
The campaign has hit the late show .
Both Bush and Al Gore realize there 's votes to be had joking after dark .
If you 're elected President , how do you prepare yourself for the next four years of Jay 's monologue .
Sorry staff working on the Jay chip .
Really ?
In this case Jay stands for you .
Any political offensive humor is automatically --
Oh , just wiped out .
And you 're not kidding .
I can see that grin .
Why do you think it 's so important to do these shows ?
I think it shows a different side -- at least it does for me .
It gives people a chance to show I know how to laugh .
Not only laugh with people , I can laugh at myself , which sometimes I need to do during the course of the campaign .
It 's an important way to communicate in a slightly different manner to people that are really tuned in every night .
The odd thing about him is , in the dressing room , could n't be looser or funnier .
You 're under a lot of pressure .
It 's a tying race .
Here you 're doing schtick on Jay Leno .
I know it .
Actually , I 'm enjoying it .
I like the man .
I think he 's a unique person .
I think it 's important to have people who help Americans laugh , I think a Leno show is suitable to my personality .
You can take it .
You have a sense of humor .
People say Oh , not a bad sport .
Because ultimately , we 're not a country that values intellectuals .
We like personalities , and if have a good personality , that seems good enough .
That 's scary .
This is more scary .
We 'll be right back .
Here 's a hard - hitting question from Karen .
Do you keep your figure during the campaign ?
Thank you , Karen .
I run actually .
You do run .
What do you do a mile in ?
About 7 1 / 2 minute miles .
Have you challenged Al Gore to a foot race ?
I would be willing to put it all on a foot race .
Really ?
Oh .
Can you come back tomorrow ?
Wow .
When it comes to late night TV , the candidates may be eager to show humor over substance .
If you win , what 's the first meal you will order as President .
What is the first meal ?
Well , if it 's as close as they are saying it is , breakfast , but if the returns come in early election night , probably a Happy Meal from McDonald 's .
Yeah ?
But critics question whether voters get cheated because the politicians would rather face comics than tough questions .
The two candidates , the voters are getting screwed !
They 're getting cheated ?
They got screwed six months ago .
What are you talking about ?
Folks getting cheated .
They 've already been cheated .
They do n't even know it yet .
What do you worry more , losing the election or having a joke fall flat ?
I do n't know I 'll let you know after the show .
I 'm not asking you to vote as a citizen but as Jay Leno , who are you dying to have in the White House ?
I would like to get an amendment and get Clinton back .
Fat girls under the desk .
We do n't see that again in our lifetime .
In our lifetime .
It 's all downhill from here .
It 's like `` Happy Days '' after the Fonz left .
It 's Potsy and rat of mouth .
That 's the problem .
We 're losing the Fonz .
Most Americans do n't yet have a really good picture of Laura Bush .
To discuss the new first lady , we are rejoined by our panel .
David , why do n't you take a whack at this .
Have you ever met her ?
No , I have n't .
I think it is clear , though , from watching her throughout the past year and a half she is more of the traditional mold of predecessors of Hillary Clinton than like Hillary Clinton .
She is not going to try to break the mold like Mrs. Clinton did by taking an active role in policy making .
A lot of Americans were uncomfortable with that and I think ended up being a mistake .
Joyce , it looks like you want to say something .
I quibble with the idea she is of another generation .
Not every wife necessarily wants to be in politics just because her husband is in politics .
That does n't make her a throwback .
, I believe it is probably true , and Hillary also learned in time that it is n't a good idea for the first lady to become too identified with specific policy initiates , at least publicly .
I think she herself pulled back on that .
Well , Deborah , let's us pay proper respect .
She is a teacher and cares about something tremendously important to this country , literacy .
Exactly .
She has worked hard on this issue .
She will tackle the issue the same way Barbara Bush did , encouraging reading .
I 'm sure she will have programs and initiatives .
Hillary Clinton did a lot of things too .
She is out with another book , Entertaining at the White House and Redecorating the White House .
Doing what we think of as more traditional first lady things can be very , very effective .
Deborah , you remember that Mrs. Clinton chafed at the idea of being in the traditional role .
She was not at all happy about it .
In the first campaign she talked about having to bake cookies .
She was n't pleased with that .
That is right .
Joyce makes a good point , too .
After health care reform failed , he changed her steages a bit .
She pulled back .
She began doing more traditional things in public , whereas in private she did still work on the causes she cared about , she advocated and lobbied in a quiet , behind the scenes way .
She did n't make a big deal out of being a co-president anymore .
That is exactly my point , Joe .
Mrs. Clinton wants to deal with policy .
She loves that and is steeped in it .
Clearly Mrs. Bush does n't want to go down that road .
It depends .
Literacy is a big problem in this country .
Nothing that Barbara Bush did or said , with due respect , addressed it in an important way .
It was more of a show .
What needs to be done about literacy is to spend a lot of money , which President - elect Bush proposed .
That was a large spending program , a $ 5 billion literacy program .
Laura Bush could be a big help with that , not like Hillary Clinton with health care , but a symbol with teachers , librarians , people who care about reading and believe every American should be able to read and put clout behind it .
In that way she could be a great asset .
It is a policy that is very hard to disagree with .
She could be the symbol of really doing something .
Let us hope so .
Thank you for talking to us .
If you ask the Gore campaign , the fight is far from over .
Their position was to stand and fight today .
Our report tonight from Claire Shipman .
A confident and seemingly relaxed Al Gore out for a run in Nashville .
Mr. Vice President , did you win the election , sir ?
We 're having here .
He is effectively starting a second campaign for the White House , this one in the court of public opinion .
His campaign chairman in Florida with a tough message .
What we have learned has left us deeply troubled .
Calling for a hand recount in some Florida counties and announcing , campaign will support lawsuits over the issue of ballot irregularities in Palm Beach .
If the will of the people is to prevail , Al Gore should be our next President the .
Former Secretary of State Warren Christopher also pushes the issue hard .
Arising out of this the need for redress to make sure the will of the people can be properly honored in this situation .
And Daley , turning up the rhetoric substantially , criticizes the behavior of the Bush campaign .
I believe actions , to try and put in place a transition , run the risk of dividing the American people and creating a sense of confusion .
Gore officials , meanwhile , under siege by reporters in Nashville .
I think we need our seat belts on .
They say Gore is not simply trying to drag out the inevitable , that he does have a shot at winning with a careful shot of legal and public relations tactics .
New information to report tonight involving the attack on the USS Cole .
Were warned not once , but several times about a possible terrorist attack in Yemen .
With the latest tonight on the investigation , here 's NBC News Pentagon correspondent Jim Miklaszewski .
With the damaged Cole as a grim backdrop to the ongoing investigation , Yemen authorities detained a carpenter who they say actually helped the terrorist load the bomb on the suicide boat at this safe house .
The Yemen President also claims the attackers were members of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad with close ties to Osama Bin Laden .
While in Washington today , a potential bombshell .
During a congressional hearing 's revealed the National Security Agency , a super secret intelligence service issued a warning about a potential terrorist attack .
They talked about one individual and one group which we know the name of that was deliberately going to take action against the U.S. and or Israel in Yemen , and a top Pentagon official testifies the warning was actually , , issued only hours before the Cole was bombed .
That report , as I understand it , was , in fact , disseminated some 12 hours before the explosion .
A second , even more specific warning was also issued a few hours after the attack .
Pentagon officials still insist the flfings was too vague to prevent the Cole bombing but there were apparently earlier warnings as well .
In a separate hearing today , it was revealed a Middle East analyst with the Defense Intelligence Agency also warned of impending attacks then resigned in frustration the day after the Cole bombing .
He also warns that two or three more attacks could come in the next few weeks .
The Pentagon tonight says the analyst reports could not have pinpointed the Cole attack , but there 's a growing consensus on Capitol Hill that officials here should have seen this disaster coming .
Jim Miklaszewski , NBC News , the Pentagon .
That same storm system derailed a fundraisings trip from Bill Clinton , and for a brief time it made it impossible for the head of the free world to watch his Vice President debate on public television .
It was in all not a good day for Bill Clinton yesterday .
Air Force One was stranded grounded by the heavy rains .
At the hotel , the storm knocked out the cable TV .
The President tried the TV in the bar .
No luck .
The President 's aides arranged for him to watch it in a big screen TV in the denial of a big campaign donor .
He missed 45 minutes .
Tonight his bullet and bomb proof limousine broke down .
Repair attempts were unsuccessful .
He was switched to a backup car .
The day got worse when he urged all Americans to vote on November 2 .
The election is on November 7 .
Late pictures into us during the commercial break .
A volcano in Mexico that 's just started spewing molten rock , known to the locals as Po - po .
If you 've landed in Mexico City , you 've seen it .
About 40 miles outside town .
When it started showering ash a few days ago , authorities there started urging tens of thousands of people nearby to leave .
A lot of people however still refusing .
The volcano is almost 18,000 feet high .
Molten rock is spewing , is reportedly setting trees afire , in the area .
And good evening to you .
There is still no clear winner in the election that was now two nights ago .
A recount under way in Florida , and it may not end there .
Here is the status of the recount as of this hour .
The two candidates separated by only 225 votes , with 65 out of 67 counties reporting .
It has narrowed dramatically all day long .
Today the Gore campaign seemed to say the case belongs in Florida state courts .
The Bush campaign chided right back that the other side wants to keep voting until they like the and increasingly across the nation you can hear it and feel it .
The split now palpable .
There 's and among partisan , anger .
Americans remain glued to their television sets , but no answer is coming out and even Cuba remarked tonight in an official statement that it sure is taking America a long time to pick a .
Odd pairings tonight at the White House when all the nation 's living presidents except Reagan were together at the White House celebrating the 200th anniversary of the grand house .
There was George W. Bush 's dad alongside the President tonight for a photo op .
We have correspondents tonight .
First to the Florida capital and legal correspondent Dan Abrams in Tallahassee .
Brian , this was supposed to be the day when we were going to have a final decision , we were going to know what is the result of the recount in Florida .
Not to be the case .
The official results showing only 53 of the 67 counties have issued their recount results and provided them to the state government here .
On the other hand , as you reported just a moment ago , the Associated Press reporting that 65 of the 67 counties have reported .
The problem is the numbers are so very different .
On the one hand you have the Associated Press saying 225 - vote difference after 65 counties .
You have the officials here saying after 53 counties , exactly the same number difference that it was when the recount began , 1,784 , and if you watch the way these numbers have been coming in , the Associated Press numbers have constantly made it closer and closer , Gore gaining ground on Bush with almost every county 's result .
On the other hand , the official numbers that have been coming in keep seesawing .
Bush gets a few more , Gore gets a few more and we 're back to even again , according to state officials .
So when we get the two remaining counties will that be the best number going ?
I do n't know if to be the best number .
I just ca n't believe these numbers are going to end up matching at the end .
MSNBC
Because as A.P. has continued with its numbers the progression has been consistent .
Every time they gave you a set of counties that have been evaluated , Gore was getting closer and closer .
On the other hand , with every group of counties reporting officially it remained about even .
So in the end , Brian , I think the official numbers will be the numbers that apply but we 'll have to wait and see when all 67 are counted by both .
Thank you for that .
And there are still several thousand absentee votes .
And we continue tonight to try to measure just how this story is playing overseas as we 'll be doing each night all week .
Tonight , the anchor of the Israeli network evening newscast on Channel 2 Jerusalem Jacob Elon on what Israelis are thinking and saying about America 's long wait for a President - elect .
Frankly , we are shocked here .
We are used to the Israeli political system , always tied and always tied up , and election nights here too close to call more often than not , but what you 're experiencing over there is really inconceivable to Israelis .
They spend a lot of air time here trying to convey the electoral system to my viewers here , and the election action I got was basically Hey , this is undemocratic .
This is the greatest democracy we 're talking about , and the system is undemocratic , and the turnout as well I felt 's over 90 % here usually , and it 's hard for Israeli citizens to grasp 50 % .
Since we 're talking about Israeli reel and the Middle East , it 's not , you know , the major headline every day , but it certainly was a major story .
On the election day , we had hours and hours of broadcast here live , same as in the States , and we 've been following this story , of course , every day , but here as usual , I might say , we have news of our own .
Actually today , we just had four Israelis killed in three separate terrorist acts .
The peace forces do n't like uncertainty , I would say even less than the stock market , and things here are getting worse day by day .
Israel is usually looking up to the President of the United States for some help .
Some Israelis at least , if not most of them , are still hoping that President Clinton might be able to intervene and help in the short time he has left , but the more things are complicated and uncertain back there in the States , I think more and more Israelis are worried that there 's nobody to turn to , and I think what happened in the past few days among Israelis here is a new perception that maybe things in the United States are not as perfect as they might have thought .
Actually , they 're far from being perfect , and they are sounding and looking to us here more and more like what we know from our own political system .
That insight tonight from Jacob Eilon , the anchorman Israel 's Channel 2 network news .
He took time out from covering the death of Lea Rabin , widow of Yitzhak Rabin .
She died yesterday of cancer at the age of 72 .
Let 's check in with the court where it 's the law enforcement watch .
Dan Abrams outside the building .
Dan , if you had to make a case that it could be tonight , what are the signs ?
Well , I think the number one most important sign is looking at what happened last night , and that is last night at about 7:00 , the public information officer of the court came to us and said we 're going home .
We are told , in effect , there wo n't be a ruling tonight .
That has n't happened tonight .
Now , you know the time is ticking away and yet they are still here .
Everyone still here .
All we know is that justices Breyer and Souter have been seen driving away , but that does n't necessarily tell us anything .
There are all sorts of possible explanations for that .
It could be that they 're not actually involved in finishing up writing one of the opinions .
Remember , very often , the justices are joint in another justice 's opinion .
It also could be that the opinion is already finished , and , of course , there 's always the possibility that it 's not finished , but I think the fact that the public information office and many security officers here at the court are still here tells us that the court is in all likelihood still working on this case .
Dan Abrams , outside the , still active court tonight .
Thank you for that .
Now to the terrorist bombing of the USS Cole .
The damage , much worse than previously believed .
It 's in the form of new pictures obtained by NBC News .
For the first time with the Cole out of the water , the full impact of the catastrophic blast , clearly visible .
In these photos obtained by NBC News , the damage much larger than first imagined , extending well below the water line .
Workers on deck , large sections of the hull buckled inward .
A crewman Sean Powell back home in Florida said inside the Cole it was chaos , it got dark , we lost power , the ship started to list , that 's what scared everybody .
Navy officials predict the Cole can be repaired for about $ 150 million and put back into service , but Justice Department officials say in Yemen , the FBI 's investigation is dead in the water .
Senior U.S. officials tell NBC News the Yemen government has all but shut down all cooperation in finding those behind the Cole attack .
Evidence is either withheld or tampered with .
A surveillance video at the harbor at the time of the attack was so heavily edited it did n't even show the blast itself .
Why ?
Yemen is a terrorist hot bed .
U.S. officials say some members of the President 's own cabinet have direct ties to radical Islamic extremists and terrorists .
It 's hard to see exactly why it is that the President there would ever want to cooperate with the United States and possibly put himself in jeopardy .
Even though cooperation from Yemen is at a stand still , U.S. officials tell NBC News they 're making substantial progress in the investigation and are fully confident they 'll eventually gather enough evidence to retaliate against those responble .
Jim Miklaszewski , NBC News , the Pentagon .
Miklaszewski , NBC News , the Pentagon .
A visit that was not a surprise for Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa to Beirut .
In the face of stubbornness from the opposition and majority teams , an Arab intervention was necessary on the settlement process .
But Moussa did not say that what he carries with him is a plan for a solution , but he confirmed that the Arab milieu and the Arab League can not be spectators in a very dangerous and critical situation in these moments in Lebanon .
What is clear is that Moussa insists on making a crack in the wall of the crisis ; he considered that the door is open for meetings with all factions , because the movement aims at supporting all Lebanon , not just the government of Prime Minister Siniora .
National reconciliation , as he views it , is the basis and the starting point for any Arab action .
The situation in Lebanon is most critical ,
And ah all Arab leaders and ah the joint Arab work in the framework of the Arab League is trying ah , to deal with this situation with all cautiousness , all brotherhood , and at the same time with all optimism , because Lebanon should not be an arena except for the Lebanese to progress , prove or consolidate their national unity , and go forward .
A step that the Prime Minister seemed eager for the Arab League to welcome , even if his positions intersected with Moussa in not calling this movement an initiative .
While it seems that the government of Prime Minister Fouad Siniora receives notable Arab and international support , the parliamentary majority seemed insistent on investing this support by insisting on throwing the ball in the court of Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri , who was visited by a delegation of the March Fourteenth forces expressing ideas he described as unannounced endeavors to reach a way out from the tension , at a time when the majority itself renews support for Prime Minister Siniora and his government from the government palace .
We do not want to give the issue more than it actually means , I can not say there is an initiative , but this is an important and essential step .
And we hope it develops to become an action we can follow .
Dozens of people were killed or injured yesterday in renewed fighting since Wednesday between the Islamic Courts and the Somali forces , near the town of Baidoa , the headquarters of the interim government 's institutions .
This comes although the United Nations called on the concerned parties to stop the fighting immediately .
The International Security Council condemned yesterday the volatile situation in Somalia , where chaos prevails , and called for the resumption of peace negotiations between the two fighting parties .
Heavy artillery now controls the situation in the town of Baidoa and surrounding areas .
There are no winners or losers until now , and both sides are announcing the casualties they inflicted on the enemy front .
Military and media sources revealed that neighboring Ethiopia mobilized tanks toward the battlefields between the Islamic Courts , and government forces , where the two sides are exchanging gun and rocket fire in clashes that are starting to take the form of war .
The Islamic Courts announced that they will modify their military tactics and will push their ground forces to the front line for a sweeping attack against Ethiopian forces starting on Saturday , instead of long distance fighting with heavy weaponry which has been the technique used until now .
And while Addis Ababa denies its military support of government forces , the Islamic Courts announced that it launched its war against Ethiopian forces to curb their ambitions in Somalia and to stop their support of the interim government with weapons and soldiers .
And if the participation of Ethiopian tanks in the battles is confirmed , the dangers of the fighting will escalate .
In addition , it might draw the whole Horn of Africa into war , due to the historical dispute between Ethiopia and Eritrea .
The battles which were described as violent started on Tuesday night with the end of the grace period given by the Islamic Courts Council for the withdrawal of the Ethiopian forces from Somali territories , before they would face a war .
And this might have already started or is about to start .
Forty - four Iraqi civilians were killed and thirty - nine others were injured in a series of explosions and armed attacks in the capital , Baghdad .
A security source said fifteen employees who work in the Shiite Endowment Court were killed ; nine others were injured in a car bomb explosion which targeted a bus carrying them in northern Baghdad .
Sixteen people were killed and twenty others were injured in three car bomb explosions near a gas station south of the capital .
While eight people were killed and ten others were injured in a car bomb explosion in the Al - Amel district .
Also one of the guards at the Ministry of Industry building was killed in a gunfire exchange with armed men .
The Arab Ministerial Committee for Iraq will hold , or held , a meeting in the headquarters of the Secretariat - General of the Arab League in Cairo , with the participation of foreign ministers of Arab countries and the League Secretary General , Amr Moussa .
The meeting discussed a project the Secretariat - General presented to the League , which included inviting the Iraqi factions to meet in the League headquarters , and it also includes inviting regional parties to study the security issue .
In the meantime , Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar al - Zebari called during his meeting with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak for supporting the efforts of Iraqi reconciliation .
Zebari announced that Iraqi President Jalal Al Talabani will visit Egypt next week .
In further evidence of the close and secret cooperation between India and Israel , Israeli fingerprints were obvious in the latest Indian experiment on the anti-ballistic missile defense system last Monday .
The origins of the long range radar which was used during this successful experiment to intercept a ballistic missile goes back to the Israeli early warning system known as Green Pine .
India had imported two systems of this type , which constitute a vital part of the Israeli Arrow 2 missile system , which Israel uses to intercept possible missiles directed towards it , especially those owned by Iran .
The newspaper reported quoting the head of the program at the Indian Defense Research and Development Organization as saying that most of the equipment used , with the exception of the radar , are manufactured locally , and that Indian experiments will continue to improve defensive systems .
The Indian missile defense system still requires many years until it becomes ready .
However , it will be a unique dual system , with an accuracy of 99.8 percent .
Two of its batteries are enough to protect New Delhi from any possible missile attacks .
The Indian Defense Research and Development Organization claims that it has developed Israeli Green Pine radars capable of detecting a guided missile with a speed of 3000 meters per second 500 kilometers before it reaches its target .
Research is in progress to make the developed radar capable of following the course of a mid-range ballistic missile .
The Al - Omar company set up an automatic brick production factory in Suq Al - Shuyukh county .
The production capacity through this factory will be 160,000 bricks every ten hours , covering the actual needs of Dhi Qar Province and neighboring provinces .
Due to the stable security conditions seen in the province of Dhi Qar , and the adoption of the investment law , investors were encouraged to establish important projects .
Al - Omar company built an automatic brick production factory in the county of Suq Al - Shuyukh , with a production capacity reaching 160,000 bricks every ten hours , in line with the widespread construction activity in the province and neighboring provinces .
The Al - Omar automatic brick production factory was established on an area of 20 hectares to cover the actual requirements of Dhi Qar Province and neighboring provinces such as Basra , Samawa , Karbala , and Najaf .
The production capacity of the factory is 160,000 bricks in ten hours according to the system operating in the factory at the moment .
There are promotional prices for Dhi Qar Province , ah , to improve the status of contruction in the province .
The factory operates with one production line only at the moment and with a very modern working method , where production is compliant with international standards , subject to measurements and quality control , and free of environmental pollutants , since it works on the modern vertical shaft brick kiln system .
Ah , our factory produces 16 molds a minute , and each mold contains 23 bricks , and God willing that we should continue , we will increase the production capacity so that we to serve this dear country .
Despite the recent construction of the factory , the fine quality of the bricks makes official departments and houses register a clear demand , because the factory is close to working areas , and therefore does not carry any additional costs .
This factory was constructed recently and the interest in it was continuous because , ah , the product coming out of the factory is according to the required specifications .
Such projects benefit the citizens , since they aim to provide work opportunities and eliminate unemployment .
Encouraging the establishment of industrial , economic and development projects , through facilitating the task of their owners , by providing them with all the requirements , contributes to the advancement of our national economy and building the new Iraq .
Irfan Ali , Al - Iraqiya , Suq Al - Shuyukh .
It became certain that Turkey 's accession to the European Union is not near after the European Commission recommended a partial freezing of the discussions between Ankara and the European Union .
A new blow by the European Union was directed today at Turkish ambitions , seeking to join the other twenty - five members in the Union , with the announcement by the European Commission of a partial freezing of negotiations .
Though Turkey went a long way on the road to join the Union , it has not yet met all the conditions in the view of the Commission .
A decision seeming more like a European punishment for Turkey 's refusal to open Turkish ports and airports to Cypriot navigation traffic like the rest of the countries in the union , and according to what the Ankara Protocol stated .
The European Commission confirmed that there will not be any discussions between the Union and Turkey about policy negotiations related to Turkish restrictions on the Republic of Cyprus until the required conditions have been achieved .
In the framework of the latest decision , the Commission decided to freeze negotiations in eight out of an original thirty - five chapters that countries eligible to join the Union should meet .
As soon as the decision was announced , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan expressed his opinion that the commission 's recommendation was unacceptable .
This suppressed the hope that emerged yesterday when the Pope supported Turkey for accession to the Union 's membership , after he had previously opposed it .
Today , and after traversing much distance on the way to joining , Ankara finds itself again clashing with European justifications and claims that prevent it from reaching its goal .
Lebanese President Emile Lahoud demanded that the opposition voices who are calling for the overthrow of the Lebanese government demand the formation of a national unity government instead .
Lahoud maintained in an interview with the Abu Dhabi Channel , that he is the president of all the Lebanese , is entrusted with the constitution and that democracy in Lebanon is based on agreement , and in order to resolve the current crisis , the cabinet has to be based on agreement .
A president of the republic in Lebanon has to be always the president of all the Lebanese , and this is what I have done ever since I was an army commander .
The president of the republic is , ah , entrusted with the constitution ,
and the constitution is clear .
The constitution says in its preamble , that there is no legitimate authority unless co-existence is present in the national charter .
You have to know why this was done in the constitution .
As you know Lebanon is an agreement - based democracy .
Now if all the ministers from a certain group representing approximately a third of Lebanon say that we do not want to take part in this cabinet anymore , this means that the legitimacy of the cabinet is null and void ,
and on this basis , what I say , is that before things deteriorate -- and they should not , and we will not let them deteriorate -- there has to be an agreement - based cabinet , national for all the Lebanese , so they resolve all issues , ah , especially after this war which Israel launched on Lebanon .
Therefore I say that the only solution for us , is not to talk about overthrowing the government , but rather talk about forming a national government .
In the year 1874 Youssef Al - Suweiri was born in Ombliz .
Before he had acquired natural medical knowledge he had an instinct inherited from his father and his ancestors .
He studied at La Sagesse and earned a medical diploma and then a doctorate from the Jesuit Faculty of Medicine .
His thesis was in French focusing on pulmonary tuberculosis , which became the authoritative resource and reference suitable for every time and place .
Youssef Al - Suweiri , who was born a genius in a field that became his profession and his calling , devoted himself to carrying out his responsibilities .
He was appointed physician for the Metn District , and he did not slow down during World War I .
He started importing rare medicines to combat dangerous diseases and was treating citizens , especially the poor , free of charge .
And when he discovered that tuberculosis was killing people by the hundreds and thousands , he dove into researching its causes and ways to combat it .
He was not tempted by money nor moved by greed .
He lived among people , observing their daily lives to gather information for the purpose of enriching his studies .
Dr. Suweiri was the first to research and scrutinize the environmental and social causes of pulmonary tuberculosis in the region .
He developed the concept that a clean environment makes a clean human being .
He was a medical phenomenon in his time and the teacher of a generation of physicians .
He achieved scientific accomplishments , and he earned the esteem of senior scientists in the medical field .
Dr. Youssef Al - Suweiri was a genius who was a fountain of science and humanity .
The pulse of life stopped in his body in 1957 , after he had pumped life into the arteries of his society for decades .
He was an institution of genius and creativity .
ah , ah , ah , I mean , stay with me Mr. Sa'ada ,
ah , ah , Doctor , I mean , ah , how do you respond to such talk ?
He does not have representatives ,
ah , how can he be the President of the Republic , ah , without having representatives , ah , and casting doubt on the votes ?
Yes , in fact , Ecuador , this relatively small country does not lack revolutionary traditions and the Ecuadorian people have carried out a number of uprisings , but actually the leadership and the absence of programs is the reason that has led to consecutive frustrations .
Yes .
Ah .
I think that the new president has , ah , I mean , inspiration he can get from the experience of Chavez , and the experience of Bolivia , in relying on the people , and relying on forming a political party and on collaborating and coordinating with revolutionary powers .
Ah .
Yes .
Yes .
There is a communist party and there are other revolutionary powers , and there are popular democratic movements that can all coordinate together and be appointed in future elections .
Of course he will face difficulty now .
Yes , especially as he has no support in the Ecuadorian Congress .
Yes , yes , but this can be compensated for by the street .
The local elections can compensate for it .
Yes .
And it can be compensated for by a government he appoints with the power of the people .
The Sharia Courts in Somalia announced that they are at war with Ethiopia , while fighting intensified between their forces and forces loyal to the government for the third day in a row .
This increased fears of a destructive war erupting in the Horn of Africa region .
Furthermore , the commander of government forces Ibrahim Batari said that battles in the Edale region are becoming increasingly violent , and that there are many corpses on the battlefield .
At the same time , Ibrahim Bilal , commander of the Sharia Courts forces , said that there were heavy losses on both sides , amid bloody days experienced in Somalia , as fighters of both the Sharia Courts and the government forces exchange artillery fire .
The Sharia Courts said that they are at war with Ethiopia , which maintains that it sent hundreds of soldiers on training missions , denying its role in fighting against the Sharia Courts .
The continued battles with rockets and guns increased fears of a destructive war spreading to the Horn of Africa and drawing in regional countries .
Head of the Courts , Sheikh Hassan Dahir Aweys , blamed Ethiopia for the eruption of fighting , describing the position of his forces as self - defensive .
On the other hand , a spokesman for the Ethiopian Ministry of Information said that what Aweys has stated are merely unfounded claims to mislead international opinion .
The Somali government , however , did not comment on these statements and Ethiopia maintained official silence on the declaration of war .
It also denied sending fighting troops into Somalia , and vowed to inform the world if it wanted to attack the Sharia Courts .
From Turkey ,
Pope Benedict XVI began his first visit to the lands of Islam in Ankara .
The Supreme Pontiff received two welcomes , one official that was not lacking in hospitality , but the second was popular and it was an angry one .
The Pope met with the supreme religious authority in Turkey and called for a dialogue of civilizations .
In spite of his attempts at distancing his visit from any political character , he nevertheless declared his support for Turkey 's accession to the European Union .
A noticeable change in his position did not alter the resentment of the Turkish street on account of his previous statements on Islam .
Ankara Airport is the first Islamic soil on which Pope Benedict XVI sets foot since his ascension to the papal throne .
In his reception , he found the Turkish Prime Minister , who postponed his trip to attend the NATO summit in Latvia so that the Pope would not seem as officially unwelcome as he is popularly unwelcome .
But the diplomacy of welcomes does not hide the embarrassment of both sides at a visit laden with veiled political symbolism , including the symbol communicated by the Pope 's first activity .
The visit to the mausoleum of the founder of modern Turkey , Kemal Ataturk , was a stance on the proposition of secularism , and words with religious significance written by the Pope in the mausoleum 's golden visitors ' book and a stamp that the Pope insisted on displaying in the plane that carried him to Turkey .
This is not a political visit ; it is a religious visit aiming at finding common ground for peace and deepening the dialogue .
A dialogue between the various cultures and between the two religions of Christianity and Islam .
But politics has followed the Pope as it has preceded him .
Erdogan tried to ease the atmosphere by saying that the Pope 's position on Turkey 's accession to the European Union was contrary to his position when he was called Cardinal Ratzinger .
The Pope said in reply to my question on Turkey 's joining the European Union that he is not a politician but he supports this accession .
But the change in positions did not change anything in the universal anger that is sweeping through the Turkish street .
Thousands of Turks came out under the vigilant eyes of the security forces to reject the Pope 's visit and to protest his failure to retract his statements about Islam .
Welcome to you .
Iraqi President Jalal Talabani arrived in Tehran to hold talks with the Iranian leadership on the situation in Iraq .
It should be mentioned that Talabani 's visit to Iran will be the second after Iran pledged to help put an end to the violence in Iraq .
The visit was scheduled earlier , but it was postponed after the closure of Baghdad Airport at the time , as a result of a curfew being imposed which was lifted completely today .
In any case , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad acted in advance of meeting his Iraqi counterpart by calling on the countries in the region to cooperate in driving out foreign forces , affirming the need for vigilance and caution .
Nejad 's statements came in an speech he made before a gathering of volunteer forces , or what is known as the Basij forces .
Nejad said that Iran is prepared to rescue America and Britain from the quagmire of Iraq provided that they pledge to rectify their course in the region .
And with the failures which the Americans and their allies in the region and the world have suffered , I tell them that Iran is prepared to help you get out of the state you are in , provided you stop the policy of violence and change your ways , then Iran will be prepared to guide you to the path of survival .
I am saying to the states and governments in the region , that we have to join hands in getting the foreigners out of this region , and we have to keep vigilant and cautious so that none falls into turmoil .
It is time that the American and the British administrations open their ears to hear that their policy of insulting nations has reached its end and that their downfall has begun .
The Cold War cost Latin America the lives of hundreds of thousands of people .
In Nicaragua alone , fifty thousand died in the Sandinista revolution , and another fifty thousand in the civil war .
That was frightful .
There were many murder victims , refugees , and displaced people .
From a different perspective , the situation could have been much worse if we had done nothing to prevent the establishment of communist regimes in the countries of Central America other than Nicaragua .
Suppose they were established in El Salvador , then in Guatemala and maybe in Honduras during the eighties : if we had not taken the steps we took , the direct suffering would have been much greater .
In the year 1990 , the leader of the Sandinistas , Daniel Ortega , was asking the people of Nicaragua to elect him president .
Former American President Jimmy Carter was there to view the impartiality of the election .
Violeta Chamorro , Ortega 's rival , won by a tight margin and sudden victory , and Washington spent ten million dollars in support of her campaign .
Body Placed In a White Coffin Carried On Palms .
A few women were throwing rice and roses on the body as it passed in the square of the town of Bikfaya , where most of the residents had come down to meet the town 's native son , who died a martyr at the age of 34 , like his uncle the martyr President Bashir Gemayel , who also died as a martyr at the age of 34 after spending 21 days as the President - elect of the Republic .
We saw few cars arriving from the region of the Upper Metn carrying Phalangists to meet the martyr , Minister Pierre Gemayel , whom you now see carried in a white coffin in order to be placed in the family house tonight and tonight .
He will then be carried tomorrow to Beirut , without knowing whether he will be laid for some time at the Central Phalangist House in Saifi or if he will be taken directly to Saint George 's Maronite Cathedral , where prayers will be offered for his soul .
It has become known , uh , the various March 14 groups , uh , called on their partisans and supporters to participate in this national , popular funeral tomorrow after calling a general strike day in mourning for the young Minister Gemayel .
Secretary General of the Arab League , Amr Moussa , again in Beirut .
And again in an attempt to find a political settlement on which all the Lebanese political parties agree .
But Moussa 's visit to Beirut this time assumes great importance as he is returning from a meeting that was described as important with the Saudi King , Abdallah Bin Abd - al - Aziz ; and consequently , obviously just the return is expected to bring something new that contributes to paving the road for some solution , at least in form .
As for content and essence , well - informed sources harbor hopes that Moussa could convince the Lebanese factions to agree on a common ground that saves the country from entering into complications with bad repercussions .
Moussa relied , in his communications that he held with the political leaders , on two main points : first , the results of the meeting with the Saudi King , which sources expect would be followed by a direct Saudi intervention very soon on the treatment line ; and second , what he concluded in his last visit to Lebanon , i.e. the positive things he announced and did not specify , and which focus on the issue of partnership in government and what relates to the guarantee of the one - third .
I am looking forward to the coming meetings in ah the two coming days to resume -- ah our discussions and negotiations .
I am still of the opinion that there is hope and there are points in which we can achieve progress from the starting point of -- everyone 's feeling of danger for Lebanon and the responsibility of everyone to protect Lebanon and to work from the starting point , for the goal , and according to the rule , no winner , no loser .
Moussa arrived in Beirut at a time when the opposition political leaders in Lebanon violated the media truce , as they raised the tone of their propositions and called for approving a new law for elections and holding early parliamentary elections through a transitional government , accusing the majority of dealing with the current crisis through arrogance and obstinacy .
For its part , the majority said this escalation with its sudden timing blocked the path of Moussa 's initiative .
After counting eighty percent of the votes , the Venezuelan people reelected President Hugo Chavez for a third six - year term , after he led , with sixty - one percent of the votes , his competitor Manuel Rosales , who received thirty - eight percent , in the presidential elections in Venezuela .
Amid cheers of thousands of his supporters , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announced his overwhelming victory in the presidential elections , and this according to the preliminary results released by the National Elections Council .
The leftist Chavez won a new six - year presidential term over his democratic socialist competitor Manuel Rosales by receiving more than sixty - one percent of the votes , versus thirty - eight percent for his competitor .
The opposition candidate Rosales , whose supporters counted on him to defeat Chavez , admitted his defeat , but he promised to continue the battle .
The opposition filed numerous complaints about fraudulent activities in previous elections that took place under Chavez 's presidency , and that were impossibile to prove , according to international election monitoring organizations .
The Venezuelan opposition also adopted over the past few years a long series of procedures that did not have a big effect on public opinion or political life in Venezuela , like the coup it executed in the year 2002 , and a several - month strike in the petroleum sector , which had a negative effect on the economy and led to performing a referendum to remove the President in the year 2004 .
But Chavez was able to survive all these events , and turned them into points in his favor .
Chavez , who is considered the fourth leftist to win in Latin American elections over the last five weeks , achieved a big victory in the presidential elections that took place between the years 1998 and 2000 .
His victory by a strong majority will grant a clear mandate to remove restrictions on presidential terms and to establish a single party that he is expected to lead in power for decades .
The surprise victory of the leftist candidate Rafael Correa in the run - off presidential elections in Ecuador recalled the rise of the leftist tide in many countries in the Latin American states region .
The victory of Correa , who is the eighth president of Ecuador in ten years , will strengthen the campaign of his ally , Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , who aims at establishing an alliance of the leftist governments facing the American influence in the region .
The initial results that have been announced confirmed that Rafael Correa received sixty - eight percent of the total votes versus thirty - one percent for his competitor , the rightist candidate Alvaro Noboa , who had won the majority of votes in the first round of the elections .
While supporters of Correa started to celebrate the victory in different areas of Ecuador , Alvaro Noboa , the richest man in the country , who is seeking to win the presidency position for the third time , questioned the accuracy of these results .
The winning candidate , Rafael Correa , who preceded the announcement of the final results , renewed his intention to call for forming a constitutional association that enjoys full authority , and opposed the currently stalled negotiations for reaching a free trade agreement with the United States .
The winning president in these elections faces a difficult challenge to his ability to govern Ecuador for the next four years , as it is a politically unstable country that has overthrown many presidents : the last of them was Lucio Gutierrez , who dissolved the Supreme Court and appointed new judges who cancelled an arrest warrant against a former president accused of corruption .
He prolonged his visit by one day and broadened the scope of his meetings .
He also stayed his course by repeating the refrain of hope that he and his mission will achieve some success .
He insisted on pointing to the full half , and not the empty half , of the glass .
Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa , who is apprehensive of the devil in the details , carried what he had in his bag and tirelessly made the rounds of those involved in the current crisis .
After his meeting with Lt. General Michel Aoun , he reiterated that it is the responsibility of the Lebanese before anyone else to search for the desired solution .
I think that here , even though there may be regional or international influences or other considerations , the solution must be Lebanese .
The responsibility is that of the Lebanese leaders , indeed of the Lebanese people , not to allow the collapse of Lebanon and the harm that is occurring to Lebanon .
Moussa , who revealed that he had , away from the limelight , a positive meeting with the Secretary General of Hezbollah , Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah , also paid a visit to the leader of the Lebanese Forces Dr. Samir Geagea and the Maronite Patriarch Cardinal Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir , after he had met earlier with Prime Minister Fouad Siniora and the leader of the Future Movement , MP Saad Hariri .
He confirmed that he was able to discuss details , and who knows what the details are !
This time , we got into the details , and the devil is in the details .
And then , there are difficulties that are becoming clearer and difficulties that are beginning to be solved .
And this requires us uh , uh , to concentrate our work .
MP Hariri praised the efforts of the Secretary General of the Arab League and his success in bringing the perspectives of the parties in the current crisis closer .
Whereas Dr. Geagea denied on his part that the parliamentary majority group is the one putting obstacles in the way of this initiative .
However , it is striking that the MP and former Minister Suleiman Franjieh , in parallel with the end of the 22nd day of the open sit - in in front of the government Serail building in downtown Beirut , launched a sharp attack on the other side , accusing it of blocking the Moussa initiative .
He revealed that the opposition will announce civil disobedience after the holidays and will close the roads leading to the airport and the harbor in order to achieve the demands put forth .
No clear features have appeared yet for the Jordanian initiative seeking a way out of the crisis between the two sides of the Palestinian Authority and Abbas ' government , amid separation of positions , between the calls of President Mahmoud Abbas for early general elections and Hamas ' insistence on its refusal and the emphasis on a national unity government , while the realities in the field warn of destroying the fragile cease - fire .
The features of the Jordanian initiative , which the media have circulated to deal with the internal Palestinian struggle between the Fatah and Hamas movements , have not appeared yet .
Whereas only Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas received an invitation to visit the Jordanian capital next Sunday , the Hamas movement announced its welcome to the Jordanian role , but it confirmed its position in which it considers the only way out of the crisis is a national unity government on the basis of the national reconciliation accord , and not according to American and Israeli measures , according to Hamas .
The Hamas movement declared its position and will not change this position , that it wo n't accept these elections and the coup on the will of the Palestinian people .
Ah -- the only alternative is the dialogues in order to form the national unity government on the basis of the Palestinian Document of National Reconciliation .
Any context outside this framework will lead to agitating the internal situation and reaching a stage that has no ah -- good consequences .
In its turn , the Fatah movement confirmed its insistence on the necessity to form a technocratic government that is internationally accepted and aims at removing the siege .
The position of Fatah and the position of President Mahmoud Abbas , no return to the fruitless dialogue , -- no return to a dialogue without results , no return to a dialogue in which the element of time is exploited .
We are looking forward to submitting creative ideas .
At the level of the other factions , supporters of six factions demonstrated , raising the Palestinian flag only , calling for Fatah and Hamas to abide by the truce agreement , to end the security chaos syndrome , and return to the negotiations table in order to activate the talks to form a national unity government .
Several days after the armed confrontations between supporters of the Fatah and Hamas movements and the multiple violations of the truce , Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh expressed the movement 's readiness to begin a dialogue to form a government according to Palestinian premises and conditions , in order to contain the confrontations in the Palestinian street .
Uh , what is required , uh , also is dialogue , and if we can achieve a Palestinian understanding about a national unity government , this is the preferred option .
But it 's necessary to deal earnestly with this subject , so that it will in the end lead clearly to the basis of an agreement for a government that is capable of resolving the Palestinian siege .
It is noteworthy that the state of cautious calm prevailing over the West Bank and the Strip comes after violent confrontations that the city of Nablus saw today , which left nine citizens injured , after which President Mahmoud Abbas ordered the deployment of the security forces in the streets of the city to cordon it off .
In the absence of any political internal , uh , Palestinian , uh accord , the situation of internal tension will remain open to the likelihood of infighting even more than what we have already seen , in the next period .
And any political escalation also , uh , uh , is likely to fuel the internal situation which is going towards infighting , as we saw in Gaza and as we saw in the West Bank , particularly , uh , uh , in Nablus .
Meanwhile , the Factions Coordination Committee intervened to release those kidnapped from both sides with the goal of preserving the announced pacification that was agreed upon by leaders of the two factions .
Whereas Hamas sees a solution to the crisis in resuming the national unity dialogues , Fatah for its part sees early elections as the only alternative , and the Palestinian street remains waiting for any practical steps to end the crisis .
Yas Al - Saifi , State of Kuwait Television , Ramallah , Palestine .
Rafael Correa is the new President of Ecuador .
This has become almost certain , even before the release of the official results of the second round of presidential elections which this country , located on the western side of South America , has witnessed .
The difference in the announced numbers between what the leftist candidate , Correa , and his competitor , billionaire Alvaro Noboa , have achieved is so great , it is hard for any expected change to occur in the early announcement of the results , according to voter surveys .
Observers do not expect the predictions of Noboa , who fought his third presidential battle armed with money , to come true : that a civil war would erupt if his forty - three - year - old rival , Correa , won .
This choice of the Ecuadorian voters reflects great hopes on one hand for political stability for the country , for which eight Presidents of the Republic have alternated since the year 1996 .
Three of them were forced to resign under the pressure of public demonstrations .
Secondly , Ecuador , with its thirteen - and - a - half million residents , is left with the paradox that three quarters of those live in a state of poverty , though it is an oil producing country .
Thirdly , in getting out of the orbit of the political influence of the United States , which owns a military base in it , Correa has promised to remove it unless Washington accepts Ecuador having a military base on its land .
Welcome .
And we begin our conversation with His Excellency the Ambassador Mr. Nasser .
Your Excellency , I mean , I mean , it is said that it is unprecedented in the history of Lebanon , a crowd of such , uh , enormous size .
The opposition today took to the streets , maybe this was the last option after it , uh , went to the dialogue table later for consultation .
The roads were blocked and they took to the streets .
The goal of the demonstration is change , reform , uh , changing the government .
Will anything actually change in Lebanon after this demonstration , especially since the government is saying that it is staying , staying , staying ?
First , no one called for the government to fall without justification .
the first demands were an agreement to expand the government or modify it so it would become a national unity government .
Um .
His Excellency Speaker Nabih Berri has explained this matter and said , the matter does not depend on the resignation of the government , or changing the prime minister , or a new confidence .
All that there is to it , is that the issue requires , uh , a national consensus during this fateful period in the history of Lebanon .
And when these demands were met uh , with a categorical rejection , they were left with no option .
There was no other way but to take to the street because the basis of democratic rule is that power derives from the people .
Um .
The people are the source of authority , therefore let us seek the people 's decision .
That is the issue .
Um .
Palestinian Chief Negotiator Saeb Erekat confirmed that Palestinians are fully ready to negotiate a peaceful settlement with Israel , and that is after Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert 's announcement of his readiness to withdraw from most of the Palestinian territories in return for peace .
On his side , Nabil Abu Rudeina , Consultant to the Palestinian Presidency , said the task at this stage is the demand for serious negotiations to implement the Road Map and the Arab Peace Initiative which is based on the fourth of June borders of land for peace and foremost Jerusalem .
We demand serious negotiations in order to implement the Road Map and the Arab Peace Initiative .
Ah what is important to us is to see serious negotiations on the negotiation table on the basis of the fourth of June ah land for peace and , foremost Jerusalem .
Ah regarding the issue of refugees ah ah what came in the Road Map and in the Arab Peace Initiative is a fair and agreed upon solution , according to resolution one hundred ninety - four .
This is the official Palestinian position , and this is what we committed to , the Arab legitimacy and the international legitimacy .
Releasing Palestinian captives , stopping assassinations , and stopping incursions , ah is the only necessary climate for survival and for maintaining the truce that was agreed upon days ago in Gaza .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert had offered his willingness to release Palestinian detainees and to release money due to the Palestinian Authority in return for releasing the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , who is detained by Palestinian groups , and in return for Palestinians giving up the right of return .
Olmert said Israel would withdraw from most of the Palestinian territories in return for peace .
<foreign lang="unknown"> </foreign>
If the Palestinians form a new government that commits to implementing the Road Map and release Gilad Shalit , I will offer Abbas an immediate meeting in order to have a real and open dialogue .
I realize the importance of releasing Palestinian detainees .
I promise that the Israeli government will be willing to release many Palestinians in return for Shalit returning home safe to his family .
As part of the plan of regional development in the Governorates , the road linking the area of Husseiniya in Karbala Governorate to the center of the city has been widened by two meters in order to absorb the congestion occurring on that road .
Its cost amounted to 3.5 billion Iraqi dinars .
In the regions , and accelerating reconstruction in the Karbala Governorate , work is currently being done in the area of Husseiniya to widen the road linking the area to the city center over a length of 12 kilometers at a cost of 3.5 billion Iraqi dinars .
The operation of widening it by two meters was carried out for the purpose of accommodating the resulting increase in the number of vehicles on that road , particularly on religious occasions .
The last of the projects which we are now working on implementing is the project of widening the Husseiniya - Karbala Road over the length of 12 kilometers from the center of the Husseiniya area to Karbala by broadening it by two meters in general .
Uh , the cost of the project is 3.5 billion , uh , by an Iraqi company and Iraqi engineers and of course Iraqi talent , and it will be completed and finished by 12/31 of this year .
The road that goes through the center of the Husseiniya area was also included in the development and reconstruction plan , and this road is currently being paved over the length of two kilometers at a cost of 460 million Iraqi dinars .
Work on this project began early last October and it is hoped that this project will be completed by the end of the current year , As part of the projects for regional development and accelerating reconstruction of the Holy Karbala Governorate , with the engineering crews of the company , all entirely Iraqi crews , undertaking to pave that road .
Uh , and while the project began on the date of 10/2/2006 , it is expected that this project will be finished , if God Almighty wills , around 12/31/2006 .
The reconstruction activity that is being experienced by the Karbala Governorate and its districts and areas reflects the seriousness of the local government of the Governorate in positively interacting with the plan of regional development and accelerating reconstruction .
Filipino officials said about four hundred people died in landslide resulting from Hurricane Durian , south of the capital , Manila .
Officials added that hundreds of people are still missing and the final outcome is expected to increase .
With wind speed that reached about two hundred and sixty kilometers per hour , Hurricane Durian hit the northern Philippines .
The hurricane , accompanied by heavy rains , led to uprooting trees , cutting roads and landslides .
Several villages south of the capital , Manila , were buried in mud and rocks .
Hurricane Durian , known as the Fruit of Asia to the local residents , is only one degree less than the strongest hurricanes , classified as Category Five .
The dead and injured as a result of the landslides are expected to increase in view of the difficulty in reaching those afflicted .
We expect big numbers of residents will be harmed by the hurricane and we are in need of medicine and relief materials , in addition to heavy machinery to clean the streets .
The Philippine capital , Manila , is no longer the next stop for Hurricane Durian , as it was expected , and in spite of that , the government asked the twelve million residents of the capital to be fully prepared to welcome heavy rains and strong winds .
Durian is expected to reach the Vietnamese coasts in the coming few days .
But meteorologists say the hurricane will lose its strength and turn into a tropical storm while it passes the South China Sea .
This hurricane is the fourth to hit the Philippines in three months , causing huge losses in lives and property .
More than two hundred people died during last September , when Hurricane Xangsane hit the north of the country .
Economic experts say the growth of the Philippine economy dropped noticeably during the third quarter of this year because of the wave of hurricanes .
And now the news details .
President Hosni Mubarak and President Teodoro Nguema , the President of the Republic of Equatorial Guinea , agreed to establish resident diplomatic relations in the capitals of the two countries , Cairo and Malabo , in order to support the common desire for strong relations in the areas of investment , commerce and the economy .
Ambassador Suleiman Awwad , official spokesman for the presidency of the Republic , declared that the Mubarak - Nguema talks focused on the overall situation in the African arena in addition to bolstering economic relations in various areas .
Shadi Shash 's report .
President Mohammad Hosni Mubarak and the President of Guinea , Teodoro Obiang Nguema , held a session of talks at the presidential headquarters in Heliopolis where official welcoming ceremonies were held for the Guinean president , the national anthems of both Egypt and Equatorial Guinea were played , and the Honor Guard was reviewed .
Following the welcoming ceremonies , the Guinean president shook hands with those receiving him , led by Dr. AhmedNazif , Prime Minister of the Cabinet , and a number of ministers and senior statesmen .
After the talks , Ambassador Suleiman Awwad , official spokesman for the presidency of the republic , said that the two Presidents Mubarak and Nguema focused in their closed and expanded talks on the overall situation in the African arena , on strengthening relations , and discussed the agenda of the next African summit .
Regarding strengthening bilateral cooperation between Egypt and Equatorial Guinea , Awwad said that Guinea has enormous reserves of oil and gas and comes in third in Africa , and will attain first place in the continent by the year 2010 .
For this reason , Equatorial Guinea is now experiencing vigorous activity in the construction of its infrastructure .
Iraqi - Iranian relations have never in the past reached a degree of complete stability , and perhaps this has been caused by many geographic , political and religious factors .
For since the founding of the modern Iraqi State in the early '20s , the border problems between them were one of the elements of tension and instability .
The files of the Iraqi and Iranian foreign ministries contain many documents that talk about border violations here and there .
The state of instability persisted until the mid-'60s when the Iraqi President Abdul Salam Aref evicted the Iranian ambassador and accused the government of the Shah of interference in internal Iraqi affairs .
Because of the denominational convergence between the Shiites of Iraq and Iran , the controversy over the legitimacy of the religious authority between Arab and non-Arab authorities came to the surface , which is something with which political elements got involved and contributed to inflaming it .
The Iranian Revolution in the late '70s and the return of Ayatollah Khomeini to Tehran added more tension between the two countries , particularly with the announcement by Khomeini of his intention to export the revolution to the countries of the region .
In 1980 , the Iraq - Iran war , which lasted eight years , broke out .
Close to a million people were killed in it .
During the war , Iraq embraced the Iranian opposition groups , the Mujahideen e-Khalq , whereas Iran embraced Iraqi opposition groups .
The direct war ended , but the war by proxy continued via opposition groups in both countries .
The war of 1991 came to bring relations between them to their lowest ebb , with Baghdad accusing Tehran of supporting a budding revolution in southern Iraq , after the cessation of coalition military operations in the aftermath of the invasion of Kuwait .
In the late '90s , both Baghdad and Tehran resumed diplomatic relations and the two sides exchanged prisoners from the eight - year war , but this did not stop them from using elements from the opposition .
The American - British war against Iraq came in 2003 to topple the Iraqi regime , with the objective of laying the foundations of democracy in the country , according to the US administration .
Diplomatic relations between Tehran and Baghdad resumed , especially since the majority of the Iraqi leadership had been using Iran as a base for their political activities .
The bloody events succeeded one another , putting the American project near collapse in Iraq , and the American accusations have resumed against Tehran for interfering in Iraq through armed militias .
Diyar Al - Omari , Al - Arabiyah .
The Iraqi Drilling Company succeeded , uh , in drilling seventy - five productive wells in the south oil fields , two months before the final delivery date , in addition to continuing to drill a hundred other wells and implementing maintenance operations for a big portion of the wells .
This will , to a great extent , contribute to raising the capacity of Iraq 's production of crude oil .
The efforts that engineering and technical cadres and personnel in the Iraqi Drilling Company exerted have been interlinked , through the completion of seventy - five oil producing wells in the south fields , and in two months less time than the determined period .
This achieves oil productivity and adds a new industry for the country .
We delivered such a distinguished work to the Ministry of Oil this year , that is , finishing seventy - five oil wells and at an early time this year , two months before the determined time .
The company is also finishing another hundred wells in Al - Rumela Northern fields , western Al Karna , Al Fakka , after it had achieved progressive achievement rates in establishing the reclamation machines , in addition to treating well problems .
The work has started on another hundred wells that we expect to finish , God willing , before the start of the second half of this year , I mean , in the first half , God willing , they will be ready .
This achievement is a big challenge that reflects the will of the Iraqis with their devotion and loyalty in work .
Each oil well means an increase in Iraq 's oil exports abroad .
A series of actions to develop oil fields and a shining point in raising oil exports , this is what the employees in the Drilling Company are devoted to , in order to increase the number of wells and production .
Mohamed Al Eidani , Al Iraqyia , Al Basra .
Good morning and good day .
In principle it is final , and going into the streets , it has become a matter of hours , as one official in Hezbollah said .
Actions are about to happen , they are actually imminent , after all preparations for them have been finalized , as stated by Ali Qanso , leader of the Syrian Social National Party .
In principle also , all the political mediations which were widely talked about yesterday morning , were voided by nighttime , because the calculations of the minority or the opposition do not correspond at all with those of the majority or the loyalists .
We are then at the threshold of street action , and this is what compelled the vice president of the Higher Shiite Council , Abdel - Amir Qabalan to warn from going into the streets because there is harm and corruption in this action .
This is also what drove President Fuad Siniora to warn about the prevalence of the overthrow logic over democratic logic .
This also drove the Member of Parliament Saad Hariri to warn of the continuing series of assassinations , considering that the turn now is focused on two : Walid Jumblatt , and himself personally .
So here we are again in the phase of awaiting the winds of the storm .
When will this storm blow , how , and where ?
and will it succeed as planned or as its executors plan , in rooting out the government of President Siniora , or introducing the blocking third into it ?
Or will this storm fail to change any of the conditions as the leaders of the majority maintain ?
And in this context , what about the fate of the International Court , and the presidency of the republic ?
Then again , what about the fate of resolution 1701 , which it appears that everyone has forgotten or pretended to forget about in the midst of their internal preoccupations , and while directing the attention away from Israel 's goals , ambitions , and wars to small internal wars ?
Ruling Opposition Coalition Parties Ahead Again in Mauritania .
This is the outcome of the official results of parliamentary elections after it obtained 41 seats , compared to 39 seats for the Group of Independents and only 7 seats for the former ruling Republican Party .
Who defeated whom in the Mauritanian legislative elections whose second round took place last Sunday ?
This is a difficult question , given the modest advance by the parties of the Democratic Coalition , that were formerly considered affiliated with the opposition and received 41 seats compared to 37 for the Independents movement , although the main party in the Coalition is satisfied with these results under these special political circumstances .
Uh , the results which , uh , the Democratic Forces Bloc party received in comparison with the political , uh , reality and the circumstance in which the elections were held , in terms of the political formations and in terms of the uh , helter - skelter breakup of the scene , the results are considered truly uh , extremely satisfying and encouraging , especially in connection with the NationalList , which really takes the pulse of the political parties on the national stage in general .
The former ruling Republican Party for Renewal considers that its modest results are expected , given that it was targeted by the Mauritanian authorities , which led to the withdrawal of many of its members .
So , dear viewers , this is the press conference of Hajj Hussein Al - Khalil , political aide to Hezbollah 's Secretary General Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah .
This conference is an attempt to clarify .
Mr. Hussein Al - Khalil also referred to the statement issued yesterday by the Future Movement in response to what Mr. Hajj Hussein Al - Khalil said in an interview with Al - Manar Television , in which he clarified that there were contacts that took place between , uh , the Future Movement , and specifically from Saad Hariri to Hezbollah 's Secretary General through Hajj Hussein Al - Khalil .
In the context of his announcement there are two important points :
The first point relates to the need to disarm the resistance , or an honor pact or a word of honor from Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah that the resistance will be disarmed , and talking about the weapons of the resistance , specifically at the time of the Israeli aggression against , uh , Lebanon .
He explicitly clarified , and also mentioned names , that there were direct mediations taking place between member of Parliament Saad Hariri and Hajj Hussein Al - Khalil .
And he mentioned Hajj Akram Saad as a mediator .
He also mentioned Mr. Wissam Al - Hassan as a mediator from the Future Movement .
He also discussed what was happening with the French proposal to stop the Israeli aggression , that it will proceed or a resolution will be issued by the Security Council under Chapter Seven , and how they mostly rejected this .
The outcome at the end of this press conference is the advice of Hajj Hussein Al - Khalil , the political aide to the Secretary General , that they should not play the role of disguising the facts .
And these words are addressed to the Future Movement because if they were to play that role , there would be a successive revealing of a set of letters and documents that condem the Future Movement .
The questions that were posed by the journalists dealt with the context of : to what extent can the response and the rebuttal to the response end ?
Hajj Hussein Al - Khalil answered that this talk is completely different , as are talks of a transitional government , talk about the government and about unity and about sitting together one more time .
And this was a question for Al - Alam channel about how there could be talk about another party in this way , as well as sitting with that party ?
He said : This is a different matter .
But now he is explaining the contents of a statement made yesterday by the Future Movement following up on his statements to Al - Manar Television .
Nicolas Sarkozy , the right - wing Interior Minister who is a candidate for the presidential elections , has begun paving his way to the Elysee Palace .
The beginning was in the regions and among the classes that have been most harmed by his policies , the suburbs and their residents who descend from immigrants .
But the first policeman of France did not resort this time to his familiar vocabulary vis - a - vis the people of the suburbs .
Instead , he replaced it with the language of cooperation , fairness and the promise of tangible solutions .
Valet Shamy from Paris .
Monthsaway away from the French presidential elections , it seems that the Interior Minister has chosen the most difficult thing to begin his campaign with .
Nicolas Sarkozy welcomed to his ministry young people from the suburbs , a step that was not lacking in significance .
Equal opportunities , identity , work and women in the poor suburbs were all subjects that were discussed throughout an entire day .
Sarkozy appeared flexible this time without losing his toughness , stressing that France will not accept values that are in conflict with the values of the Republic .
I assure you that society can not give you anything if you do not decide , by yourselves , to improve your conditions .
Sarkozy 's speech was welcomed by some and was condemned by some others .
We came to the ministry to cooperate and to make our suggestions heard , and of course , if they were to be adopted , that is our hope .
We are here for dialogue , but this did not happen .
The microphones were disconnected .
Long live democracy , the democracy that was able to coexist well with dictatorship in France .
Sarkozy had wished this day to be a civilian revolution under the slogan of What we say , we do , perhaps with this , he can repair his image with the young people of the suburbs , promising them serious follow - up on their issues .
Of course , the issue of immigration is a fundamental and sensitive issue in the presidential campaign of Nicolas Sarkozy , who had wished to nominate a minister in charge of this file and conclude an international convention on this subject .
Valet Shamy , Dubai Television , Paris .
Welcome to you ah once again .
Moving to the American situation , and two days before the resignation of Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld from his position , he presented a confidential memo to the White House in which he indicated that the American strategy in Iraq is not achieving results , and he requested a clear change in Washington 's attitude toward Baghdad .
The New York Times acquired a copy of this memo and wrote the headline , Rumsfeld Demands Changing Policy in Iraq .
Washington should use limited force in any military intervention , and it should redeploy its troops in Iraq to work as a deterrence force when necessary ;
It is necessary to stop sending supplies and financial aid to the Iraqi districts where violence is erupting , in accordance with the policy of reward and punishment .
And the American bases should be merged to total five by next July .
In the memo , Rumsfeld sees the necessity for Washington to work on winning over the Iraqi spiritual leaders and strengthening the infrastructure of Iraq .
He considered federalism of least importance .
In Newsweek , Fareed Zakaria reported in his column on the situation in Afghanistan , and warned of the dangers of Afghanistan turning into a new Iraq .
The headline was Afghanistan Could Be the Next Iraq .
From NPR News in Washington , I am Corey Flintoff .
Palestinians and Israeli soldiers fought in the streets one day after Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak said his nation is taking a break from peace talks .
Barak began negotiations today with his hard line opponents in parliament , considering ways to bring them into a coalition government , a development that could keep Israel out of the peace process for months .
Today Israeli security forces closed the Palestinian airport and the Gaza Strip and blockaded a West Bank town , where gunmen had allegedly fired on a Jewish neighborhood that Israel claims is part of Jerusalem .
Yugoslav opposition leaders sharply criticized both the United States and Russia today as a general strike against President Slobodan Milosevic gained momentum across the country .
NPR 's Sylvia Pajoli reports from Podgorica .
With the international community anxiously following the Yugoslav political crisis from the sidelines Kostunica accused the Russian government of indecision and said Washington was indirectly helping Milosevic 's cause .
He was scheming with the United States , which he said never missed a chance to mention that there 's an indictment against Milosevic at the war crimes tribunal in The Hague as if this were more important Kostunica added than the fate of a nation .
And still Russia which has offered to mediate but thus far has not joined Western governments in embracing Kostunica as the victor against Milosevic .
The opposition leader was very critical .
He said Russian policy has been indecisive and reluctant and he described it as one step forward and one back .
Sylvia Pajoli , NPR News , Podgorica .
If the United States has officially restored diplomatic relations with Yugoslavia , President Clinton announced the move during his visit to Vietnam , calling the changes in Yugoslavia remarkable , following the democratic election of President Vojislav Kostunica and the ouster of Slobodan Milosevic .
The White House said the United States will provide 45 million dollars in food aid to Yugoslavia .
This is NPR News from Washington .
GOP vice - presidential nominee Dick Cheney celebrated Thanksgiving in a Washington D.C. hospital where he is recovering from what doctors said was a mild heart attack .
Cheney got a telephone call from his democratic counterpart Joseph Lieberman wishing him a speedy recovery .
The hospital spokeswoman said that Cheney could go home as early as tomorrow if his recovery continues to go well .
I am Corey Flintoff , NPR News , Washington .
This is The World , a co-production of the BBC World Service PRI and WGBH in Boston .
I am Lisa Mullins .
For the past 40 years Columbia has been engulfed in a civil war which has claimed 35,000 lives since 1990 .
The government is pinning hopes of ending the conflict on what it calls Plan Colombia .
A seven and a half billion dollar package is designed to push the left wing guerillas towards a peace deal by stemming the lucrative drug trade that finances their movements .
As we 'll hear in a moment , the American role in Plan Colombia could be one of the initial foreign policy dilemmas to face the next U.S. President , but first we go to the Colombian city of Beranka Bremeha , where as The World 's Steven Doddly reports , the killing and the suffering continue .
A woman bellows in pain at the death of her 16 - year - old sister .
Her dizzying cries for answers to her sister 's death , shake even the usually unflappable police investigators that are arriving at the funeral home .
Just an hour earlier , her sister was shot on the head by suspected left wing guerillas .
The motive is n't clear .
There are rumors she may have been doing favors for the rebel 's enemies , the right wing paramilitaries .
She may simply have been dating one of them .
It 's all speculation right now , but what 's true is that it is easy to become a target in this city of 200,000 inhabitants .
Father Hose Figadua , who works for the archdiocese says over 400 people have been killed already this year in a battle between warring factions over the precious territory that surrounds Beranka Bremeha .
Around here there are oil , gold and nickel deposits .
It 's also great land for raising cattle and agriculture , and that 's why those who have dominated the area , the guerillas want to maintain control .
Columbia 's largest oil refinery is here , to the west of the city .
There are also large tracks of coca fields , the raw material for cocaine .
The fight to control profits from the illegal coca trade as well as the illegal gasoline market has spilled onto Beranka Bremeha 's streets .
In the city 's commercial district , an employee at the Rositas Fabric and Clothing Store shouts out today 's bargain prices of the Pa .
Rositas lies on one of the city 's main thoroughfares .
In front of the store , street vendors hawk watches , jewelry and t - shirts .
In June , two suspected paramilitary gunmen entered this store , moved their way past the towels and sheets and up the marble staircase to the second floor before they reached their targets , two relatives of the store 's owner .
After pumping several rounds into the two businessmen , witnesses say the men calmly walked out of the store and sped away on their motorcycle .
Speaking over the din of the refinery , Vopunsa Dunke , a representative of a local development agency here , says Beranka Bremeha 's war has no boundaries .
These assassinations break all the rules .
They 've killed right here in one of the busiest areas , where there are lots of cars and people , and where there are plenty of police that should be easily be able to control this area .
Dunke and others suspected the authorities are selectively enforcing the law by ignoring the paramilitary 's attacks in the center of town and instead are focussing mainly on the city 's guerilla controlled territories .
On a side street in Beranka Bremeha 's north west neighborhoods , police stop a pick - up and check the driver 's identity as well as the contents of his cab .
This roadblock is part of a police operation to seek out urban rebels in this area notorious for its guerilla presence .
Many nearby buildings are decorated with rebel perfidy and murals , celebrating Latin American revolutionaries .
Just a few blocks away the former police station sits in rubble .
The police abandoned the station after repeated guerilla attacks .
At a soccer field , just 25 yards away from the roadblock , a police unit has gathered over 30 suspects to bring in for background checks .
Hydo Perez , who is in charge at this police investigation , says the neighborhood is dangerous because of the way the guerillas sometimes react to the police presence .
They think this is their territory .
When we arrive , they feel invaded and then indiscriminately shoot at us or set bombs and the people are afraid that they will get caught in the middle of a clash .
In the back room where the funeral followed , police investigators survey the corpse of the beautiful 16 - year - old girl killed by suspected guerillas .
They turned and twisted her limp body to inspect the bullet wounds .
These men have seen all types of victims , students , housewives , taxi drivers and businessmen among others , but this one hits the police hard because of her age .
She is so young , one of them comments , too young to die in this country 's unrelenting civil war .
For The World , I am Steven Dudley in Beranka Bremeha , Columbia .
The UN Security Council has agreed to impose further sanctions against the Taliban administration in Afghanistan .
The new sanctions , including an arms embargo , were proposed by the US and Russia .
They accused the Taliban of supporting international terrorism .
They also want Afghanistan to hand over the Saudi born militant , Osama Bin Laden .
BBC News for The World .
I am Gregor Cragey .
The UN is warning millions of people face starvation in North Korea unless foreign aid is dramatically increased .
The UN 's World Food Program says a whole generation of children is growing up malnourished and others do n't even survive that long .
Clare Dule reports .
North Korea 's political climate may be improving , but its economy is on the brink of collapse .
Many of its 22 million citizens face starvation if foreign aid contributions do n't rise significantly next year .
The World Food Program warns that a generation of children are going to grow up malnourished and they are the lucky ones .
Many may not survive at all .
This year 's harvest was poorer than at the height of the famine in 1997 .
Hit by drought at planting time and typhoons during harvesting , the country will have to rely on serial imports to feed its population .
Clare Dule , BBC News , Geneva .
You want tight harmony singing ?
How about these guys ?
President Fidel Castro of Cuba and Hugo Chavez of Venezuela made beautiful music together , well , maybe not so beautiful music but they did break into song yesterday on Chavez 's call in radio show .
Castro had more to sing about today , before returning home to Cuba .
He learned that Venezuela has agreed to provide Cuba with cheap oil .
As for Chavez , he is singing a different more aggressive tune these days .
As The World 's Maria Soreas reports from Caracas , the Venezuelan leader is pushing parliament to pass an enabling law that would grant him special powers .
The enabling law will give President Chavez the right to legislate by decree , which means he could rush dozens of laws through parliament , not just economic and financial reforms , but also laws dealing with security and the creation of a new national police force .
Responding to his critics , Chavez recently defended his bid for power in a televized speech .
I do n't think the matter is exceptional .
The enabling law is a constitutional measure within a normal economic social and political situation .
What 's one of its purposes ?
Well , to accelerate solutions to our many problems .
Although many members of Venezuela 's National Assembly are grumbling about the enabling law , Haber Cuniket professor of political science at Desimum Boulevard University has no doubt they will give Chavez , what he wants .
Given that he has already controlled a majority of the National Assembly , it is very likely that the law will be passed and the general feeling is that there is a hurry in approving the legislation because the President seems to feel that he is running out of time with the popular support he has gotten ever since 1998 .
Cuniket says , there has been a lot of public pressure on Chavez to live up to his many campaign promises , such as distributing land and wealth more equally among Venezuelans .
Deputies from the opposition are voicing their discontent .
Beneta Tikong belongs to a party called Democratic Action .
Tikong says , her party is radically opposed to giving Chavez the special powers .
She says , the constitution can grant leaders such concentrated authority but it 's only supposed to be used in cases of emergency .
Granting Chavez special powers also concerns Professor Kenike , who says the President 's deputies will contribute by giving him even more power .
What is worrisome is that the President will be with extreme powers and he will be almost like a king , able to decide whatever he wants .
He has been very hard against governors and mayors throughout the country and he seemed to prefer centralized kind of government than a decentralized one .
Centralizing power under Chavez seems risky to many .
The United States is already leery of the unpredictable leader , who is hosting Cuba 's Fidel Castro and has visited Iraq 's Saddam Hussein .
As President of OPEC , he has struck at oil consuming nations like the U.S .
At the last OPEC summit , Chavez called soaring prices for oil fair , giving nations like the U.S. charge for the products they sell .
Meanwhile , Venezuelans fear that once their Assembly grants Chavez special powers , the President will have one full year to pass nearly 40 new laws and then he can ask for an extension to continue ruling by decree .
For The World , I am Mario Soreas in Caracas .
This is The World .
I am Lisa Mullins .
British police are puzzling over an item of stolen property which has just been recovered .
It 's the famous German wartime coding machine named ' Enigma ' .
The machine was stolen six months ago from a museum that is north of London where Britain 's wartime code breakers had their headquarters .
The World 's Stephen Beard reports on how a half - century after it last saw active service , the ' Enigma ' is still creating mystery .
Born in secrecy before the Second World War , the Enigma coding machine has always been a source of intrigue .
The latest chapter in a long and convoluted story opened yesterday afternoon when a prominent BBC TV newsman , Jeremy Paxman , received a suspicious package .
It was a big - big cardboard box wrapped in parcel tape , inside , which was double - wrapped .
Inside that was another box which was also wrapped in parcel tape .
Inside that was more bubble wrap , and finally inside a third package was this wooden box .
The moment I had opened it about an inch , I thought , God , it is the missing Enigma machine .
The Enigma coding machine in question , which looks like an old - fashioned typewriter went missing last April from a glass case here at the Bletchley Park Museum .
It 's a particularly rare version .
Last month the curator , Christine Lodge , began receiving a series of bizarre coded letters demanding an equivalent of 35,000 dollars for the return of the machine .
We 've just taken the letters absolutely on face value and there is someone called ' the master ' involved .
There seems to be at least one other person who is an intermediary .
Beyond that we know nothing .
The letters from " the master " purportedly came from someone who innocently bought the Enigma and then discovered subsequently , it was stolen .
He wanted 35,000 dollars to cover his loss .
If he did n't get the money , he said he would destroy the machine .
This cloak - and - dagger episode matches the history of Enigma .
Despite its clunking sound it was one of Hitler 's secret weapons .
Most of his military communications were encoded with machines like this .
His confidence was not surprising , says John Gallohock , archivist at the Bletchley Park Museum .
The message writing process of each Enigma is mind - bogglingly complex .
You have got these three rotors each with 26 positions , 26 x 26 x 26 .
There are different rotors .
These are all differently wired .
You have got three out of a set of five in different orders , 60 different combinations , and you have got ten stuck - up plugins here , out of 26 , that will add two million - million different combinations .
The total number of settings was a 150 million - million - million , but armed with some stolen code books and one or two of the machines a small army of brilliant mathematicians based here at Bletchley Park cracked the code and eavesdropped on German communications .
This breakthrough says Peter Westco , a museum trustee , had a decisive impact on the course of the war .
This is what gave us the edge , the intelligence of what the enemy were up to , what they were going to do , and this is , of course , what helped to reduce the war period by two to two - and - a half years , saving lives of all nations throughout the world .
This story does not yet have a happy ending however .
The stolen Enigma machine returned by mail to the BBC is missing three of its coding wheel .
Without them says Peter Hamer , an Enigma expert , the machine has lost much of its value .
The machine just does n't work without them and since this machine is almost unique , I know of only one other machine of this type in existence , you ca n't simply substitute any Enigma wheel of the many thousands that exist from the other machines .
Museum staff will not comment on claims that ' the master ' has now demanded 35,000 dollars to return the wheels .
The package containing the stolen machine does n't apparently hold any clues .
It was signed by a P. Smith from a fictitious address in Birmingham , 312 , Santos Road .
312 is the machine 's serial number .
To quote Churchill , this for the time being must remain a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an Enigma .
For The World , this is Stephen Beard in London .
Not a whole lot happens in Dornoch , but tomorrow the small Scottish town will be the center of the universe .
At least that 's the conclusion you might reach from seeing the hundreds of journalists and photographers camped out there .
They are all vying for the story of the millennium , which is , as if you did n't know , tomorrow 's wedding of singer Madonna and filmmaker Guy Ritchie .
This amazing , thrilling and fantastic story began today with the christening of the couple 's four - month old boy ' Rocco . '
Reporter Garith McClain is covering the story for the London based Guardian newspaper .
Now Garith it sounds like the Scottish media have all gone mad .
Why this interest in an American pop star ?
We are surprised that we have such an American pop star in Scotland itself , never mind up in Dornoch which is near Inverness , which is the back of beyond even to most Scottish people .
I think it 's like the wilds of Washington State .
I think it 's the best comparison I can make .
So you are saying there are n't Hollywood stars and starlets there , there is not a whole lot going on .
Just the howling wind and the pouring rain otherwise .
And a lot of fog I guess now .
Apparently , it 's going to be hard to get a good camera angle for the wedding .
Apparently so , yes , and the guests have been warned not to keep cameras in their kilts .
Cameras in their kilts ?
Yes .
If one would so desire .
Well apparently , photo lens in your pocket or are you just pleased to see me .
Yes , guests have been warned not to bring in cameras in their kilts and people are having their kilts examined and looked up , which if you know anything about Scotland and Scottish men are n't suppose to wear anything under their kilts .
Yeah .
A bit of an eyeful .
Yes , I can .
He 's got a camera there !
That 's an interesting little anecdote , is n't it ?
Well , when this sort of thing happens in a small community and I guess that 's a under statement in this case , whether or not it all succeeds depends on how well some of the local people can keep secrets .
Are people kind of , you know , in the fold on this , or are there things being leaked around to press here and there ?
Well Skibo Castle , where the wedding is being held , is very discrete .
There have been a lot of celebrity weddings there but none as big as this admittedly .
But within the town there was a piano being rented out from a piano shop in Aberdeen , which is sort of reasonably nearby and it was leaked that this was the piano that someone was going to play at the wedding .
Reportedly , it was Elton John who was going to play a song for Guy and the shop was inundated when this was leaked and people just wanting to touch the piano that was going to be in the same room as Madonna and Guy Ritchie .
I imagine the locals could be kind of swooning for quite a while because Sting , who I guess might be singing at the wedding , his wife introduced the couple .
Brad Pitt , Gwyneth Paltrow , Robin Williams , George Clooney , any other people around there are specially fond of ?
Well , I think that is the most unusual thing about it .
I mean I have some friends who live up in there next to the woods and people are just surprised that they would choose this little tiny village in Scotland .
It is the juxtaposition of that glamour , I mean a Gwyneth Paltrow in Inverness .
It just does n't sound what they are thinking about .
And , of course , Stella McCartney is there too and apparently Celine Dion .
But it is pretty amazing , all these Hollywood stars in this quiet , sleepy village that is n't really famous for anything .
So this must be a real boom to the local economy ?
Oh absolutely , I mean it 's been estimated that 3 million pounds , which is about 5 million dollars , will be made over the next few weeks in Dornoch just from journalists and celebrities and sort of sightseers I guess coming to see where Madonna got married .
Gosh , this must be you know about five thousand times the local budget there .
Yeah , absolutely .
I do n't think they 'll know what to do with all that money out there .
There is only so many sheep you can buy .
But the Scottish Tourist Board are also planning on cashing in on it and they 're estimating some 60 million dollars will be made over the next few years , just with people coming to see the sight of Madonna and Guy 's wedding .
Garith McClain , covering the Madonna - Guy Ritchie wedding for the London based Guardian newspaper speaking to us from Edinburgh , Scotland .
Thank you , Garith .
Thank you .
Meanwhile , Israeli and Palestinian negotiators are due in Washington to discuss a possible resumption of their peace negotiations .
Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Barak is fighting to achieve some kind of peace deal with the Palestinians ahead of the election , and he is expressing a cautious optimism .
It 's too early to predict and like all of you we are hopeful to have resumption of negotiations in the appropriate time based on reduction in the level of violence and on goodwill , on negotiation , good faith from both sides .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators will hold separate meetings with US officials .
Neither side is ruling out the prospect of a new peace summit before President Clinton leaves office , a possibility that was stressed by the representative of the PLO in Washington , Hasan Abdul Rehman .
The whole purpose of those efforts here in Washington is really to pursue the discussions under the auspices of the United States government with President Clinton .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is due to discuss the situation with President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt tomorrow .
In Miami today the trial of five men accused of being spies for Fidel Castro got underway .
Prosecutors say the men ran a sophisticated eavesdropping operation .
It served as the Cuban government 's eyes and ears in South Florida .
In Havana Cuban television took little note of this development .
It was busy celebrating the 7th birthday today of a certain little boy named Elian .
Last night Cubans retreated to never - before seen footage of Elian Gonzalez 's first encounter with President Fidel Castro .
The scene was filmed five months ago , shortly after the shipwreck victim returned to Cuba following a heated international custody battle .
He 'd spent 7 months in the home of Miami relatives who tried to prevent the boy 's return , but on that day last summer Elian was indeed as far from Miami as you can get .
The scene shows Fidel Castro in his traditional olive green uniform presenting the boy with a gift , a children 's book written by Cuban independence hero Jose Marti .
As Elian looks up speechlessly , Castro tells him to take care of the book because he will enjoy it for the rest of his life .
At one point Castro leans over and kisses the boy on the hand .
A year ago today , Elian was celebrating his birthday in the United States being showered with gifts by his Florida relatives and very much in the media spotlight .
By contrast Castro has strictly limited the media 's access to the boy , but that policy seems to have changed now with foreign reporters invited to attend Elian 's birthday party today in his hometown of Cardinas , Cuba .
Several Islamic groups are claiming responsibility for the attacks in Yemen on a US destroyer and the British embassy .
Seventeen sailors died when an explosion ripped a hole into the USS Cole in the port of Aden yesterday .
The BBC 's Barbara Platt reports .
A previously unknown group calling itself ` Martyrs of the Oaxa Mosque Uprising ' said it had bombed the US destroyer to defend Islamic honor and to avenge the blood of Palestinians killed by Israelis with America 's blessing .
Arab anger at the high Palestinian death toll and overwhelming Israeli force is also directed at the United States , which is seen as biased towards Israel , and Britain is often associated with American policies here .
A second group called ` Mohammed 's Army ' said it carried out both the ship and the embassy attacks and that it planned to bomb all US and British embassies .
Barbara Platt in Aden .
Two American professors will share this year 's Noble Prize in Economics .
They are James Heckman of the University of Chicago and Daniel Mcfedden of the University of California , Berkeley .
NPR 's John Edsty reports .
The Nobel Committee said the two were awarded the prize for their work in micro-econometrics , which combined economics and statistics .
As friends and colleagues , Heckman and Mcfedden developed and exchanged ideas over a period of 30 years .
According to Mcfedden , their work is closely related and the common theme is the use of economic theory to study individual behaviour .
Heckmann is best known for labour force studies , including how married women decide whether to work .
Mcfedden has created models aimed at figuring out how people make life 's big choices , like when to get married and how many children to have .
Mcfedden says , he will use his half of the 915,000 dollar prize to support his farm in Northern California 's wine country .
Heckman is currently travelling in Brazil .
John Edsty , NPR News , Washington .
More torrential rain in Southern Vietnam is hampering relief efforts for thousands of flood victims .
Many of them are stranded amid scenes of desolation .
More than 200 people have died , most of them children .
Owen Benajones reports .
A significant proportion of the Mekong delta is now under water .
In upstream areas near the border with Cambodia , the water level is declining but it 's doing so very slowly , partly because of the new torrential rains , and as the water moves downstream towards the sea , the flood is spreading ever wider , and in some places getting still deeper .
The authorities have started building sandbag walls to protect the main road into Vietnam 's commercial capital , Ho Chi Min City .
The Red Cross estimates that as things stand , around 50,000 families are in need of assistance .
Owen Benajones , BBC News , Hanoi .
The Navy has changed its account of the attack on the USS Cole in Yemen .
Officials now say the ship was hit nearly two hours after it had docked .
Initially the Navy said the explosion occurred while several boats were helping the ship to tie up .
The change raises new questions about how the attackers were able to get past the Navy security .
Documented .
From NPR News in Washington , I 'm Corey Flintoff .
A Florida state judge has ordered local election officials to ship thousands of ballots to the state capital .
The move comes as the judge decides whether to order a recount of those ballots in the presidential election .
NPR 's Steve Inski was in the courtroom .
Steve , what are the issues that came up in this hearing tonight ?
Corey Judge N. Sander Sauls is deciding whether to order a recount as you said of those ballots , 9000 or more actually from Miami Dade County that apparently were never counted at all , at least according to the Democrats in the presidential election and about 3300 ballots from Palm Beach County that were considered by local officials but then thrown out , disallowed .
Judge Sauls is deciding whether to count those ballots and go through them and perhaps add some votes to Al Gore 's final total , which is exactly what the Democrats want .
He is not ready to do that yet .
He did not agree to the Democratic proposal to begin counting tomorrow morning but he has ordered that the ballots be shipped up .
Later this week , Miami Police apparently are going to escort them up to Tallahassee and they will be ready to be counted if the judge decides at a later time to do so .
Now time is a big consideration from here .
What 's the judge 's timetable ?
Not as fast as the Democrats would like , not as slowly as Republicans would prefer .
He is going to order a major hearing on Saturday to review all the legal and evidentiary issues , look at evidence , perhaps hear from witnesses and after that the judge will decide if there are any ballots to count .
It might take another five days or so to do it .
Neither side seemed particularly pleased by the timetable but the judge said , well , I am going to make everybody equally unhappy .
Thank you .
NPR 's Steven Inksi reporting from Tallahassee , Florida .
As the battle over votes goes on in Florida , Washington State is in the middle of recounting the votes cast in its very tight US Senate race .
Jennifer Nesan reports from member station KPLU in Seattle .
The recount of the votes cast for Democrat Maria Catwell and Republican senator Slate Gordon is calm and organized .
The state 's Elections Director Garry Macintosh says the process is about as exciting as watching paint dry .
There are a lot of things about the election 's process I think that are fairly complex .
This is n't probably one of them .
Catwell leads Republican incumbent Slate Gordon by fewer than 2000 votes .
At this point neither of the candidates plan to contest any of the votes .
State law requires a recount when the margin of victory is less than one half of 1 percent .
The recount is expected to be completed by the end of the week .
No statewide recount in Washington has ever changed the initial outcome .
For NPR News , I 'm Jennifer Nesan in Seattle .
Eight more people were killed today in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , four Palestinians and four Israelis .
A Palestinian ambush on an Israeli settler convoy is the latest escalation in nearly seven weeks of conflict .
NPR 's Jennifer Laden reports .
The convoy was travelling near the West Bank city of Ramallah on a stretch of road controlled by the Israeli military .
The Israeli spokesman said there were two simultaneous attacks at an intersection .
A witness described a civilian car and Israeli Army bus riddled with dozens of bullets .
The attack is the latest sign of a shift in the Palestinian uprising from daytime demonstrations by stone throwing youth to nighttime guerilla - style action .
An Israeli government spokesman calls it warfare and Army officials warned they will stiffen their response further .
The attacks were largely carried out by Yasser Arafat 's police and security organizations .
They have received weapons from Israel under past peace accords .
Jennifer Laden , NPR News , Jerusalem .
An apparent attack on a US warship has left at least six American sailors dead and about 35 injured .
The explosion came as the guided - missile destroyer USS Cole was refueling at a port in Yemen .
NPR 's Chad Pergram reports .
Both the White House and the Pentagon said the attack appeared to be an act of terrorism .
President Clinton immediately whisked to the region investigative teams from the FBI , the Pentagon and the State Department .
The attack comes as US forces in the Middle East have been placed on a heightened state of alert after days of clashes between Israelis and Palestinians .
Defense Secretary William Cohen said the US would continue to protect its interests around the globe .
No one should doubt our resolve to remain a force for peace and for stability and no one should assume that they can force us to retreat .
No one should assume they can attack us with impunity .
The Cole had just arrived in the harbor for a refueling stop .
Officials say men aboard this small boat had been assisting the Cole with mooring lines just before the blast .
Chad Pergram , NPR News , Washington .
President Clinton was back in Ireland today during the first leg of a 3 - day trip that will also take him to Belfast and London .
He is looking ways to encourage the peace process in Northern Ireland .
NPR 's Marianne McGuire reports from Belfast .
After shopping in Dublin and drinking a pint of Guinness in a pub , President Clinton traveled to the Irish border for an evening ceremony .
More than 60,000 people parked the square in the center of Dundalk , a border town .
In a carnival atmosphere , people from north and south of the island thanked the President for his efforts in the peace process .
Mr. Clinton appealed to them to continue supporting the peace accords .
And I ask you stand up for peace today , tomorrow , and the rest of your lives .
But many problems remain in the peace process .
The President will discuss such issues Wednesday when he meets the key players of the peace accord in Belfast .
From NPR News I am Marianne McGuire .
The Israeli Army has imposed a complete blockade of the part of the West Bank under the control of the Palestinian Authority .
No entry to or exit from the territory is to be allowed except for humanitarian cases .
The move comes at the end of a day of intense violence across the West Bank in which 10 people were killed , 7 Palestinians and 3 Israelis .
This is The World , I am Lisa Mullins .
The Yemeni coastline is a sear for terrorists , but it was the best option available for refueling ships .
That 's what General Anthony Zinni told the Senate Arms Services Committee hearing today .
Zinny was in charge of the US Central Command at the time of the Pentagon contracted for refueling services in the Yemeni port of Aden in December of 1998 .
Today he took full responsibility for that decision saying I pass that buck on to nobody .
In Yemen officials say they now have a description of one of the suicide bombers and that mounting evidence suggests that the plot to bomb the USS Cole may have originated in a remote corner of Yemen .
The World 's Katy Clark has the latest on the investigation .
Yemeni security officials today said that during a search earlier this week of an Aden apartment that turned out bomb making equipment , investigators also found documents they believe originated in the eastern Yemeni province of Hydra Mount .
The region is home to several tribal groups that have been known to kidnap foreigners for ransom .
Security officials also linked documents found in the vehicle believed to be used by the attackers to the region .
Today Yemeni investigators went to the province of Hydra Mount hoping to identify the two men who used the apartment .
They have n't been seen since the bombing a week ago .
FBI director , Louis Freeh visited Yemen today to view the investigation first hand .
After meeting with Yemen 's President Free told a news conference that the FBI 's role there is strictly supports .
The investigation is being run by the Yemeni police and security authorities .
We are the junior partner .
We are very pleased with the progress of the investigation .
In fact I complimented the President for the very good investigative work they have done , particularly in finding several locations which we feel may be relevant to the case .
The FBI director also toured the wreckage of the USS Cole and described it as a tangled mass of metal and wire .
Free said that the situation on board is a recovery mission as much as it is a crime scene .
When asked who he suspected was behind the attack , Free cautioned it 's still too soon to draw conclusions .
We do n't want to be speculating .
What we want to be doing now is investigating and that 's what we do , though we do it best if we do it based on the facts .
Facts , which appear to be growing clearer with each day .
Speaking on Arabic satellite television yesterday President Ali Abdullah Saleh said investigators have found a workshop they believe was used to build the engine for the boat that transported the explosives out to the Cole .
They have also interviewed eye witnesses and put together a composite sketch of one of the suicide bombers .
The Yemeni President said he has a beard and wears glasses but we do n't know the description of the other person .
The question here is , are they Yemeni nationals ?
The documents show they are from Hydra Mount .
President Sallah described the attack as an octopus of an operation and said it was clear it had been carefully planned .
Closer to home , the Senate Arms Services Committee today began an examination of the policy that allowed the Cole to dock in Yemen .
The Pentagon will be staging its own independent investigation into circumstances surrounding the bombing and today named retired Navy Admiral Harold Geeman and retired Army General William Crouch to lead that probe .
For the World I am Katy Clark .
A Moscow summit on Yugoslavia may be some way off as President Putin has arrived in India for a four - day visit .
Russia 's relationship with India has wilted to some extent in recent years and after President Clinton 's visit to India in March , the emphasis has been more on developing ties between Delhi and Washington .
Michael Ridge reports .
There has been no visit by a Russian leader to India for nearly eight years , but Mr. Putin has been emphasizing before this visit that it did n't mean Moscow had abandoned india .
Mr. Putin has said he wants to see Russia and India pool their efforts on combating international terrorism and pullegisic extremism .
India will be keen to do the same and the area of mutual interests as expected to be discussed this week is Afghanistan and the extent of Taliban 's influence in central Asia and in Kashmir .
Michael Ridge , BBC News , Delhi .
From BBC News in London , I 'm James Kowling for The World .
It 's a day of accusation and counter-accusation amid widespread violence in the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
The worst clashes took place between Palestinians and Israelis in the West Bank towns of Ramallah and Nabulas .
Palestinian leaders are accusing the Israelis of embarking on a killing rampage .
The Israelis in turn are accusing the Palestinian leadership of failing to meet today 's deadline for ending the violence .
John Line has more .
Just as the cease - fire was supposed to be taking hold , some of the most brutal clashes erupted .
In the West Bank town of Nabulas , Palestinian demonstrators were involved in what was a relatively routine demonstration .
Suddenly gunfire broke out .
It 's not clear who started it .
As the demonstrators scattered there was a prolonged gunfight , and this evening Israeli helicopter gun ships have used their machine guns in a confrontation near the town of Bethlehem .
Amidst this tension , a busload of Israeli soldiers apparently took a wrong turning into a Palestinian area in the West Bank town of Tukaram .
The Israelis say Palestinian police opened fire causing a number of injuries .
John Line , BBC , Jerusalem .
The Palestinian faction headed by Yasser Arafat said today that , it will avenge the deaths of four of its members who were killed today by Israeli soldiers .
Later in the day , a car bombing in the northern Israeli town of Hadera , killed two people and injured at least 50 .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak said he would retaliate .
Corey Flintoff , NPR News , Washington .
Finally , Yasser Arafat has ordered Palestinians to stop shooting at Israeli targets from Palestinian controlled territory , but Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak says words are not enough .
He says Israel is waiting for action .
BBC News for The World .
I am Gregor Cragey .
From BBC News in London , I am Gregor Craigy for The World .
A Singapore Airlines 747 flying from Taiwan to Los Angeles has crashed .
Flight SQ006 was carrying 179 passengers and crew when it crashed in flames shortly after takeoff .
At least 65 people are known to have been killed and around 30 passengers remain unaccounted for .
David Chezan reports .
Survivors from the Singapore Airlines flight described how the plane was taxing down the runway when there was a loud noise and the aircraft split in two .
An American passenger said he had almost decided not to board the plane because of what he called unbelievable wind and rain .
Survivors described how the tail section turned over several times , leaving passengers hanging by their safety belts .
Some were quickly engulfed by flames .
One survivor described seeing a man , as he put it , " lit up like a torch . "
" Flames shot up right next to me and there was jet fuel all over the place , " he said .
David Chezan , BBC News .
The bodies of 2 more American sailors were recovered today from the USS Cole in the Yemeni port of Aden .
US officials are on the scene and continuing their investigations into the explosion that killed 17 crewmembers on board the Cole last thursday .
Today there are reports that police in Aden questioned the landlord of an apartment where bomb - making equipment was found and whose occupants may have carried out the suicide attack against the warship .
Also today at the Cole 's homeport in Norfolk , Virginia , President Clinton led a memorial service for those who died aboard the Cole .
The service began with the playing of the national anthem .
The President asked all Americans to take a moment to thank the men and women of the military .
Today we honor our finest young people , fallen soldiers who rose to freedom 's challenge .
We mourn their loss , celebrate their lives , and offer the love and prayers of a grateful nation to their families .
Mr. Clinton mentioned the name of each of the 17 victims and praised the courage and character of the men and women who serve in the armed forces , and he delivered this clear message for those who carry out attacks on members of US military .
For those who attacked them we say you will not found the safe harbour .
We will find you and justice will prevail .
America will not stop standing guard for peace , or freedom , or stability in the Middle East and around the world .
At the end of the somber ceremony , President Clinton asked everyone to join him in a moment of silence followed by the Navy hymn Pantaps .
Two leading allies of Slobodan Milosevic have resigned their government positions .
The Yugoslav Prime Minister and the Serbian Interior Minister were both seen as key figures in the deposed President 's regime .
From Belgrade , Jacky Rowland reports .
It 's been a day of further blows for Slobodan Milosevic who only last Friday spoke of plans to rebuild his party and stage a political comeback .
Two of his allies have been forced out of positions in the state apparatus .
Amid applause and laughter in the Serbian parliament , the powerful Interior Minister Vlico Stwilkivich resigned .
His departure will open the way for the new President , Vojislav Kostunica to rein in the police force , which has traditionally been a staunch defender of Mr. Milosevic .
In another development , the Yugoslav Prime Minister Momer Bolatavich has also stepped down .
Jacky Rowland , BBC News , Belgrade .
If Saddam Hussein was America 's public enemy number one in the early nineties he lost the dubious distinction to Slobodan Milosevic in the latter part of the decade .
The Yugoslav strongman started four Balkan wars and eventually provoked the United States to lead Nato into a successful bombing campaign against Serbia .
Milosevic got his this past fall losing elections in September and being ousted in October .
His Socialist Party will try and probably fail to retain power in Parliament when Serb voters go to the polls this saturday .
The BBC 's Jacky Roland reports on the fading prospects of Slobodan Milosevic .
Surrounded by bodyguards Slobodan Milosevic arrives at a special meeting of his Socialist Party to discuss election tactics .
He suffered a humiliating defeat back in September and the opinion polls predict another trouncing on Saturday , but his supporters are trying to put on a brave face .
They voted overwhelmingly to keep him as party President .
I asked a senior party official Branislav Ivkovic why they were keeping a leader who was such an obvious vote loser .
Everybody asked me about President Milosevic .
Leave him alone .
It is true he is the President of Social Party , but Social Party of Serbia has 400,000 members .
Ordinary people , family people but everybody of you want to know about President Milosevic , and strangely enough the young people of Serbia do n't seem to care about their former President .
There is no talk of revenge among the drinkers at this bar in Belgrade .
They are just glad to see the back of him .
I am not interested about Slobodan Milosevic any more and I do n't really want to know what will happen to him .
We must go on .
Our people and our country want to forget that name and never speak it again any more .
The Socialist Party will be lucky to win more than a few seats in Parliament .
The Party has retreated into a parallel reality .
Its television commercials depict a world that barely exists any more .
Happy peasants in the mountains cut their grass using scythes .
The former ruling party seems to have lost touch completely with ordinary voters .
The man who used to be Information Minister Goran Matic says it is only a matter of time before they will be back in power .
I am convinced that in two or three years time we will win elections and be back in government again , not because I want to be in power or a minister but because it 's in the interest of the citizens of our country .
And it is clear that Milosevic and his wife have not given up their ambitions .
He recently appeared on Serbian television in a two - hour interview , while she has taken up her seat in the Federal Parliament .
The former Yugoslav President Zoran Lilic has recently left the Socialist Party .
He warns that it is too early to write off Milosevic .
You can be sure he is still pulling all his political strings .
He has only one aim , to return to the political scene and anyone who thinks otherwise is underestimating him .
Slobodan Milosevic still wins applause from the party faithful , but the international community says there is only one place for him , at the War Crimes Tribunal in The Hague .
Whether he 'll end up there is another matter .
The new leaders of Serbia shy away from questions about extraditing the former President .
They say the best place for him to stand trial would be before his own people .
For The World , I am Jacky Roland in Belgrade .
From BBC News in London , I am Gregor Cragy for The World .
The US Supreme Court has held a hearing to decide whether to intervene in the dispute over the presidential election results .
Judith Spencer reports on the legal wrangling that is underway .
Inside the stately Supreme Court building , lawyers for Republican George W. Bush and Democrat Al Gore argued over the validity of hand re-counts in the crucial state of Florida , just as Ruth Bater Ginsburg pressed Bush 's lawyer to explain why the Federal High Court should intervene in the Florida Supreme Court 's move to extend the deadline for finishing the re-counts .
When we read a state court decision , we should read it in the light most favorable to the integrity of the State Supreme Court .
But later on , Justice Sandra Day O'Connor suggested the state court might have been out of line .
The legislature had very clearly said , you know , 7 days after , that 's the date and it just does look like very dramatic change made by the Florida court .
The US Supreme Court could rule on the matter as early as tomorrow .
For The World , I am Judith Spencer in Washington .
Meanwhile , the Florida Supreme Court has rejected an emergency appeal from Al Gore for an immediate re-count of thousands of disputed ballots from Palm Beach and Miami Dade counties .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak opened parliament today with only a minority government behind him , but with a promise of support that could keep his government operating for at least a month .
An ultra-orthodox party said it will support Barak 's dwindling coalition for 30 days when he negotiates with the right wing Likud Party in an effort to form a government of national unity .
Meanwhile , violence between Israeli troops and Palestinian demonstrators stretched into its 33rd day .
Gunmen killed an Israeli guard and a missing Israeli was found murdered on the outskirts of Jerusalem .
Israeli troops wounded more than 40 Palestinians .
Five Palestinians were killed yesterday bringing the overall death toll to more than 140 .
This is NPR News .
From NPR News in Washington , I am Corey Flintoff .
Israeli Army helicopters rocketed targets in the West Bank and Gaza today striking close to Yasser Arafat 's headquarters and injuring at least a dozen people .
Israel said the attacks were in retaliation for the killings of at least two Israeli reservers who apparently became lost in the Palestinian town of Ramallah .
They sought refuge with Palestinian police but were later stabbed to death by a mob that stormed the police station .
The violence dealt another blow to the peace process .
Egypt condemned Israel 's attacks today and said it has the approval of other Arab states to host a summit with the Palestinians and Israelis only if the violence stops .
Dale Gavlak reports from Cairo .
Foreign Minister Amre Moussa said Egypt is angry but this can not stop it from taking action from saving the peace process and ending attacks on the Palestinians .
We can not accept what happened today .
We can not accept it under any circumstances .
This is indeed a big blow to the peace process , a big blow to the relations in the region , a big blow to the stability in the Middle East .
This has to cease .
This has to stop and you have to stop it in a way that would bring together the parties concerned and get the necessary commitments from both , from them .
Moussa said Egypt has been in contact with President Clinton about a meeting to call the parties to examine the situation and turn it around .
He added that Egypt can not sit tight and let the crisis continue .
For NPR News I am Dale Gavlak in Cairo .
The Mid East peace talks in Washington reportedly took a turn for the worse today .
Two senior Palestinian officials accused Israel of backtracking on proposals aimed at resolving the future of Jerusalem .
Israel denied the accusation .
In the Middle East , the continuing violence seems to underline the urgency of the talks .
At least four more people were killed in the West Bank and Gaza Strip with both sides blaming each other for the bloodshed .
The World 's Richard Myron is in Tel Aviv now .
Richard , describe what 's been happening today .
Well , we have had unfortunately what we term a busy day here today , including a suicide bombing in a Jewish settlement in the northern part of the West Bank .
What apparently happened was that a Palestinian went in to a roadside restaurant and he blew himself up critically injuring a number of people .
Elsewhere , in the West Bank and Gaza there have been deaths of Palestinians .
One Palestinian was apparently shot , so the Israeli Army claims , by Palestinian fire .
He was working in the greenhouse in a Jewish settlement .
Elsewhere , a number of other Palestinians were killed in clashes with Israeli forces .
So it has been an unfortunately , as I say , busy and bloody day here , and this was happening on the last Friday in Ramadan , which is a very important day for Muslim prayer .
Was there any trouble today around the holy sites in Jerusalem ?
The trouble was very limited .
There were some scuffles , there was a little bit of stone throwing and at one point the Western War Plaza , the area that stands in front of the Jewish holy site of the West Moor was cleared , it is adjacent to the Muslim site of the Haram al - Sharif or Temple Mount .
This was cleared because of some stone throwing .
It was fairly limited .
The Israeli police and security forces have acted in the past few weeks to try and ensure that they have as much control as possible drafting in 3000 policemen and security officials , also not allowing Palestinians in from the West Bank .
They must be 45 years and over to enter the Old City , if they are from Jerusalem , 35 years and older .
So it has limited the numbers inside , and therefore the amount of trouble , but there was some scuffle and it was expected in a way that there would be certainly tension and a little bit of trouble there today .
Of course , all of this is happening against the backdrop of peace talks in Washington , which are in their fourth day today .
What about people on the ground there where you are ?
Are they hopeful something might come out of this ?
Are they even paying heed to what is happening in Washington ?
I think people are paying heed because I think people realize that there is a sense that it could happen .
There is a great sense of urgency here .
They are really berserk .
The security situation has deteriorated to a very bad level and could deteriorate yet further unless there is some kind of agreement .
Having said that , I think there is really a great sense of pessimism amongst both sides .
Talking of the Israeli side first of all , the middle ground in Israel , I think , feels very disappointed and to some extent disillusioned with the Palestinians and does n't feel that there is much of a possibility for an honest deal .
They do n't trust the other side .
I think they may want the deal to happen , but they do n't trust the intentions of the other side .
The Palestinians for their part , I think , are deeply pessimistic .
They have mistrusted the Israelis throughout this process and have viewed the process as one , which has gradually robbed them of their rights , and I think they see any agreement as a sellout .
So basically neither side enters this with a great sense of hope , but I think both sides ultimately recognize that in a way if they are to have some kind of agreement or if they are to live with each other , they have either got to do it by negotiation or by blood and I think obviously most people would rather live with each other in peace , the peace which can be found through negotiations .
It sounds then as if there is not necessarily a big willingness at this point to compromise any more than there was earlier , especially as President Clinton comes in to speak with the negotiators tomorrow .
Well , I am speaking of the people , amongst the leadership I think there may be a tendency to compromise .
We have heard reports that the Israelis are willing , or at least the two sides are close to a deal on Jerusalem i.e. that the Palestinians would get sovereignty over East Jerusalem , which is what they have claimed is justly theirs and what they want , and there is also a talk of borders and the refugees being discussed .
There is a great sense of urgency , I think that a deal should be reached .
The Israelis are particularly keen with the forthcoming election .
I think , this Israeli government wants to deliver to the people a deal so that has something to get the electorate with .
The Palestinians , some could argue , are in a better negotiating position , but equally then if they are faced with the prospect of the Prime Ministership of the right wing leader Ariel Sharon , they may judge that this is the best time to do a deal equally .
The World 's Richard Myron speaking to us from Tel Aviv .
Thank you Richard for the update .
Thank you , Lisa .
American businessman Edmund Pope today formally asked Russian President Vladimir Putin for a pardon .
Pope was sentenced yesterday to 20 years hard labor after a Moscow court found him guilty of spying .
Prosecutors said Pope had illegally obtained classified blueprints for a new Russian high - speed torpedo .
Pope , whose company analyzes foreign maritime equipment , has maintained his innocence .
He is the first American citizen to be jailed for espionage since the end of the Cold War .
The World 's Nenad Chebeck is in Moscow .
Nenad , yesterday Mr. Pope was sentenced despite an appeal for clemency by President Clinton .
Why has he taken this legal option ?
Does he have no confidence in the courts ?
Well , I would say it is pretty clear that he has no confidence in the Russian judicial system .
He did have an option of appealing to the Russian Supreme Court but frankly this is a more likely and a faster way to freedom , I would say , because going through the appeals process is going to take months .
He is known to be of ill health .
He definitely wants to get out of the Lefortovo Prison and it would appear by the latest signs that it is going to be the right way .
Going through an appeals court would take a lot of time and the outcome would be highly uncertain .
So Nenad , what 's the timetable here ?
The request went to Putin .
Putin in turn passes it on or has passed it on to the Presidential Pardons Commission .
Is that correct ?
Yes , it has all happened actually very , very quickly .
After the court cases dragged on for a couple of months and Pope has been in jail since April the 3rd , the ball really started rolling today .
He wrote to Putin .
Putin 's office announced that the President has passed on the case to the Presidential Pardons Commission and today already we had the head of the commission appearing on Russian state television and saying that he will recommend a pardon to President Vladimir Putin .
Now this commission is due to meet tomorrow but it is very difficult to envisage the commission not doing what the head of the commission has said it will do .
The Presidential Pardons Commission in Russia , is that a relatively new institution ?
I would assume this being the first Cold War spy case in 40 years in Russia that a certain number of institutions that are being involved , perhaps are being involved for the first time .
Well , there are really no precedents here Tony because , as you mentioned , the last trial of an alleged foreign spy , was actually the trial of Gary Powers way back in 1961 , and Gary Powers was shot down over Russia , so his guilt was fairly firmly established and ever since then any suspected spies were usually either sort of simply kicked out of the country , expelled , or they were arrested and then swapped for Russian spies arrested in Western countries .
The speed with which Mr. Putin seems to have responded to events here , is that any indication that perhaps he has found the whole incident embarrassing ?
It may be that this is simply a case which is not important on a wider scale for Putin , that he has shown what he needed to show to the Russian public , which is that the system is there , the system is going strong , it is taking care of the state secrets and , you know , the police is doing its job , the Federal Security Service is doing its job , but now that that has been done with , now that we have had a conviction in court he does not see the necessity of pursuing the whole thing any further , and in order to appear magnanimous in the eyes of the Western public opinion , certainly , I guess that those are the reasons which prompted him to move in the direction he has moved .
And one would assume that the effort is also being made to make sure that US - Russian relations are n't seriously affected by this ?
Yes , because there have been a number of calls in the American Congress , for example , to introduce economic sanctions against Russia for this .
The administration itself has not shown any willingness to get involved too deeply and certainly has not shown any willingness to introduce sanctions against Russia , but we do know that President Clinton has spoken to Vladimir Putin about this .
We do know that the Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has raised the issue a number of times , so this will certainly help smooth the way towards the future of American administration , as and when there is one .
The World 's Nenad Chebeck in Moscow .
Thanks again , Nenad .
You are welcome , Tony .
Meanwhile , the man Vojislav Kostunica replaced , Slobodan Milosevic seems to be moving back onto the public stage .
In his first detailed interview since he was driven from power , Milosevic today told a private Serbian TV station that his conscience is clear about his years in office , and he denounced the International War Crimes Tribunal as a political institution which is against the Serbs .
From BBC News in London , I am James Kowling for The World .
The main UN forum on human rights is accusing Israel of war crimes and human rights abuses in the Palestinian territories .
It says it is going to set up a commission of enquiry into violence on the west banks of Gaza , and wants its High Commissioner , Mary Robinson , to visit the region .
From Geneva Claire Duvall reports .
The special session of the UN Human Rights Commission has condemned Israel for widespread systematic and gross violations of human rights in the occupied territories .
The resolution also accused the Jewish state of committing war crimes against the Palestinians .
More than a hundred people , mostly Arab , have been killed in the recent violent clashes .
The UN resolution also calls for the setting up of what it calls the Human Rights Enquiry Commission .
This is likely to be established by the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights , Mary Robinson , who was also called on to visit the occupied territories .
Claire Duvall , BBC news , Geneva .
This is the World .
I 'm Lisa Mullins .
Not since he took power 13 years ago , has Yugoslavia 's President Slobodan Milosevic appeared so close to losing it .
His grip began to slip on September 24th , when as even he admitted opposition candidate Vojislav Kostunica won more votes in a nation - wide election .
Milosevic claimed , however , that Kostunica had failed to win at least 50 % and that another ballot would be necessary .
The opposition insisted that Kostunica had won outright and staged mass anti-Milosevic demonstrations .
Today , the protest reached a climax as hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets of Belgrade .
The crowds took over the parliament building and a state television center and the events of the day resembled nothing so much as a popular revolution .
The World 's Nenad Chebeck takes us to the streets of the Serbian capital in his eyewitness report .
Rock drummer Dragon Zuricic pounded out a beat for marching and hundreds of thousands of demonstrators took up the call .
Within minutes , the center of the town was blocked solid .
Opponents of Slobodan Milosevic called on the Yugoslav President to relinquish power immediately .
An opposition spokesman demanded that Milosevic accept the electoral will of the people , that the Federal Electoral Commission reveal what she called the true result of the election .
There were speeches and even songs , denouncing Slobodan Milosevic and praising opposition leader , Vojislav Kostunica , but the singing stopped and at least some shooting began .
The crowd converged at the federal parliament building and tried to storm it .
The police retaliated with tear gas and most streets around the buildings were full of people and tear gas .
The mood became angry and several police cars were smashed or set ablaze .
Then the demonstrators turned their fury towards a nearby police station .
That 's when the mass protest took what may have been a `` turning point '' .
The police gave themselves up without a fight and some of them even joined the demonstrators .
Then the crowd marched over to the state run televison station .
Much to the demonstrators ' surprise dozens of heavily armed riot policemen simply walked out of the building and offered no resistance .
Elsewhere in Belgrade , journalists at three other television stations and the radio station B92 took over their newsrooms vowing to report independently of state control .
This evening , police withdrew from the streets of Belgrade .
Outside the Federal Parliament building , hundreds of thousands gathered for a rally .
Vojislav Kostunica appealed to them to stay on the streets and defend democracy .
Kostunica said Milosevic took the country into several wars and now wanted to wage a battle against his own people .
The crowd chanted `` arrest Slobo and let 's march onto Beveneary 3rd , to Milosevic 's residence .
Kostunica advised calm .
What he did n't say was what he could n't , which is where exactly Slobodan Milosevic is .
He has n't been seen or heard from in the past 24 hours .
For The World , this is Nenad Chebeck in Belgrade .
Neither candidate will be declared the President - elect until at least Friday .
That 's when the overseas ballots will be counted and factored into the candidates ' final totals .
The World 's Jennifer Glass reports from London .
There are Floridians all over the world .
Because abroad are n't counted in our census , no one knows how many , and no one knows how many voted .
Those who did it like Margaret Sawn , an American working in Costa Rica , says she is glad a week and a half before Americans in the United States went to the polls that she cast her absentee ballot for George Bush .
Well , because , you know , Gore was going after the outer voters very hard , I did feel Friday would be important , and , of course I did n't think , it would get down to this but who would n't .
Here in London , Frances Deek is a retired teacher who lived in Britain for 18 years .
She says she cast her absentee ballot for Al Gore .
Deek says in recent days , she has had to defend the United States 's political system .
Britains who notice she is American , have let her know what they think of the elections .
They keep saying , " Oh , is n't that terrible .
The biggest democracy in the world and it 's all falling apart .
And I say it is because we are a democracy that it 's happening this way .
It 's because everybody gets the vote .
It 's because people will not let things slide .
They want to know everything .
This is part of being a democracy .
But for Americans abroad , says Geek , participating in democracy voting is more work then for Americans in the United States .
You have to make a very conscious effort and it takes mailing two things to get to vote .
You have to send in your card to start with , and then when you get the ballot bag , you have to send the ballot back .
So , it 's harder than if you just wandered up to your poll on Election Day and voted because you have been registered for years .
In the Israeli town of Ramad Beithshamuz , Karen London originally from Hollywood , Florida , says she and her husband almost did n't vote .
Her ballot arrived late .
Her husband said voting was a waste of time , but she insisted and mailed their ballots .
Now London says she is glad she did n't listen to her husband and so is he .
I did n't think anything of it and so when my grandson called Wednesday morning to say , ' Wake up , today your vote is going to count ' , then it was really a matter of , you know , our vote not only does it count like it shows in any election , but it really counts in the final and we voted an absentee ballot .
But Londons did n't say which way they voted but they have cast ballots in each of the three Presidential elections held since they moved to Israel 9 years ago .
This year , says Karen , has been special and a little frightening .
It 's quite a daunting feeling to think that , you know , of hundreds and millions of people , you know , in this case our vote counts , although it does n't count more than any other citizen 's vote , in this particular moment it counts more than everybody else 's , because that 's what they are waiting for .
Major Mikiang , a Floridian based in Germany is from Okichobee County , Florida .
He says despite the waiting , the court cases and the uncertainty , he is not worried that there 'll be a constitutional crisis in the United States .
I do n't really have any concerns at all .
I am very confident that our form of government that checks and balances the way we set the process up and the way it is moving , so many things to fall back on to keep the process moving , that I am not really concerned at all .
One radio announcer here in London made an accurate and insightful comment today .
At a time like this with the Presidency hanging in the balance , in many nations the generals have moved in .
In America the lawyers do .
For the World , I am Jennifer Glass in London .
In New Delhi today , Indians like Americans are consuming their favorite traditional foods , roties , dal and increasingly burgers and fries .
The Golden Arches and the Kentucky Colonel are becoming familiar sites in the country and as the World 's Tinku Ray reports , many Indians are giving a fast welcome to fast food .
Visit any McDonalds in the capital and it will be packed with families , the young and old enthusiastically eating their burgers and fries .
The American fast food giant opened its first outlet in India four years ago and has now expanded to twenty - five around the country .
But imagine a McDonalds without beef , no big macs , no cheese burgers , instead the choice is McAlu tikki burger or chicken kebabs .
Vikram Bakshi , Managing Director of McDonalds India explains the customized menu .
We knew that we were in a country , which is culturally sensitive .
From day one we went beefless and porkless , so we could look after the sentiments of both the Hindus and the Muslims .
From day one we knew that there was an issue about vegetarianism .
We had to be very conscious about it and we did a segregation in our kitchens , which has been unheard of .
And the strategy has been a popular one for McDonalds , as a sample poll of lunchtime customers outside a restaurant in South Delhi shows .
We get a lot of variety here and it 's very tasty also .
If they offered you only , say , a fully western menu , would it still appeal to you ?
No , no that 's not good .
I think it should be both , the Western and the Indian , both .
The food here offered is a lot better than what you find in the US .
In what ways ?
Here , you know , it 's like it 's American as well as Indian taste .
It 's a very wise move for them because if they would have only just original McDonalds , I do n't think they would have done so great .
I think by blending things , you know , they have done a very wise move .
Along the narrow crowded streets of old Delhi , is where you can find fast food , Indian style .
These are roadside restaurants often called dhabas that serve up recipes of dal , vegetables and stuffed puries , deep - fried in oil .
This traditional and cheap fare has proved stiff competition for the multinational fast food chains , but they 've been fighting hard and maybe closing in .
Pizza delivery chain Dominos turned a profit for the first time last year , after five years in the Indian market .
Dominos has also adapted to Indian tastes by creating special toppings , butter chicken and chana masala pizzas .
The simple idea of home delivery is also rather new to India , but seems to have captured people 's imagination .
Dominos Chief Executive Pawan Bhatia says , the secret of their success is to introduce Western brands with an Indian twist .
If I walk in to a lot of the companies who failed and if you put this , have they given a choice and the answer most of the time will be no .
They have decided the menu .
India is a deeply religious and traditional country , but in the past decade thanks to globalization and cable TV , the population has been exposed to dozens of multinational brands from burgers to washing machines and pizzas to Pepsi , but despite the desire to embrace globalization , there is still a reluctance to change completely .
Marketing analyst Sohail Seth , believes that fast food companies will only survive if they take seriously the need to be culturally sensitive .
As a nation we do n't like to experiment too much , so food is such a personal item , it 's such an important item of our daily existence that the last thing we 'd like is any international fast food company coming in and tinkering with our palate .
Ironically , what the Western fast food chains are doing here is the same as what Indian restaurants have done and been very successful at in the United States and Europe , adapting and adjusting according to local tastes .
For The World , this is Tinku Ray , New Delhi .
The announcement by Slobodan Milosevic that he concedes defeat in Yugoslavia 's presidential election has sent people rejoicing into the streets of Belgrade .
The speech by Milosevic on state TV signaled he has abandoned efforts to block the opposition from assuming power .
In his speech Milosevic congratulated opposition leader Vojislav Kostunica who has been ruled the victor in the election .
He also says he plans to help his Socialist Party gain new strength .
President Clinton is scheduled to meet with Israeli and Palestinian negotiators tomorrow to assess how the peace talks are going .
The White House said Secretary of State Madeleine Albright is expected to join in the talks tomorrow morning .
Spokesman P.J. Crowley said the administration has n't ruled out the possibility of sending a senior US official to the Mid East to try to arrange a meeting of Israeli and Palestinian leaders .
The United Nations World Food Program , WFP , says up to a million people in Afghanistan could die of starvation unless it receives more aid from donors .
The country has been hit by its worst drought in 30 years .
This report from Katy Clark .
The World Food Program says its stocks of food aid are due to run out in February , months before the next harvest in June .
Donations of wheat for Afghanistan have traditionally come from western governments .
WFP blames general donor fatigue for their inadequate response , but is pleading for donors to give more food aid for Afghanistan or face a catastrophe .
Conditions in many parts of the country are at crisis point .
Many families have already sold their livestock and household goods to buy food , and still have only 1 or 2 months of starvation rations left .
Katy Clark , BBC News , Islamabad .
A Chinese cancer patient has become something of a celebrity .
After doctors told Lu Yo Ching in August that he had three months to live , Lu began writing a diary on the internet .
Now , five months later , Lu has survived to see his cyber diary published as a book .
As the BBC 's Dunkin Humet reports , some Chinese readers are grateful for Lu 's writings but other find them offensive .
In the private ward of a Shanghai hospital Shu Mu Yeng is a perfect host , offering her visitors tea and chatting calmly .
In the next room her husband Lu Yo Ching lies sleeping in the final stages of cancer , exhausted both by the battle with the disease and by months of painful writing which have brought him both fame and criticism .
Shu Mu Yeng says he originally began his controversial diary as a purely personal concern .
Before he put it on the internet he started writing at home for our daughter .
As his illness developed he realized that in the future our daughter might lack the guidance of a father .
So I encouraged him to write something to leave for her .
But as he wrote the 37 - year - old former literature student , melon salesman , advertising executive and real estate manager decided he had feelings he wished to share with Chinese society at large .
He sought out a local web site , which agreed to publish sections of his writings on the internet .
Diary of Death , as it became known , affected many with its outspoken views , particularly Mr. Lu 's reflections on 6 years as a cancer sufferer in China .
From the moment you pick up a lab report stating that the doctor has diagnosed cancerous cells , life starts to get tough .
If you 're an official your career will stop dead .
The Personnel Department will start looking for your successor and people will start positioning themselves to replace you .
If you 're a businessperson your credit will suddenly be devalued .
Even husbands or wives will start making calculations about the future .
And if Chinese people 's attitude to cancer is a tragedy , writes Lu Yo Ching , the treatment of cancer patients in the medical system is like a black farce , high in cost but often ineffective .
He compares the country 's overcrowded cancer wards to a conveyor belt where the surgeons are skilled because they have so much practice that bribes are often necessary to get quick treatment .
Lu Yo Ching 's criticisms and his decision earlier this year to stop taking medication and stay out of hospital for as long as possible have provoked widespread debate .
His wife Shu Mu Yeng sighs as she describes the 10,000 e-mail messages in their in - box .
Many have been supportive and admiring but by no means all .
According to Inzer , an editor with a Shanghai based web - site many people feel that it 's not appropriate for a dying man to go so public with his views on his illness .
In Chinese people 's idea we have a tradition like we do n't talk to anybody about family things , especially some kind of unfortunate thing .
For lots of old people it 's very shocking .
Lu Yo Ching has freely admitted that he 'd be pleased if the book version of his diary earns some money to support his wife and daughter , yet his real interest is to provoke debate on life and how to live it .
Life when you 're sick tastes bitter , but it can also be fun if you 're lucky enough to master secrets on how to turn the bitter into fun .
Avoid all household chores .
This is the common objective of the Women 's Liberation Movement and the Men 's Epiphany Movement in China .
Always think about spending money but never think about earning it .
Never get into a quarrel with your family where you feel like you are the police and they are the common people .
Enjoy a fresh fruit in all four seasons and fresh flowers everywhere .
You do n't need to dress too properly .
Attractiveness lies in being a mess .
Never worry whether the battery will run out on your mobile phone .
And people will remember you if you do good things by chance .
Despite all the criticism and the media spotlight Lu Yo Ching 's wife Shu Mu Yeng says she believes that his decision to write the diary was a good thing .
Lots of people think that my husband 's actions could have a lot of negative consequences , but I say , ' Long live understanding . '
At least it has made people think about life , and that was my husband 's highest aim .
Shu Mu Yeng , the wife of cancer patient Lu Yo Ching .
The BBC 's Dunkin Hewerd reported that story from Shanghai .
This is PRI .
Israel is also confronting hostilities on its northern border , hostilities the Israeli government was hoping would end when it withdrew its troops from Southern Lebanon five months ago .
Hezbollah geurillas announced this week that they have captured an Israeli man and are holding him along with 3 Israeli soldiers they nabbed 9 days ago .
The Hezbollah group says that the man was spying for Israel 's intelligence service .
The Israeli government insists that he is a private businessman .
The BBC 's Andrew Harding is in the Lebanese capital of Beirut .
Andrew Harding how does this capture affect the talks in Egypt ?
Well , it certainly is not going to help matters , but ultimately , of course , the Hezbollah is deeply critical of the peace process .
They do not like the sort of deals that Arafat appears to be , at times , ready to make .
Though , I think that if they could stifle the entire peace process at the moment , then that is what they 'd like to do .
There are lot of claims and counter claims about this captured man and what he does .
What do we know for sure about him ?
It is very difficult to be sure at the moment .
Hezbollah is saying one thing , the Israelis are saying another and when we are talking about a possible member of the secret services of Mossad , it is very hard for any one but the Israelis to know for sure .
Clearly , this is a man who was travelling on some other passport somewhere in Europe , whether or not an Israeli citizen , we do n't know it for sure .
Certainly Hezbollah say he is .
He would appear to be back in Lebanon , under Hezbollah guard .
Beyond that , we have these two conflicting reports from Israel and Hezbollah .
I guess it 's a question of trying to choose which is the more credible , and that 's a very difficult call at the moment .
Well , whatever his identity and his aim , Hezbollah is using the information about him as a bargaining chip , it would seem .
Husain Nebrusi of the Hezbollah Information Bureau in Beirut had this to say this morning .
We will not tell anything about the conditions of these Israeli captured soldiers of the colonel unless we get something in return .
We are determined .
This is not a breach of the Geneva Convention .
I mean , I would be saying the Israeli prisoners , they were not allowed to even see the Red Cross as they did n't for three years .
We did n't even know the least information about them .
So , Andrew , when he says that they are looking to get something in return for information about these captured Israelis , what in particular do they want to say ?
What are they hoping to achieve ?
Specifically , Hezbollah want 19 prisoners that are currently being held in Israeli jails .
Many of them , as Israel admits , as bargaining chit in this ' Hit the Tag Hostage war ' .
There are also a number of other men believed to be in Israel from Iran and also a lot of Palestinian detainees who may or may not come into the equation even when this negotiating process over the fate of these hostages gets off the ground .
And it really struggles to get off the ground so far because Hezbollah is taking such a tough line .
Andrew , can you tell us about the ties between the Hezbollah and the Palestinians , particularly in the recent uprising .
I mean those who have criticized the Israeli withdrawal for its troops from Southern Lebanon last spring have said that it showed that the armed uprisings have won the day and forced the Israeli pullout .
Now there have subsequently been accusations that the Lebanese Hezbollah has tried to influence the Palestinians toward armed revolt .
Is there any evidence of this ?
Well , the Hezbollah certainly would like to do that and they are , at the moment , extremely popular in the Palestinian territories because Palestinians see Hezbollah taking a tough line at a time when many of them are critical of the more compromising route that Arafat appears to be taking .
There have been traditional differences between Hezbollah and some of the more extreme groups inside the Palestinian areas , but at the moment , I think , the aim of Hezbollah and other groups is to get over those differences , unite and form a very strong overall group of extremist forces dedicated to destroying the peace process as it now stands .
The BBC 's Andrew Harding speaking to us from Beirut , Lebanon .
Thank you .
Thank you .
One of the largest cases of alleged sexual abuse by a Catholic priest is being settled .
The archdiocese of Portland has apologized to 22 men who say they were molested by an Oregon priest when they were altar boys .
Jeff Brady reports from Oregon Public Broadcasting .
The men say they were abused by Maurice Grammond as far back as 50 years ago .
As part of the settlement , the men will receive money though the exact amount is being kept confidential .
The agreement also calls for an apology from the Portland Archdiocese that will be read from the pulpit of every parish in Western Oregon at Sunday Mass .
Attorney David Slater represented the alleged victims .
These men were burdened through their childhood , and into adulthood , and even in the middle age with an overwhelming sense of shame and isolation .
With few exceptions they kept this experience and the shame around it a secret even from their own wives .
Maurice Grammond is now 80 and lives in the Alzheimer 's unit of a nursing home .
He never faced criminal charges for the alleged abuse because the statute of limitations expired long ago .
For NPR News , I 'm Jeff Brady in Portland , Oregon .
Meanwhile , more violence in the West Bank and Gaza Strip has resulted in at least four more deaths .
Hillary Anderson reports from Jerusalem .
The Palestinian suicide bomber had explosives strapped to his body .
He blew himself up at an outdoor cafe frequented by Israeli soldiers near a Jewish settlement .
Three Israelis were wounded .
In other violence , a Palestinian worker was shot dead in the Gaza Strip and in the West Bank , another Palestinian , a teenager , was shot by Israeli soldiers during clashes .
Tensions were at a peak across the Palestinian areas because this is the holiest day in the Muslim calendar and the Israelis had banned Muslims under the age of 45 and in some cases 35 from praying at Jerusalem 's holy sites .
Hillary Anderson , BBC News , Jerusalem .
Two months ago , the Kursk , a Russian nuclear submarine went down in the Barents Sea during military exercises .
All 118 sailors died .
American officials say the Kursk may have sunk after a torpedo misfire but Moscow authorities are still investigating .
Many Russian people are skeptical about the inquiry and about the wisdom of trying to recover the remains of the seamen , an operation said to begin in about 2 weeks .
The World 's Nenad Chebeck reports from Moscow .
The tragedy of the Kursk submarine has disappeared from the front pages but is anything but forgotten in Russia .
Last month , in accordance with Russian Orthodox tradition , a remembrance class was held 40 days after the death of 118 seamen aboard the Kursk .
All over the country bearded priests spread out a roll call of the crewmembers , but even the clouds of incense could not hide the two main controversies following the accident - what caused it and what to do with the submarine and the bodies of the crew .
President Vladimir Putin promised the families that the bodies will be recovered and Sir Gay Evanell , the head of the powerful Security Council says the promise still stands .
We are going to see through this unique operation .
No one has ever done anything like it before , and we do realize that it is very risky , both when it comes to physical dangers for the divers , and to the psychological stress depending on what we find there .
But not everyone thinks recovering the bodies is a good idea .
Naval Captain Biltera Pedro says it 's against tradition that sailors have respected for centuries and could also cause great grief .
He says , `` just imagine the tragedy of those families when some bodies are retrieved and others are n't . ''
Russia had a similar case way back in 1970s says Pedro , when just one body was recovered .
The Fleet Commander then decided to have even that one body handed back to the sea where the submarine went down says Pedro .
And it 's not just about the tradition in the past , but the future as well argues Alexe Budnev from the Veterans Club of the Russian Fleet .
The cost of this operation will be huge .
I think it would be much better to invest the sum in improving the rescue capabilities of the Russian fleet , so we can save lives in the future .
And while this controversy is going on , so does the government investigation into the causes of the disaster .
Former submarine captain Ureg Gladkovich says that he is confident the government commission will do a good job .
The authorities need to know the truth in order to make whatever changes are necessary for the future safety of the submarine fleet says Gladkovich , but whether those findings will ever reach the public is another matter .
Just look back at the way they fudged and lied their way through the rescue operation .
They never gave us the full truth .
That gives us reason to doubt their good intentions to tell us the truth this time .
It all depends on the good will of the military and the government .
Unfortunately , Russia does n't have a political mechanism that would make such an investigation open to the public .
Military affairs analyst with the well - respected Russian news magazine Itogi , Alexander Gulls , says the Commission 's work is just a smoke screen .
He says the cause of the Kursk tragedy is known to those in charge .
Our Navy commanders they know pretty well and all that 's going on now points that these people want to hide the real thing that had happened onboard of Kursk .
But what did cause the Kursk tragedy ?
There are three main theories .
Firstly , that a torpedo missile misfired while still in the tube causing a massive explosion in the armory , secondly , that the sub hit a mine leftover from World War II , and thirdly , a collision with another vessel .
Former Captain Ureg Gladkovich says that his experience leads into believing another theory .
I believe that the captain over the Kursk took a sudden and drastic maneuver to avoid colliding with another vessel .
The waters were shallow for such a huge submarine and the sub maneuver led to the front part of the sub hitting the seabed with great speed .
The sheer force led to the explosion of the armaments that are stored in the front compartment .
The whole front part of the submarine was probably flooded within seconds killing most of the crew says Gladkovich .
The ones in the back compartments could have survived for a while , he says , but not more than a few hours , as the sea continued to flood the whole boat after it cracked up .
But while the theory sounds very plausible , there is no evidence as yet to make it anything more than educated guess work .
According to military analyst , Alexander Gulls , that is the way things will remain .
The huge money that were promised to families avail , receive ten times more than families of soldiers who were killed in Chechnya .
For me , it 's rather cynical attempt to shut them up .
With so many secrets linked to the Kursk , Russia 's most advanced nuclear submarine , the full truth may never emerge , even if the bodies and the boat eventually do .
For The World this is Nenad Sebek in Moscow .
From NPR News in Washington , I 'm Anne Brazel .
Arab leaders hold a summit tomorrow in Cairo to discuss the continuing violence between Israelis and Palestinians .
Today was the deadline Israel had set for a truce but it was one of the deadliest days of fighting in two weeks .
At least 9 Palestinians were killed in skirmishes in the West Bank .
At the United Nations , UN Secretary General Kofi Annan says the level of violence is still too high .
Linda Bascilla reports from the UN .
Kofi Annan played a major role in bringing about the emergency summit earlier this week in Egypt , and now after briefing the UN Security Council on his efforts , he made it clear that while violence has decreased some it is nowhere near the level which he thinks is satisfactory .
The UN chief also said that tensions were still high and that the next 48 to 72 hours would be crucial .
He expressed hope that both Israelis and Palestinians would stick to the Sharm el - Sheikh agreement and continue to implement it .
Meanwhile , Annan also told reporters that he hoped the UN General Assembly would send a conciliatory message to both sides encouraging them to implement the agreement .
For NPR News I 'm Linda d'Silva at the United Nations .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak said today that he is willing to hold early elections and the decision comes as Barak 's popularity is sinking in the polls after two months of violent conflict with Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza .
The government is expected to negotiate a date for the elections in talks with the opposition over the next few days .
The opposition has recommended that elections be set for May .
The elections would mean that Barak 's current term in office would end about two years ahead of schedule .
Corey Flintoff , NPR News , Washington .
The political maneuvering going on in Israel could put us to shame .
The Israeli Parliament is considering moves that could allow former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to run against incumbent Ehud Barak .
Let 's back up for a minute .
Barak announced 2 weeks ago that he would call for early elections .
Then yesterday he resigned , triggering the vote in about 2 months , and guess who under current Israeli law would be ineligible to run for Prime Minister ?
That 's right , the former front runner Benjamin Netanyahu .
You see , Netanyahu gave up his parliamentary seat last year after his election lost to Barak and in Israel , if you are not in the Parliament , you ca n't run for Prime Minister .
The World 's Richard Myron explains .
Against the backdrop of continuing violence in the West Bank and Gaza Strip , election campaign has begun here .
Yesterday Ehud Barak won the endorsement of his Labor Party as its candidate for Prime Minister and while his supporters may be cheering , many other Israelis have turned away from the man they elected just 18 months ago .
Opinion polls show him neck and neck with the current leader of the right wing Likud Party , Ariel Sharon , but Barak trails former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu by 16 points according to one poll .
Among Labor Party activists such as legislator Yael Dayan there is a sense of confusion about Barak 's unpopularity .
It certainly objectively does n't make any sense .
It means we have to try harder and to remind people why they said such a big no to Netanyahu only a year and a half ago .
Barak can win and if he comes to the elections with an indication of continuation of the peace , he 's got a majority .
The discredited former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu now faces a number of legal obstacles before he can challenge Barak for the top job .
According to current legislation only a member of parliament can stand for the position of Prime Minister .
Netanyahu supporters are calling either for a change in the law or for simultaneous elections for the Knesset and Prime Minister , which would allow their candidate to run .
Senior Likud activists like Yosee Ahmed say that Barak 's decision to call an election just for Prime Minister wo n't save him from his opponent in the country or in the Knesset .
Barak did n't just do some one thing which is very cynical , he also did something which is not very clever politically because there is a , built - in majority in the Knesset against him and if there are elections only for Prime Minister , even if he is elected again , how can he manage the country with the built - in majority against him .
So , I would therefore call his act an act of extreme irresponsibility .
As the political tempo quickens in Israel , so the violence continues in the West Bank and Gaza .
In Bethlehem Palestinians buried another victim of the current troubles killed in fighting yesterday with the Israeli Army , but as the casualties on both sides continue to mount , there are also rumors of high level secret contacts between the Israelis and the Palestinians to find a political solution to the conflict .
Gushin Baskin , co-director of the Israel - Palestine Center for Research and Information says that the prospects of an election in Israel could improve the chances for peace .
Barak 's standing in the polls is so bad that the only thing that can save his political career now is a peace deal , which is the only reason to be optimistic that something might actually happen .
It 's that personal self motivation of Barak 's desire to survive politically and to have some kind of future in this country knowing that if he goes to elections with a peace agreement , any kind of peace agreement , he stands much better chance of being elected than going to the electorate with nothing .
Amid the political intrigue in Israel an international commission led by former US senator George Mitchell today began investigating the causes of the unrest here .
Mitchell said he hoped his work would reduce the level of violence , but his task is going to be difficult amid the mutual accusations and the rising death toll .
For The World this is Richard Myron in Jerusalem .
You are listening to The World on PRI , Public Radio International .
For today 's musical closure , we meet a band that 's just recorded its own rendition of a pop hit made famous by Sarah McClauclin .
It 's only fair , the band called Solace helped McClauclin write the Grammy winner ' I will Remember You ' .
Solace , though , is not just another folk pop band , it 's really known for its traditional Irish music .
The World 's Stephen Snyder has our story .
Like the famous Irish group the Chieftains and Alton , the group Solace frequently headlines in Celtic festivals .
They bring audiences to their feet with virtual self playing of traditional fiddle tunes , jigs and reels , but unlike the other stars of the Irish circuit , Solace got their start in the United States .
Three members of Solace , including superstar fiddler Winfred Horan are Irish Americans , the remaining two are Irish transplants living in New York City .
Winfred Horan stepped into Irish music literally .
From childhood she competed in Irish step dancing competitions winning nine North American titles .
She also took up traditional fiddle at a young age , but soon turned to classical violin .
She devoted fifteen years to classical training and performance including string quartets , orchestras and a stint with the Boston Pops before returning to Irish music in the early 90's .
Flute player Shamus Eagan comes from Pennsylvania .
In Solace he serves as the utility player , handling not only flute but also the Irish hand drum , the boran and the Indian pipes .
And Eagan is the only American ever to have won four all Ireland championships , for banjo , tin whistle , flute and mandolin playing .
Eagan 's work on the film score for The Brothers McMullin , led him to co-author a song with folk pop diva Sarah McClauklin .
On this new CD from Solace , ' The Hour before Dawn ' , Eagan and the group offer a traditional re-rendering of the song McClauklin made famous , ' I will Remember You ' .
That 's Dierdre Scandlin , the newest member of Solace , who came to the group just last year .
She says singing a song that Sarah McClauklin had already recorded twice was a little intimidating , but the group made a conscious attempt to come up with the version that would stand on its own , and it does .
For The World , I am Stephen Snyder .
In a historic speech , President Clinton has addressed the people of Vietnam , urging them to work with Americans to heal the wounds of war .
The President also spoke of the staggering sacrifice of the 3 million Vietnamese soldiers and civilians who died during the conflict .
Let us continue to help each other heal the wounds of war , not by forgetting the bravery shown and the tragedy suffered by all sides , but by embracing the spirit of reconciliation and the courage to build better tomorrows for our children .
President Clinton also raised the issue of human rights but went on to stress the US was not trying to impose its own ideals .
You have already shown the world he said that Vietnam takes its own decisions .
In China a campaign against fake goods has netted 43 million dollars of counterfeit products over the past month .
The trade in bogus goods is thought to cost companies tens of billions of dollars in lost revenues each year , but officials say enforcing the law is often dangerous with at least one government inspector killed in recent weeks .
Officials say some corrupt local government officials are protecting the pirates .
The BBC 's , Duncan Hewat reports from Shanghai .
Multinational companies investing in China had become so angry that they recently set up an anti-piracy league in Beijing to pressure the Chinese government to take action .
Domestic manufacturers , who are also suffering , launched a similar body this month .
China recently introduced a new law increasing fines against producers of fake goods from the amount of profit made to the value of the goods produced , but many observers say this is still not a sufficient deterrent .
Chinese media have said that fake products are humiliating the nation and undermining public morality , and while the fakes are often so well packaged that even the real manufacturers ca n't tell the difference , the products inside are often downright dangerous .
China says it is determined to tackle the problem as part of its moves towards joining the World Trade Organization .
The BBC 's Duncan Hewat .
President Clinton departs Monday for Ireland , Northern Ireland and England .
The trip will provide the President with a first hand look at how well the Good Friday peace accord he helped broker is taking hold in Northern Ireland .
It is a glass is half - full - or - half - empty situation there .
On the one hand politicians in Northern Ireland work co-operatively on a budget and government programs for the first time in 30 years .
However there is continuing friction over other aspects of the peace process .
Belfast comedian Patrick Kealty has his take on Mr. Clinton 's visit .
It is the last few months of the presidency so the Middle East has gone belly - up for him so like we are all he 's got left , so he is kind of coming back and he is clinging and saying , you know , " Please make it work , please " .
So , I think it was meant to be a lap of honor whether or not he salvages the peace process because we have actually had too much of the President .
In a way presidents do n't normally pay as much attention to Northern Ireland as Clinton has , so he has actually paid the Irish question probably too much attention for a President , and what that means is that the people involved in the peace process here believe they are more important than they actually are .
And when the President talks five years ago we would have listened and we would have been scared , where as now , it is like , " Here we go , Bill - Smill " .
Belfast comedian Patrick Kealty will resurface next week on our show when The World 's Jennifer Glass reports on President Clinton 's trip to Ireland and Northern Ireland .
Israel has fired on offices of the Palestinian Authority injuring 62 people .
The Israeli Army says it 's retaliation for a bomb attack on an Israeli school bus in the occupied Gaza Strip .
NPR 's Jennifer Laden reports from Jerusalem .
Israeli helicopter gun ships fired across the Gaza Strip for more than two hours , hitting the offices of the Palestinian police , security services and Yasser Arafat 's political party , Fatah .
Israeli defense officials accused Fatah of carrying out the bus attack .
Though provided no evidence , Fatah officials denied the link .
The bus bombing killed two Jewish settlers including a schoolteacher and also wounded nine others , including several children .
A brother and sister had to have parts of their legs and feet amputated .
Angry settlers gathered around the bus with its melon - sized holes , denouncing Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak for exercising too much restraint , but Palestinians warned that the missile attacks in Gaza would dangerously escalate their two - month - old conflict .
Jennifer Laden , NPR News , Jerusalem .
Elsewhere , a Palestinian was killed in clashes that erupted in Gaza hours after the bomb attack .
I have a number of suggestions to help you through your national crisis over who should be the next President .
And The World 's Eddie Mair has included them in this week 's letter from London .
Normally I would n't interfere in your politics , at least not since Hillary Clinton called me and asked whether she should stand in New York .
I advised her there was more chance of Rudy Giuliani being caught with another woman than there was of her winning elected office .
But your post-election dilemma leads me to put forward a number of ideas to assist you at this , the most critical moment Americans have faced since they changed the taste of Coke .
First of all , what about allowing Clinton just to have a third time ?
We know him , he knows us , and it has never been dull .
What 's more , he enjoys his special relationship with Britain 's Tony Blair , and he has formed special relationships with , well you set your own White House intern , joke here .
Another way of deciding who should be your next leader is by putting the word President in front of the candidate 's surnames .
If you say President Gore , does it send a shiver up your spine ? and surely to goodness we 'll never have a President Bush .
Certainly that 's how I am going to refer to them both for the rest of this letter .
I suggest you try it at home .
Alternatively , why not give the presidency to the candidate who stands in front of the largest number of flags during his news conferences .
Both President Gore and President Bush have held a flurry of news conferences in recent weeks and with each one they have increased the number of Stars and Stripes they use as a backdrop .
I think they think it makes them look patriotic and presidential .
Things got out of hand on Monday night when Al Gore appeared in front of what appeared to be a dozen Stars and Stripes .
It looked like an explosion in a flag factory .
I stopped listening to what he was saying and started wondering where this would end .
By tomorrow I 'm confident President Bush will be wearing a Stars and Stripes suit with matching tie , shoes , shirt and underwear .
On Friday , Gore will come out with his face painted in patriotic colors and by the weekend George W. Bush would have changed his name to ' America , ' just to prove how American he really is .
Having said that I saw the Canadian Prime Minister celebrate his re-election in front of a dozen Maple Leaves , but who cares about Canada .
I 'm sorry if all of this sounds like a load of nonsense which undermines the entire principle of democracy .
I know America would never really stand for that , would you ?
Till next time , yours truly , Eddie Mair .
From BBC News in London , I 'm Gregor Cragy for The World .
Israeli helicopters have attacked buildings used by Palestinian officials only hours after the Prime Minister Ehud Barak told parliament he believes peace is still possible in the Middle East .
The helicopters reportedly fired missiles at offices of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat 's ` Fatah movement ' .
Israeli officials say there are no casualties and little damage .
Earlier Barak said peace could still be achieved but only if certain conditions are met .
If violence is reduced and a fact finding American led committee go to work , we will be ready to go there and help put an end to violence .
The chief Palestinian negotiator Syeb Arakat said Barak 's speech was aimed at forming a coalition with Israel 's right wing and would have a negative effect on the peace process .
Family members and close allies of former President Slobodan Milosevic are leaving Yugoslavia ahead of possible investigations into their financial dealings .
Some are believed to have millions of dollars in foreign bank accounts .
Stefan Boss reports from Belgrade .
As Serbia is preparing to inaugurate a new government , some members of former President Slobodan Milosevic 's family are leaving the country .
The son of Milosevic , Marco , tried unsuccessfully to flee to China , but he was refused entry and was on his way back to Moscow from where he came .
Earlier Marco Milosevic did not receive a visa in Russia , a situation which could only be cleared after his uncle and diplomats intervened .
It was seen as another sign that both Russia and China have abandoned their friendship with the Milosevic family and that they are seeking closer ties with new President Vojislav Kostunica .
For NPR News , I am Stefan Boss in Belgrade .
It has been two weeks since Vojislav Kostunica became Yugoslavia 's President and today he moved closer to consolidating his rule outside the orbit of Slobodan Milosevic .
The Montenagrian Socialist Peoples ' Party , which had supported Milosevic , announced that it will consider joining Kostunica 's new government .
That tentative embrace brings Kostunica closer to forming a new cabinet .
He is trying to ride the wave of anger against the former leadership as he builds his power base , but as The World 's Nenad Sebek reports , it is not going to be easy .
The rallying cry for anti-Milosevic protestors during last month 's election campaign was this song .
The lyrics , in English , are '' Kostunica , save Serbia from the mad house . ''
After years of bickering Serbia 's 17 opposition parties finally agreed to select one candidate to run against Slobodan Milosevic .
They wanted someone who is untainted by deals with the Milosevic regime , someone , who had solid moderate nationalist credentials .
Vojislav Kostunica , a 56 - year - old constitutional lawyer fit the bill .
Back then Kostunica told this reporter , he identified with the common people because he was one himself .
I have been living this sort of life to understand them and their suffering .
That respect , I really think that I may speak in their name .
In the modest apartment , on this sleepy street in downtown Belgrade , Vojislav Kostunica lives with his wife , two cats , and a dog .
Across the roads of the building Kostunica 's neighbor Zabin Vradonit sits in a cafe , where he favorably judges his new President .
Vradonit says that Kostunica passes here everyday , says ` hello ' to everyone in the cafe , sometimes stops and chats with them .
He is a real gentleman .
It seems as if most folks here in the neighborhood like Vojislav Kostunica .
Nened Shrovita , who runs a sportswear shop just down the road , says Kostunica is a normal ordinary man .
He is close to the people , understands them .
He says he has no intention of moving to one of Milosevic 's presidential residences and intends to lead as normal a life as is possible for a head of state .
Zagurka Gulobowich , who worked with Kostunica for 20 years at the Institute for Philosophy and Social Theory in Belgrade , takes him at his word .
He is very modest and I am quite sure that he will fight very strongly against the corruption , and everything , which characterize the ruling party and Slobodan Milosevic , and that includes Milosevic 's extreme Serb nationalism , which he used to justify wars with Slovenia , Croatia , Bosnia and Kosovo .
Kostunica , says Gulobowich , is different .
He has never been a part of that aggressive - exclusive nationalism , which provokes hatred and xenophobia .
He is not nationalist in terms of ideology , but in terms of feeling .
He likes his nation and he tries to fight for the interest of his nation , but early in the Bosnian war , Kostunica did go to the Bosnian - Serb stronghold of Parle and met several times with Vladaven Karadzic , who was later indicted for war crimes .
Yes , but he never supported Karadzic 's bombing of Sarajevo , for instance .
Bill Monroe , deputy leader of Kostunica 's political party , says Kostunica tried to dissuade Karadzic from ethnic cleansing .
Yes , he was always in favor of negotiating , of stopping the violence .
He never sided with those extreme and deplorable things that were done by some of the Bosnian Serbs .
To rebuild Yugoslavia , Kostunica will need the help of the United States in securing international loans .
That could require some skill , political tap dancing .
Kostunica has criticized the present American leadership , for among other things , leading the Nato air strikes against his country last year , but last week when he received the US Special Envoy to the Balkans , Kostunica made a favorable impression while lots of peddling his grievances with Washington .
Bulatovic says Kostunica was able to pull off the balancing act because he is not really anti-American .
One should distinguish between his attitude towards present or rather outgoing American administration meaning Clinton , Madeleine Albright , Holbrooke .
He is highly critical of them and their attitude , but he always put forward reasons for his attitude .
So far , says Belgrade journalist Dragoli Bazarcowich , Kostunica is off to a good start .
He has n't made a single mistake so far .
Okay , when he met President Clinton 's special emissary O'Brian the buttons on his shirt were not done properly .
That 's the only thing I have noticed so far .
The one thing he badly needs to watch out for right now , is the ambitious in the ranks of his own Democratic Alliance .
If he does n't keep them in check , his clean reputation could be quickly tarnished , but as for now the honeymoon is still on .
This week Kostunica 's main task is try and consolidate power by forming the new government .
Today 's negotiations with parliamentary parties have brought him a step closer but not yet there .
Cleaning up the mess of the 13 years of Milosevic 's dictatorship is a gargantuan task , which is just beginning , not only for Vojislav Kostunica but the whole country .
For The World , this is Nenad Shebek in Belgrade .
This is The World , I am Lisa Mullins .
History was made in mexico today when Vicente Fox was sworn in as President .
This was no ordinary inauguration .
It marked the first peaceful transfer of power to the opposition in Mexico 's history .
Few Mexicans can remember when their President was not a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party , whose 71 years in power ended this afternoon .
Fox , a conservative , leads the National Action Party .
The World 's Frank Contraris is in Mexico City .
Frank , the swearing in ceremony is now over .
What did President Fox have to say ?
President Vicente Fox touched on the biggest , most troubling issues facing Mexicans today .
He spoke about what he can do to solve the poverty that has driven so many hundreds of thousands of people north , into the United States seeking work .
He wants to try to find a way to keep them home , and one of the other things that he touched on , Lisa , he says that Mexico never again will return to repressive means to try to control the people .
My government will not tolerate that these methods of the past be used again .
We will not use the security forces of our country to silence critics or neutralize opponents .
Repression will never again be a way to resolve political disputes .
And one of the other main subjects he touched on today , Lisa , was the conflicted southern state of Chiapas .
Fox says that his first presidential act will be to send up a proposal to the congress to immediately begin to bring a process of peace back into Chiapas State and that 's something that people really did n't expect to happen so quickly here .
All of these issues actually are issues that the United States has been watching very carefully , and US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright is there in mexico city for the inaugural .
She is meeting with Mexico 's new Foreign Minister , who is the writer and academic Jorge Castaneda .
He , in fact , lived in New York for a number of years .
What has the new President Fox said so far about relations with the United States ?
Fox says that Mexico 's relations with the US are strong , but he sees opportunities .
He still is convinced that he can talk to the United States government into opening up its borders and eventually letting in more Mexican 's under the Free Trade Agreement .
More Mexicans , who would come in to the country legally .
Fox believes that in 20 or 30 years the United States , Canada and all of Latin America should be one unified market , much in a way that the European Community is unified , and so Fox is going to use his marketing sensibility to try to convince the American people that this is the way to go .
Remember , Fox comes from a strong marketing background .
He was the executive of Coca - Cola from Mexico , so he understands how these things work .
I wonder if you can tell us a little bit about something that Cuban President Fidel Castro , who is also there today , said earlier in the week .
He said that the previous President Ernesto Zedillo was too much of a servant to the United States .
Is that issue something that Fox is likely to pay attention to ?
Is that kind of a warning for Fox at all ?
That 's definitely a message to Vicente Fox from Fidel Castro and I am sure that other Latin American presidents feel the same way , but Fox really has already shown very early on that he is going to try to be an unusual kind of leader with the United States , he is not going to kowtow to Washington .
In fact , just weeks after he was elected he showed Washington that he has his own initiatives and some of them might even frighten leaders in our national capital there , so I think you can expect Fox to continue the economic policies that Mexico has been criticized for , that is following the economic lead of the United States , but at the same time he will come up with concrete policies for dealing with immigrants ' rights and other such matters that we have never really seen before .
The World 's Frank Contraris in Mexico City .
Frank Contraris , thank you again .
Thank you , Lisa .
This is The World .
I am Lisa Mullins .
There was a rowdy session of parliament that Ehud Barak addressed today .
It was the first time Israeli lawmakers had assembled since the Palestinian uprising began a month ago .
Prime Minister Barak told the legislature that he believes peace in the Middle East is still possible , but that Israel does not have a partner prepared to make compromises .
A spirit of compromise was also hard to find in the parliament , as The World 's Katy Clark reports .
Ehud Barak 's optimism that peace can still be achieved comes as the Israeli Prime Minister struggles to keep his left center party in office .
Barak has been working without a parliamentary majority since July when right wing and religious parties deserted his coalition government in protest over the way he was handling peace negotiations .
Today , Israel 's third largest party , the ultra-orthodox Shaff agreed to support Barak for the time being , but while that seems to have won the beleaguered Prime Minister a reprieve , it did n't stop other right wing legislators from shouting down Barak 's address to parliament today , and the Israeli Prime Minister also had to contend with furious Arab - Israeli legislators .
Today , I have no confidence in Mr. Barak .
Law maker Acnit T.b .
We presented already a non-confidence motion , my party the Arab Movement for Change and it will be discussed during the next week .
Barak had hoped to open today 's session by announcing the formation of a national emergency unity government with Ariel Sharon 's opposition Likud Party , but negotiations this past weekend to form such a coalition were inconclusive .
That 's just as well according to Shible Tel Hamie of the Brooklyn Institution .
Tel Hamie acknowledges that if Barak had succeeded in getting Sharon to join up in a new government , the Prime Minister would have a majority in parliament , but he would also be in a bind internationally because with sharon , who did not have a nice image internationally , who went alone in the Middle East , and clearly , the Palestinians would be less likely to cooperate with that government , so he faces a major tension between his peace agenda and his domestic agenda .
As if Barak needed any reminding of that , the chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Eraket today criticized Barak for tailoring his speech to the Israeli right wing .
Arakat predicted that Barak 's latest political maneuvering would have a negative effect on the peace process .
For The World , I am Katy Clark .
This is The World , a co-production of the BBC World Service , PRI and WGBH in Boston .
I am Tony Kahn .
The drama in Yugoslavia seemed to climax last thursday when hundreds of thousands of protesters forced the ouster of Slobodan Milosevic , but now the events of last week are beginning to look like act I .
Talks today between supporters of Yugoslavia 's new President Vojislav Kostunica and members of the Milosevic 's Socialist Party yielded more heat than light .
Kostunica 's people accused the Socialists of trying to hold on to the institutions of power and as if on cue , it was announced that a key Milosevic loyalist is taking over the Interior Ministry , which runs the police .
The World 's Nenad Chebeck is in Belgrade .
Nenad , what do we know of this Milosevic ally ?
Well , it 's Mirco Merianovic who officially still is the Prime Minister of Serbia .
We have to keep one thing in mind that Vojislav Kostunica and the pro-democracy elements in Serbia and Yugoslavia have taken over authority on the federal level , but the key leaders of power are on the republican level .
Yugoslavia consists of two republics , Serbia and Montenegro and there were no elections for neither the Serbian parliament , nor the presidency , so the Serbian government officially is still in place .
But that 's all theory .
In practice things are slightly different .
The whole structure of power in Serbia and Yugoslavia was based on one man , Milosevic .
Once he collapsed , politically and he has collapsed when he resigned officially on national television , all the old structures of power collapsed together with him .
Well , since , although , officially you got two different parallel governments going on , the reality is that Mr. Kostunica is trying to consolidate his power over Yugoslavia , what other indications are there that he is having trouble doing that ?
The taking over of all the leaders of power for Mr. Kostunica and his allies is a process which definitely takes time .
Everybody is impatient , especially here in Belgrade and Serbia .
The people that I see on the street and that I hear from are sick and tired of Milosevic cronies appearing on television protesting against this and trying to hang on to whatever little power they have at the moment .
However , Mr. Kostunica and the Democratic Alliance of Serbia has said very openly today that they will not put up with this kind of behavior for much longer .
They have indeed threatened Milosevic allies that they are going to bring out the people onto the streets again so that a completely new authority can be established , not just on the federal level , but also on the level of the Republic of Serbia .
Let 's talk a little bit also about other important policies of the government , of importance to people outside Yugoslavia , and that is Kosovo .
There has been some news coming out that Yugoslav troops are going to return to Kosovo by the end of the year .
What can you tell us about what this new government will do in that area ?
Well , it is a report that was brought by today 's edition of Vetrivinia Novostate , a Belgrade newspaper .
They quoted Zoran Zingic , one of the main leaders in the Democratic Alliance saying that Yugoslav troops and police will be policing the borders between Kosovo and other countries , meaning Macedonia and Albania .
Basically it is not such a threatening sort of bit of a news as it might seem at the moment because the United Nations resolution , 1244 , does actually provide for the presence of Yugoslav troops and police on the borders .
That part of the resolution here and the resolution was never actually applied because right until now , the Yugoslav police and military were in the hands of Milosevic , so the international community did n't want to have anything to do with the Milosevic forces .
Well , how is the international community dealing at this point with the change of the government ?
Who is there and what kind of assistance are they offering or what is the symbolic value of their being there at this point ?
Well , at the moment it is a race , who is going to get to Belgrade first .
Yesterday , we had the French Foreign Minister , today we have Budor Homback , who is the head of the international community 's Stability Pact for Southeast Europe .
We also saw the American diplomat Willie Montgomery who arrived in Belgrade today to set up most probably a meeting between a senior U.S. official James O'brien , who is coming to Belgrade .
He will be here tomorrow as a special representative for President Clinton .
He will hold talks , probably behind closed doors , with President Vojislav Kostunica , but the United States is keeping a low profile because there is quite a lot of anti-American sentiment on the streets here in Serbia .
So I believe that Washington realizes that very open support for Mr. Vojislav Kostunica could do the man more harm than good at this moment .
The World 's Nenad Chebeck in Belgrade .
Thank you very much for speaking with us .
You are welcome Tony .
Elsewhere in the Middle East , officials from the FBI and the CIA and marine anti-terrorist specialists have arrived in Yemen to investigate yesterday 's explosion that crippled the US Navy destroyer , Cole .
Seven sailors are confirmed dead and ten of the missing are now presumed dead .
The wounded have been evacuated to Germany and to neighboring Djibouti .
Djibouti is where until last year the Navy conducted its Red Sea refueling operations .
John Moore , a former government intelligence analyst says it was a mistake for those operations to move to Aden .
I tend to fault the US policy that brought the refueling activity from Djibouti to Aden , given the abundance of threat indicators in the country , that being Yemen .
It has been known for some time that various groups , either Palestinians , North African groups , some of Bin Laden 's men actively reside in Yemen , so again , I really question the wisdom of that policy .
You say that the US was using Djibouti for more or less the same purposes that , for the last year or so , they have been using Yemen , that they knew that there was a much more anti-American atmosphere in Yemen .
Why then did they go there ?
Did they have some other overriding concerns ?
The US has been attempting to support movements for democratization in Yemen and there has been some attempts to buttress the government of Ali Abdullah Saleh and I believe that this is directly tied into that .
There were elections held , I believe , a year or so ago .
The Americans were involved as far as assessing and evaluating the validity of the elections , and I think this grew out of that policy of supporting the Yemeni government , but again the problem that the Yemeni government faces is they do n't actively control the countryside .
That is split between various tribal groups and there is also , as I mentioned , extremists that look at Yemen as , say , heaven .
They have been there for well on 20 years , various groups at different times , of course .
In terms of talking about Yemen and giving us a feeling for what is interesting about this country , another thing that is interesting about it would seem to be that this is a country that had pretty much sided , as I understand it , with Iraq during the Gulf War .
Is that true and if so why is the United States involved with it now ?
That is true .
The government of Yemen , led by the current President Ali Abdullah Saleh , did exhibit pro-Iraqi sentiment during the Gulf War .
As far as the reasoning behind why the US is trying to rebuild its ties with Yemen , again the US policy is to try to build a bridge with as many countries as possible within a region , particularly the Islamic world .
We hope the countries can become potential friends , if not allies , in the region .
So there is a bit of , ok , yes we do n't agree with what you did in the past , but let 's try to put that behind us and look forward .
And what have the developments there led you to believe about the wisdom of that policy ?
The wisdom of trying to establish ties with the Yemeni government , I can certainly see the logic behind that .
Again my specific question comes in to why they moved the refueling activity from Djibouti to Aden , given the level of threat in the country .
It is one thing to build relationships , it is another thing to put actually your men and women on the front line , when they did n't have to be there .
John Moore is a research analyst at the Institute for Foreign Policy Analysis .
He joined us in our studios here in Boston .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Barak will call early elections .
In a speech before Parliament , Barak said the date of the ballot will be announced within the next few days .
Parliament had been debating an opposition motion to hold an early vote .
Barak 's statement is seen as an attempt to seize the initiative after it appeared likely he would lose the debate .
President Clinton is due to meet Israeli and Palestinian negotiators in Washington tomorrow .
They will discuss prospects for peace in the Middle East .
In Yugoslavia today , a Belgrade court indited six members of electoral commissions on charges that they abused their official functions .
Last September , Yugoslavia 's Federal Election Commission published results of a presidential vote , results which , if anyone had believed them , would have necessitated a run off between Slobodan Milosevic and Vojislav Kostunica .
There was no run off , of course , Serbs would n't stand for it .
Now three months later Kostunica is no longer opposing the government .
He is running it .
The World 's Jackie Rolan reports from Belgrade .
The popular uprising which swept Vojislav Kostunica to power , hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets in early October to force Slobodan Milosevic to accept his election defeat and step down .
In the two months since then the United Nations and Western governments have rushed to welcome Yugoslavia back into the international fold , but at home the most noticeable change has been a sharp increase in the cost of living .
President Kostunica says this is inevitable but he sees better times ahead .
We are living all under very difficult conditions .
Social aspirations is very difficult and that is something which has to do with Milosevic regime , sanctions of international community , bombing of this country last year , but what people mostly appreciate is that sense of freedom .
The West has been rewarding the democratic reforms in Serbia with big aid packages , but the money comes with some conditions attached .
Western governments want Serbia to cooperate with the International War Crimes Tribunal in the Hague .
The Tribunal has been allowed to open an office in Belgrade , but it 's not clear how far this cooperation will go .
President Kostunica says he does not agree with demands that Milosevic should be extradited to The Hague .
I am not in favor of that I must say .
I am in favor of trying to go through these processes of responsibility within the country .
I have a very general and many very general objections to the Hague Tribunal .
I can not imagine that just one judicial instant , just one court is actually enough to cope this problems .
After winning the presidency in September , Kostunica and his allies now face a much easier task with Serbian parliamentary elections in less then two weeks time .
The latest opinion polls suggest they will get about 65 % of the vote , while Milosevic and his party would be lucky to win more then a few seats .
The opposition coalition has been an alliance of convenience and President Kostunica admits that it will not last long beyond the elections .
We had to run through these republic elections and with all these differences we are staying till these elections , and later on when we come to some elections , of course , quite normally and for the good of democracy , these differences between the parties within Democratic Opposition of Serbia will appear .
The splits are already visible with public disagreements between Kostunica and Zoran Djindjic , the man expected to form the new Serbian government , so the country faces more political instability in the year ahead and the likely prospect of new elections .
For The World , I am Jacky Rowland in Belgrade .
From BBC News in London , I am James Cawling for The World .
The whole of Serbia has risen up against Slobodan Milosevic .
Those were the words of opposition leader Vojislav Kostunica to crowds in Belgrade .
In a television interview , Kostunica declared he had replaced Milosevic as President .
Earlier hundreds of thousands of people filled the city center demanding Milosevic step down .
Protestors braved clouds of tear gas to take control of the Federal Parliament building , which was set on fire and several television stations .
An announcer appeared on the main channel to announce the arrival of free broadcasting .
Journalist Misha Glenny was on the streets .
The Federal Parliament here is on fire .
Demonstrators have moved into it .
Police are using tear gas all over the place , dispersing many of the demonstrators , but frankly all hell has broken lose here .
The whereabouts of Slobodan Milosevic remain unclear at this hour , but opposition leader Alexander Popovic says it 's now clear his time and power is over .
I think that the majority of the people who are betting that this is the day , this is the end , that today is the end or maybe tomorrow , but that it 's over , that you are going to be free .
In the West Bank and Gaza Strip Israeli soldiers shot and killed three Palestinians today as Israel tightened its blockade of Palestinian cities .
Officials said that closure was punishment for yesterday 's drive - by shootings that killed four Israelis .
NPR 's Jennifer Loden reports .
In addition to not being allowed to enter Israel , Palestinians are not permitted to travel between the West Bank cities now .
Such collective punishment is illegal under Geneva conventions .
Israeli officials say Palestinians can cross checkpoints for humanitarian reasons , but in one village near Ramallah residents said a 34 - year - old man died after Israeli troops refused to let him go to a hospital .
The man had a heart condition and had inhaled tear gas .
Israeli media said the Army is considering further travel restriction for Palestinians in an attempt to prevent more drive - by shootings .
One official calls the new phase of the conflict , the war of the roads .
Palestinians warned that Wednesday , they 'll attempt to block the roads to Jewish settlements .
Jennifer Loden , NPR News , Jerusalem .
The Israeli and Palestinian leaders have spoken by telephone in a new effort to try to stem the ongoing violence in the Middle East .
Israel says the two leaders agree to maintain limited security cooperation .
The phone call took place while the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was holding talks in Moscow with the President Putin .
Nick Childs reports .
The telephone call between the Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat represents another faint glimmer of hope that the two sides may be able to rein in the latest cycle of violence between them .
According to Mr. Barak 's office they 've agreed to maintain a measure of security cooperation , which had been on the verge of complete breakdown .
A phone call also represents something of a coup for Russia , which is anxious to boost its Middle East role .
It was apparently engineered by President Vladimir Putin during his talks with Mr. Arafat .
Nick Childs , BBC News , Jerusalem .
And so the Supreme Court is about to decide a case that will probably determine who becomes the next President .
If this strikes you as an extraordinary turn of events , well it strikes many overseas as nearly unbelievable .
In the democracies of Europe , legal experts are saying it ca n't happen here .
Philippe Shatiney is an editor of the French news weekly , Mahiyan .
Philippe , could it happen anywhere else .
Oh , I really think not .
First of all , because there are so few countries which are organized on the American model with , the powers of the state .
So yes I think there is a lot of bemusement here in Europe about the difficulties that the Americans are having in choosing a President .
I think there is also a lot of amusement though , there is a lot of finger pointing .
It 's always funny for the small guys to laugh when the giant trips over his feet .
Well , let 's look at the United States Supreme Court itself and our justice system , now is there an institution that is independent of politics that serves anything like the function that the US Supreme Court serves ?
Well , yes mostly European judicial systems do have a form of the Supreme Court .
However , for example , in France the strict machinery of justice is separated from the constitutional court , which is a separate body , but yes there also the members are appointed by the President and therefore there also , the members of the Coseque Constitutionalle are somewhat open to criticism that the decisions are often more motivated by politics than they are by the law .
However , I think that the image that we Europeans had , of the American system and especially of the US Supreme Court , was that those justices were above politics and , I think , that is also one of the bad surprises that this election is reserving to us Europeans is that finally your system is not as perfect as we were led to believe .
I wonder in terms of this particular case , now this is certainly an extreme case in the United States with an unfathomably close election , How have other democracies dealt with effective ties , I mean could there for instance be one of elections , you know where our type has gone to the courts , What happens to yours ?
Well , there have been cases in most recent elections in France where the Coseque Constitutionalle having been apprised of doubtful procedures or doubtful ways of counting the votes , have decided either to the election and have it done over again or to in fact change the winner .
However , our electoral system is so much more simple in the sense that we have separate elections for the Presidency , for Parliament , for our mayors and therefore usually most French voters are faced with the difficulty of choosing a little paper ballotenne with a name on it and putting that in an envelop and then put that in the urn , so there is a much less chance of error , at least , in our French system .
Hey , it is interesting there also , when we look at the idea of checks and balances in a non-partisan judiciary , in terms of the checks and balances , that actually originated in France .
Yes indeed , it was a political idea put forward in the writings of the and another very famous french political observer Alexis de Tocqueville who visited America and wrote an amazingly good book about American democracy , said exactly that , that America seemed to him to be the single country in the world who has managed to apply the separation of powers between the judiciary , the executive , and the legislative in a better way than any other country .
So it 's quite surprising for us Europeans to see that the Supreme Court would be involved , not really it seems to us in interpreting the law of the land or the constitution of the United States , but more in deciding the merits of a terribly political case .
Philippe Shatiney , an editor of the French news weekly ' Mahiyan ' .
Nice to speak with you Philippe .
Thank you .
Opposition protests continue in Yugoslavia and President Slobodan Milosevic shows no signs of bowing to international pressure by stepping down .
Now Russian President Vlademier Putin has offered to be a mediator in the Yugoslavia election crisis .
Steve Rosenberg reports from Moscow .
In a written statement Vlademier Putin expressed concern of the mounting tension in Yugoslavia which he described as being fraught with unpredictable consequences .
Since Russia was a true friend of Yugoslavia , the Russian President said he was prepared to step in as peace - maker and help mediate in the crisis .
He invited both Slobodan Milosevic and Vojislav Kostunica to Moscow for talks .
For days now the Russian authorities have been banging on Belgrade 's door offering to help negotiate a peaceful resolution to the conflict .
Steve Rosenburg , BBC News , Moscow .
The results of a news survey show the support for South African President Thabo Mbeki is dropping .
The Institute for Democracy in South Africa , which conducted the survey , found that only half of all South Africans approve of the way their President has handled his job .
Embeke has been widely criticized for questioning the causal link between HIV and AIDS in the face of a pandemic , which threatens to decimate South Africa .
Last week the government announced that the South African President will be withdrawing from the public debate about AIDS .
The World 's Carolyn Demster reports from Johannesburg on the saga , which has tainted Embeke 's image .
President Embeke 's personal interest in HIV and AIDS began during a late night session surfing the Internet .
He located the views of dissident scientists who dispute the causal link between HIV and AIDS , solicited their opinions and then invited them to participate in a Presidential Advisory Panel of AIDS experts .
South African scientists were the first to question the President 's meddling in a scientific debate , which they contended , was already over .
They were pressured into silence .
A declaration of the world 's foremost 5000 AIDS researchers and scientists , stating unequivocally that HIV leads to AIDS was contemptuously dismissed as fit only for the dustbin by the President 's spokesman , and then in a bid to clarify his stance , President Embeke addressed Parliament on the matter .
The program of the government in this country is based on the thesis that HIV causes AIDS .
But Embeke did n't stop there .
AIDS is Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome .
It 's a sensible thing to ask - Does one virus cause a syndrome ?
A virus can not cause a syndrome , and AIDS is a syndrome .
It might be a case of pure semantics but the President has resolutely refused to say clearly that HIV causes AIDS .
He has accused his critics of racism when they point to unsafe sexual practices and the high incidents of rape in South Africa to explain why an estimated 1700 more people are infected with the HI virus everyday .
The ensuing public debate has left South Africans , many of them uneducated and illiterate , confused and helpless .
Here at Berthwana Hospital 's anti-natal clinic on the outskirts of Suheto the extent of the problem is frightening .
This is Africa 's largest hospital and daily the wards fill with patients with AIDS related illnesses .
In the anti-natal clinic slightly less than a third of pregnant women test positive for the HI virus .
Their only hope for their unborn children is to sign up for a trial research program .
This means they will be treated free of charge with antiretroviral drugs , which , have been proven in clinical trials elsewhere in Africa to dramatically reduce the risk of mother to child transmission , but to date the South African government has refused to provide the drugs at state hospitals arguing that they are too expensive .
Florencen Gubeni is a counselor at the HIV AIDS Peri-natal Research Unit .
She is HIV positive and also lost her child to AIDS , and she is angry with President Embeke .
The one man that we believe that he can make a difference by saying something positive and being , he 's the one person who does n't understand whether HIV does cause AIDS .
So of course though we follow him .
he 's the President .
he 's the man .
he 's black , you know , and HIV in reality is affecting a lot of black men and they will take his statement , and that 's what we see that men are starting to say , ' We are men , We do n't have HIV , Even our President says so , Why should we use condoms ? You women are the ones who have HIV , Do it , It 's your own will . '
Florencen Gubeni also says the President 's attitude has made her job as an AIDS educator doubly difficult , especially persuading men to wear condoms .
I really appreciate for him to admit personally that he has made a mistake .
He has said something that has caused a lot of confusion .
But President Embeke is n't backing down .
He is reported to have said that the US Central Intelligence Agency was conspiring to promote the thesis that HIV causes AIDS , this in order to boost the profits of major pharmaceutical companies which manufacture antiretroviral drugs .
He also alleged that this is part of a wider plot to undermine both him as well as South Africa 's attempts to obtain a more equitable world economic order .
Conspiracy theories aside , the reality is that hundreds of thousands of South Africans are suffering and dying needlessly in vivid contrast to developing nations like Uganda , Thailand and Brazil where the governments have adopted a pro-active role in manufacturing low - cost antiretroviral drugs and are running highly successful AIDS education and condom campaigns .
For The World I 'm Carolyn Demster in Johannesburg .
This is The World , a co-production of the BBC World Service , PRI and WGBH in Boston .
I am Tony Kahn .
Al Gore has won a victory in the fight for the White House this evening .
The Florida Supreme Court has ruled that certification of election results in the state can not be made this weekend .
The court will hear more arguments on that , Monday .
The tally of the state 's overseas absentee ballots is also underway this hour , with Gore so far trailing George W Bush , though still by a small margin .
Senior Israeli and Palestinian peace negotiators are both expected in Washington this week to discuss the situation in the Middle East .
The negotiators are expected to meet separately with Secretary of State Madeleine Albright .
NPR 's Tom Gilton has more .
Israeli and Palestinian leaders are both striking a defiant tone .
Palestinian Chairman Yasser Arafat is accusing Israel of destroying the peace process , and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak continues to say he wants timeout from the negotiations due to the ongoing violence , but neither leader wants to cut all ties to the peace process .
The State Department says Arafat has agreed to send his senior peace negotiator , Saab Erekat to Washington to meet with Secretary of State Albright before the end of the week .
Albright is also expected to meet the Israeli Foreign Minister Shlama Ben - Ami some time this week , though the Israeli government has not yet confirmed a date for that meeting .
State Department 's spokesman Richard Voucher said both meetings will be devoted largely to a discussion of ways to reduce Israeli - Palestinian violence .
Tom Gilton , NPR news , Washington .
This is The World .
I am Lisa Mullins .
The United States is the heavyweight champion of the world when it comes to the internet .
Now based on past experience , you 'd think the main challenger for the crown would be Japan .
Well , you would be wrong .
When it comes to the internet , Japan could have been a contender .
This week in Tokyo , a blue ribbon advisory panel wrapped up proposals aimed at turning Japan into an information technology powerhouse by 2005 .
We asked The World 's Lucy Craft to find out how fast the Japanese will have to drive to catch up to the Americans on the information superhighway .
By all appearances , Japan would seem a natural candidate to be the next internet superpower .
At this recent technology trade show in Tokyo , for example , NTT Docomell , Japan 's biggest cell phone maker touted its latest model .
By next year callers will be able to see as well as hear each other , thanks to the addition of a tiny video monitor .
The country that gave the world VCRs , the Walkman and video games continues to churn out entertainment related devices .
One of this Christmas season 's hottest items is this .
A consumer version of a DJ 's night club turntable , complete with simulated scraps , sounds and effects buttons .
Whether it is cell phones , digital cameras or flat TV screens , Japan continues to dominate many sectors of technology and its manufacturing expertise is still world - class , and yet , it 's something of a paradox but after a decade of explosive internet growth around the world , only one in five Japanese goes on line .
It is very difficult to rationally explain why because visibly it does n't make sense .
Lee Daniels is President of Jupiter Telecommunications , Japan 's largest cable operator .
You would think that companies are so knowledgeable , so educated , so technically literate that they would be at the forefront of the development .
Internet access fees here run as much as 10 times as high as in the West , thanks to a near monopoly held by NTT , the politically powerful former state owned telephone company .
Though its sky high rates are why Japanese do n't go on line as much as citizens elsewhere , but Jupiter chief Daniels says it all comes down to conservative , conformist , consensus lobbying Japanese society itself that 's impeding growth of the internet here .
I think it really reverts back in to these traditional values , the way Japanese are educated and basically individualism is not encouraged in neither school setting or corporate setting , and the people who are really making a difference in the United States are individuals who are entrepreneurs .
They will come up with an idea , take the risk and lead .
They are not afraid to go against normal traditional ways of doing things and taking personal risk , and in Japan you do n't see that risk factor as evident as what you would find in the United States .
Which partly explains why Japanese political leaders such as Prime Minister Yoshiro Mori are in a fix .
Well , desperate to escape the economic stagnation that has mired this country for over a decade , they also worry that traditional ways of life would be swept aside by the internet with dotcom jobs replacing life - long employment security , e-commerce endangering business built on personal relationships .
They hate to see some of the traditional values that Japan has always distinguished itself , starting to erode .
Again , Lee Daniels .
And there is a conflict that exists .
As you start moving down this path towards technical innovation , it invites disruption or it brings about the conflict much quicker than I think most people would be prepared to start dealing with it .
I think there is a lot of issues that Japan is starting to question , how do they adapt , how do they change , how do they preserve what is good about their society while making these changes to be more competitive with what 's happening throughout the rest of the world .
In a crisis , such as right after World War II , Japan has proven adept at rapid change , but in the past drastic reform has always been masterminded from above by Japanese bureaucrats .
A true internet connected society and economy wo n't emerge , say experts , without a grassroots led revolution , and that would be a first with this 2000 - year - old country .
For The World , I am Lucy Craft in Tokyo .
The President of Yemen Ali Abdullah Saleh has acknowledged the explosion that killed the 17 American sailors in Aden last week was deliberate .
US authorities insist the blast was a deliberate act but the Yemenis initially called it an accident .
President Salah now says the security forces have preliminary evidence that shows it was a premeditated criminal act .
Up to 20 people have been killed in a massacre by Colombian Marxist guerillas .
The tactics are more commonly associated with right - wing paramilitaries , but as Jeremy Mcdermott reports , the guerillas now seem to be adopting them too .
Everybody was watching the Columbia - Paraguay football match when guerillas of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Columbia or Falk swept into several hamlets in the south - western province of Kalca .
Mirroring the tactics of the right - wing death squads , the Falk arrived in the communities with lists in hand and dragged those they found on the list into the street and executed them .
The paramilitaries have long used the policy of massacres to cut away support for their guerilla enemies .
The guerillas are now adopting the same tactics as the Colombian civil conflict enters its 37th year .
Jeremy Mcdermott , BBC News , Columbia .
From NPR News in Washington , I am Corey Flintoff .
President - elect George W. Bush formally resigned today as governor of Texas .
He said that his six years in office have been a tribute to bipartisan efforts with the legislature .
He said Texas has made steady progress in improving education , the criminal justice system and tax reform .
In the cold and wind whipped waters of the Barents Sea , divers are trying to raise the bodies of 118 sailors from the wrecked Kursk .
The nuclear submarine went down two months ago after two explosions ripped through it .
Now Russian and Norwegian divers are making a man - sized hole in the hull .
That 's the first step in bringing the remains of the crewmembers back to shore .
The BBC 's Steve Rosenberg is in Murmosk .
Steve Rosenberg , where are they now in this salvage operation ?
How is it coming along ?
Well , the international team of deep - sea divers has made good progress today .
Yesterday , if you remember , the weather was extremely bad .
Storms , very high waves , very difficult conditions for the divers to work in .
But the storm has cleared today and from this morning the divers have been down at the bottom of the Barents Sea , working on cutting out this hole in the inner hull of the Kursk .
What happens once they do finish ?
Do they actually enter the submarine ?
How do they go about extracting the bodies of the submariners ?
Well , they wo n't enter straight away .
First of all they have to make sure there are no jagged edges around this hole , because one tear of the protective suits of the divers could prove fatal .
It is a very dangerous operation .
Then they may send in a television camera , a remote - controled television camera to have a look around and see what the conditions are like , and then , based upon the weather conditions , a decision will be made whether to go inside and begin the search for bodies .
The weather is so vital because if the weather is stormy , if the winds are strong , then it makes it extremely dangerous for the Russian divers who will be going inside .
The fear is that the umbilical cord linking the divers ' suits could get tangled , could get damaged , in that order of course , prove fatal .
Are there also concerns regarding disrupting the nuclear fuel aboard the submarine ?
Are there any kind of environmental concerns ?
The Russian officials say there are no environmental concerns at the moment .
A couple of days ago , a small hole was made in the inner hull of the kursk and water samples were taken .
They were tested and the results came back very encouraging .
There was no hint of radiation or leaking fuel , anything like that .
So I think officials are confident that it would be safe to go inside , but having said that , once inside there are a number of dangers , which would face the Russian divers .
First of all , visibility will be very very low .
It 's going to be bitterly cold , and there is going to be enormous danger from jagged pieces of metal which could be swimming around in the submarine .
Given the fact that there are so many dangers and that these divers are risking their own lives , I wonder if there is consideration given to the fact that this may not be really worth it .
I mean have some suggested just leaving the sailors ' bodies there and respecting the site as a grave ?
Yes , I have to say that more and more people in Russia are suggesting that this operation is not worth risking the lives of more people , risking the lives of the deep - sea divers , and in fact , many of the relatives of the crewmembers who died in this tragedy , they too are saying that the operation should be cancelled .
Today many of the relatives met the chief of the Russian Navy and suggested the same thing , but President Putin gave his word that the operation would go ahead , and it does seem as if the operation is going to continue .
Are there any new explanations coming down as to what caused this disaster in the first place ?
Well , today the chief of the Russian Navy , Vladimir Kuroyedov , he actually said he was eighty percent sure that the Kursk had collided with a submarine , I think .
So there has been no other official word , final word about what actually caused this tragedy .
There is a government commission which was set up to investigate the causes of the tragedy , and they whittled out a number of possible causes to three .
They have said that it was either a collision with a foreign submarine , it could have been a collision with a World War II mine , or it could have been a torpedo on board misfiring .
They simply did n't know , but as I say , Admiral Koryerov has said he does believe it was a collision with a submarine , and they 're not sure now whether it was a foreign submarine or a Russian one ?
The chief of the Russian Navy did n't actually specify a foreign submarine , but certainly the Russian government has been suggesting all along that a foreign submarine was involved .
The BBC 's Steve Rosenberg speaking to us from Mermosk .
Steve Rosenberg , thank you for the update .
You 're welcome .
Lawyers for the two Libyans charged with the Lockerbie airliner bombing say they will call no further witnesses , abruptly ending testimony in the trial .
They closed their case after failing to obtain what they say is crucial evidence from Syria .
The BBC 's Andrew Castle reports .
In an unexpected turn of events , defense lawyers told the trial judges that after calling three witnesses , no further evidence will be led on behalf of one of the accused Libyans , Abdul Basit Ali Mohammad Almed Grahi and none at all introduced for the other , Alamin Khaleefa Fima .
As a result , neither of the accused will take the stand to give evidence .
The development follows the refusal by Syria to cooperate with efforts by the court to recover information regarded by defense lawyers as crucial to their case , that the bombing was carried out by militant Palestinians , some of whom were members of an organization with links to Syria .
Andrew Castle .
Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Barak and President Mubarak of Egypt are going to meet in Cairo on Thursday .
That 's as efforts continue to complete a Middle East peace agreement .
President Clinton has given Palestinians and Israelis until tomorrow to accept his proposals as a starting point .
Israel must relinquish sovereignty over most of Arab East Jerusalem and the Palestinians must scale back their demand for the return of refugees as part of the proposal .
Richard Myron reports .
Prime Minister Barak 's scheduled meeting with President Mubarak is being seen by some here as a positive indication that a deal may be close between Israeli and Palestinian negotiating teams in Washington .
The negotiators have been weighing out proposals over the most sensitive matters that divide them .
Mr. Barak may believe that by winning regional support of the deal he can convince the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to agree to the proposals , but even if both sides do agree to compromise on these , the most divisive and thorny issues , they 'll face considerable domestic opposition to a final peace deal .
Richard Myron , BBC , Jerusalem .
This is The World , a co-production of the BBC World Service , PRI , and WGBH in Boston .
I am Lisa Mullins .
A plan was announced today to raise the Russian nuclear submarine ` Kursk ' , next summer , almost a year after it hit the bottom of the Barents Sea following a mysterious accident .
The Kursk Foundation , an international consortium led by the governments of Russia and The Netherlands says it can do the job safely if it can secure the funding .
The BBC 's James Rogers was in Brussels for today 's announcement .
He says there are two main reasons for raising the Kursk .
Obviously the first one is to recover the bodies that remain .
There are still the bodies of more than 100 sailors trapped in the vessel since it sank in the Barents Sea in August of last year .
Secondly , there is a longer - term threat and that 's an environmental threat .
The Kursk Foundation says that the nuclear reactors , there are two on board , are safe for the time being but that the corrosive effects of seawater could in time lead to radioactive leaks into the ocean , which obviously could have devastating consequences on the fishery and the environment in general .
That 's the danger of leaving it down there .
I would think there are risks of bringing it up as well .
I mean this is a huge submarine .
That 's right .
The size of these things is really very surprising .
In fact one of these Russian nuclear submarines is about the length of one and a half football fields .
Now , it 's lying in something over 300 feet of water , so if you can just visualize it being turned on its end , it would stick out of the sea about 200 feet .
It is a huge submarine and nobody is pretending that this , if it goes ahead , is going to be an easy operation .
There are any number of complications , one of which is that as part of the submarine is stuck in sand and clay on the seabed , so that 's going to give resistance once they do try to lift it .
Second problem , as I have already mentioned , two nuclear reactors on board .
They are not going to be able to attach any lifting gear to any parts of the vessel nearby the nuclear reactors for fear of provoking an accident , so it is going to be extremely difficult .
We had heard a few months ago about some theories on how the submarine could be raised .
One of them was using balloons .
Is that what the foundation itself plans on doing ?
That 's not what they are proposing .
Their rescue attempt involves three vessels essentially .
One is a diving ship with two diving bells .
The second is a huge platform with very large cranes on it , perhaps a platform of the type more usually used for oil and gas exploration , and a third vessel involved is what the rescuers describe as a giant offshore barge and the plan is to lift the submarine off the seabed , attach it to the underneath of this barge and then take it to the Russian naval port of Mamansk .
How much is it going to cost and where is the money coming from ?
Well , that 's one of the problems that they are facing so far .
The Kursk Foundation today were mentioning a figure of 70 million dollars .
They have already presented their rescue plans to the European Union .
They are hoping to get some funding from them , but they are going to be looking for worldwide funding because as they see it , the potential environmental consequences make this an international problem requiring an international solution .
It might be worth reiterating that the Kursk was such a prestigious submarine and really held a high position in terms of the Russian Navy , so this is something that Russians themselves are still dealing with even now .
Very much so because obviously we have read a lot in the last few years about how many parts of the Russian naval fleet is essentially rotting and is poorly maintained .
The Kursk certainly was n't part of that .
It was only launched in the 1990s and to a great extent was the pride of the Russian submarine fleet , so it was a great sense of shock when this went down .
for men in the Russian Navy it was a great source of pride to serve in the submarine fleet , and then of course you have the feelings of the relatives to take into account .
There are still more than 100 bodies which have n't been recovered , so at least raising the vessel and being able to return the bodies of the dead sailors to their loved ones might go some small way towards redressing their grief .
The BBC 's James Rogers speaking to us from Brussels .
Thank you for the update James .
Thanks very much .
My pleasure .
This week a court in New York began selecting the jury for the trial of 4 men charged with killing the 12 Americans who died in the bombings of the United States ' embassies in Kenya and Tanzania two years ago .
Two hundred twenty four people died in the simultaneous attacks , more than 200 of them Kenyans .
For the survivors , many of them severely injured , the year since the bombings have been hard .
The BBC 's Cathy Drinkins in Nairobi met up with some of those trying to rebuild their lives from the ruins of the Kenya embassy blast .
I heard a loud sound here and then we tried to look the window .
I later realized that I was down .
I could n't remember what happened thereafter and I found myself in the hospital .
Beatrice Ketch was 23 when the bomb ripped out the windows of the office where she worked opposite the embassy .
Beatrice is lucky in that she has been able to return to a job as a secretary , but she is still having treatment for scars on her legs and arms and face .
I feel very bad because I want to have the very face I used to have before , yeah .
I want to look beautiful .
This scar alone makes me not look beautiful .
Yeah , but you can hardly see it .
It is just under your chin .
Yeah , it 's under my chin , but there is also one on my hand here .
Most people ask me what was wrong .
Some people think maybe we were fighting with someone so I have to explain to them that this one was as a result of the bomb blast .
Another victim , 36 - year - old Simon Macharia has had the unenviable task of trying to explain to policemen that he has n't fallen asleep drunk on a pavement , but has simply been confused .
Since the bombing he has had psychological problems and has found himself locked in a police cell on three occasions after being picked up .
Simon lived in one of Nairobi 's sprawling slums and he has had to give up his job delivering milk because of a hand injury sustained in the blast .
Life for him , his wife and his 6 children has been very difficult .
My wife , she does n't just understand me because one thing she does n't know what 's going on .
I just feel a lot of fury and a lot of anger in me .
My money got finished and then my child comes , who needs a book , needs this .
I do n't have .
Their mother is not able to do that .
It 's been hard to cope with this situation .
Simon and Beatrice are among some 3000 Kenyans who have filed for compensation in the United States with the help of American lawyers .
The legal rendings over the claims will begin soon , but according to Solomon Ombobia of the Bomb Blast Legal Rights Project in Nairobi , the money is needed now .
We have seen people suffering .
We even go to an extent of helping them even to get their bus fare .
It has taken too long .
Some people even come for assistance to even get money so that they can reach to hospitals , so it has taken too long .
After two and half years , the trial is now getting underway in the United States , of four of the men accused of being behind the bombings .
Beatrice Ketch wants justice to be done .
What I feel is those people , they have to be punished severely because so many lives were lost at that time .
Most people were injured .
So me , what I want is that they should be punished .
But the man the United States believes masterminded the attacks , Osama Bin Laden is still at large .
The US government has offered a 5 million dollar reward for information which would lead to his arrest and of other suspects .
For the bombing victims , justice and compensation could still be a long way off .
That 's the BBC 's Cathy Jenkins in Nairobi .
Want another advantage of hydrogen over oil ?
Well , when is the last time you heard of a hydrogen spill threatening a sensitive ecosystem ?
Today more than a week after a tanker spilled a 180 thousand gallons of oil near the Galapagos Islands , experts are warning that it could take several days to drag the ship away , and the tanker 's captain now faces charges that could land him up to 5 years in prison .
The BBC 's Tim Hersh reports from one of the Ecuadorian Islands .
The captain of the Jessica Tokinio Arivalo is being held at the Port Authority building on San Kristobal which looks directly out to the stricken tanker still stranded on a reef after running aground nine days ago .
Mr. Arivala said he had mistaken a channel marker at the entrance to the harbor for a lighthouse .
He spoke of his horror as the vessel ran aground and he realized his mistake .
In that moment I felt like it was right up to me to die .
I know what 's happening now , but that time I did n't know .
I had nine nights , nine days , not eating nor sleeping .
I feel sick because I do n't feel guilty for that .
Formal proceedings are now underway to prosecute Mr. Arivalo and the owners of the Jessica .
An official from the Ecuadorian prosecuting authorities Alfrado Alvea arrived on the island to announce the start of legal action .
The owners of the boat , the captain , the crew , they will send you , all the persons who 've made that damage , up to five years to the jail and pay all the damage they have cost .
Out in the harbor preparations are being made to attach cables to the tanker so that it can be floated and towed out to sea , where it 's expected to be sunk .
Edwin Stanton of the United States Coastguard says the rough sea conditions have helped to reduce the environmental damage from the oil spill .
Paradoxically , the surf that 's washing over the boat and causing damage to the vessel has been mixing the diesel with the heavy oil and allowing both to evaporate and mix into the water very well , so Mother Nature give us and Mother Nature take it away .
No major oil concentrations have been sighted recently more than 6 miles northwest of the source of the vessel , so much of it is naturally dissipating and evaporating .
We are very lucky in that , but conservation scientists are still very concerned about small amounts of oil which have washed up on beaches up to 80 kilometers away , possibly threatening creatures , including Galapagos ' sea turtles .
Ecological disaster may have been averted , but the wildlife is not completely safe yet .
The BBC 's Tim Hersh reporting from the Galapagos Island of San Kristobal .
Peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians have resumed in the Egyptian resort of Taba , two days after the government in Jerusalem suspended them following the killing of two Israelis in the West Bank , but Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Barak has given up hope for a peace deal before next month 's elections and there seems to be no end to the violence on the ground .
Hillary Anderson reports .
Once again the Taba peace talks are on after a lull following the killing of two Israeli citizens earlier in the week , but the violence has n't stopped .
Two Palestinians have died after being shot by Israeli soldiers in Gaza and there were no guarantees that the talks wo n't collapse again .
Israel 's Prime Minister Ehud Barak has said he sees no chance of a deal before Israel 's elections on February 6th .
The officially stated Israeli and Palestinian positions on two major issues , the future of Jerusalem and the fate of millions of Palestinian refugees , are still almost diametrically opposed .
Hillary Anderson , BBC News , Jerusalem .
The Gulf War began 10 years ago tonight and ended 6 weeks later with a decisive US victory over Iraq , but little has changed since then .
The two nations are still bitter enemies .
The United States continues to insist that UN sanctions remain against Iraq until Baghdad completely dismantles its programs of weapons of mass destruction .
The only exception to the trade embargo is the UN Oil for Food Program , which President Saddam Hussein grudgingly accepted 5 years ago .
That program has helped provide Iraqis with basic foods and stabilize the economy somewhat , but Iraq complains that the program is inadequate .
Under it Baghdad has sold 40 billion dollars worth of oil and has received only 10 billion dollars worth of goods .
The rest of the money , 30 billion dollars , has gone to pay war reparations , assist the Kurds in northern Iraq and pay for the UN operation .
Today Iraq 's Oil Minister , Omar Mohammed Rashid called for an end to the Oil for Food Program .
You can not run a country with 23 million people with revenues of 16 billion to 20 billion dollars .
You run it from a security council .
This is totally impossible , even with all the good faith .
So just imagine with all the bad faith .
We know there is absolutely no hope for this program to succeed .
There were other signs today that Iraq 's leaders have few regrets over the action that precipitated the Gulf War .
Iraq 's Deputy Prime Minister defended the 1990 invasion of Kuwait and claimed that his country was the victim of a conspiracy , and Saddam Hussein 's eldest son Uday , who is a member of the Parliament , proposed that Kuwait should be included in a new map of Iraq .
This is The World .
I am Lisa Mullins .
For 16 weeks Palestinians and Israelis have been dying in clashes on the West Bank and Gaza Strip .
Whatever trust once existed between the two sides has just about completely vanished , and that 's why an action that Israel took today could have more significance than is immediately apparent .
Israeli forces dismantled several checkpoints on the main north - south road in Gaza .
In spite of Israel 's efforts to bring about a resumption of full security cooperation with the Palestinians , Ehud Barak has been going the extra mile to make peace .
The Prime Minister 's political survival may depend on it .
He faces the voters in 3 weeks and as The World 's Richard Myron reports , Barak is way behind .
Ariel Sharon , a man once reviled by the Israeli political establishment is now attracting popular support throughout the country .
Supporters call him by his nickname ` Ari ' during a visit to this Jerusalem market and hailed him as the king of Israel .
They shout , `` Only Sharon can bring peace . ''
The 72 - year - old leader of the right wing Likud Party is expected to trounce Ehud Barak in the upcoming election for Prime Minister .
Barak 's Foreign Minister Sloma Ben - Ami was in Paris today in an effort to drum up support for a peace deal and increase the left wing leader 's chances in the election .
Before rushing back for fresh talks with Palestinian negotiators this evening , Ben - Ami acknowledged that an agreement probably would n't happen before the end of President Clinton 's term later this month and Sharon supporters are castigating Barak for bringing chaos in place of the peace deal he promised .
A campaign message for Sharon says , `` Disappointed with Barak , Barak promised , Barak disappointed , Barak must be replaced '' .
Mey Shitreet , Sharon 's campaign manager says only his candidate can bring real peace between Israel and the Palestinians .
The Palestinians are shooting our citizens in our capital after they sign a peace agreement with us .
In this situation Sharon as a Prime Minister will have the ability to calm down the situation and give us the possibility at first , to check again with the Palestinians , do they mean peace ?
It is inconceivable to think that in the same time that the Palestinians go shooting us , we are talking to them about peace .
Sharon has told reporters that he will not honor any deal made before the election if he wins , and declared that the Oslo Accord is an agreement that no longer exists , giving the reason for fighting that has claimed more than 360 lives .
In an interview today with an Arabic language paper in Israel Sharon has been detailing how he 'd deal with the Palestinians .
Sharon says he envisions a series of phased agreements on issues like the status of Jerusalem and Palestinian refugees ' right to return , but he says that progress would depend upon what he calls ` the Palestinian 's behavior ' .
Prime Minister Ehud Barak says the right wing plans are unrealistic and will only lead to conflict .
These are difficult problems and it is hard to solve them .
The difference between Ariel Sharon and us is that we are dealing with them .
When Ariel Sharon speaks about his version of peace , I say to you and to the general public , ask yourselves if this so - called peace has a partner on the other side , because if not , this is just a code word for war .
Barak 's campaign has been presenting Sharon as a danger to the country 's security .
Television ads have portrayed Sharon as a dangerous extremist .
Barak 's campaign has stressed the right wing leader 's role as Minister of Defense during Israel 's disastrous war in Lebanon in the 1980s .
Sharon though , has been presenting himself as a moderate and the unifier for the Israeli people .
Immediately after the elections I am going to call for a national unity government .
So , I think , even that should bring them to behave a little bit nicer , and the one here that have broken all his pledges , I am sorry to say that it 's only Mr. Barak .
According to a opinion poll most Israelis too blame their current Prime Minister for the ongoing crisis with the Palestinians .
Some left - wingers in Israel are now quietly suggesting that it may be better for Barak to step down before the election and allow the veteran Shimon Peres to stand in his place against Sharon , but in the absence of the peace agreement , it may be difficult for any left winger to win over an increasingly skeptical Israeli public .
For The World this is Richard Myron in Tel Aviv .
From BBC News in London , I 'm James Cowling for The World .
A senior Israeli official has concluded talks in Washington with President Clinton .
Prime Minister Barak 's Chief of Staff Giliad Share has delivered Israel 's response to American peace proposals , but at home Barak might face a devastating defeat in the forthcoming elections .
Paul Adams reports .
Israel 's Prime Minister is in trouble .
His efforts to reach a comprehensive peace agreement with the Palestinians have so far yielded nothing .
Now with less than 5 weeks to go before elections , the latest opinion poll suggests he is in for a drubbing at the hands of his right wing challenger Ariel Sharon .
For the first time Mr. Sharon has topped 50 % with Mr. Barak trailing by as much as 28 points .
Israel 's political commentators are unanimous .
In the words of one of the best , `` The Prime Minister 's situation is nearly terminal . ''
Mr. Barak is trying to sell an historic peace agreement to a public that would n't even buy a used car from him .
Paul Adams , BBC News , Jerusalem .
This is BBC News for The World .
Tentative peace talks have resumed between Israelis and Palestinians .
Negotiations were suspended yesterday after the killing of a Jewish settler in Gaza .
Hillary Anderson reports from Jerusalem .
Peace talks are back on track after a tense period following the killing of a Jewish settler in Gaza on Sunday .
A top team of political negotiators have met .
Palestinian officials say no real progress was made .
The negotiators are looking at how to restore lost ground .
Gaza was sealed off after the killing of the Jewish settler , reversing the limited successes of last week 's peace talks .
If security co-operation is not reestablished quickly now the talks could well collapse .
The Palestinians are angry at what they call the heavy - handed Israeli response to the killing of a settler .
Hillary Anderson , BBC News , Jerusalem .
It is 11:00 a.m. on the East Coast .
From the CNN Center in Atlanta , I 'm Fred Fred .
A first here on `` CNN Live Today , '' a spiraling cycle of violence threatening the latest Middle East peace efforts .
This morning Hamas vows revenge for an Israeli missile attack .
Israeli hospital gun ships fired on a jeep in Gaza .
The strike targeted a Hamas leader , and two other people were killed including a mother and bodyguard .
Mike Hanna is tracking the latest developments from there .
He joins us live with the details .
Mike ?
Arthritis .
We liberated the people of Iraq from a brutal dictatorship .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
We brought greater security to people of all nations .
I want to thank the President for Spain 's diplomatic support before the conflict , -LRB- translator speaking -RRB- and for the use of Spanish air space and bases as the war grew closer .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
I also offer my condolences to the family and friends of the two members of the Spanish media who lost their lives while covering the hostilities .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
Both Spain and the United States are committed to a stable , democratic and peaceful future for the people of Iraq .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
Spain has shown that commitment by sending engineering and medical units to help the people of Iraq .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
And I thank you for that help .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
Today , I have moved to ease sanctions imposed by the United States against Iraq 's old government .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
First based on the authority recently given to me by Congress I 'm suspending the Iraq 's Sanctions Act , which restricts the export of certain commitment necessary for Iraq 's reconstruction .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
Secondly , 'm directing the Secretary to relax sanctions on American countries and citizens conducting business in Iraq that contributed to humanitarian reconstruction .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
Soon , at the U.N. Security Council , the United States , Great Britain and Spain will introduce a new resolution to lift the sanctions imposed by the United Nations .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
The regime that the sanctions were directed against no longer rules Iraq .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
And no country in good conscience can support using sanctions to hold back the hopes of the Iraqi people .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
Across the globe , Spain and America will continue as strong allys in the war against terror .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
Today , the United States took steps to cut off financing for the organization because of its ties to the ETA .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
We believe that the people of Spain like everywhere have a right to live free from terror .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
We 'll also work for a better world beyond the war on terror .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
We 're committed to expanding trade which builds prosperity on both sides of the Atlantic .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
We 'll work together to address global poverty in the terrible diseases such as HIV AIDS .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
Spain and the United States will stand on the side of people everywhere striving for greater freedom , tolerance and opportunity .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
We 're determined to help build peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
Last week 's confirmation of Mazen permitted the road map for peace , developed with Russia , the European Union and the United States .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
Spain and the United States are determined to take advantage of this moment of opportunity for peace .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB-
I 'm grateful for the wise council and friendship of Jose Maria Aznar .
-LRB- translator speaking -RRB- -LRB- speaking Spanish -RRB-
Tariq Aziz 's son Ziad looks worried .
He 's willing to talk with us , but not be interviewed , as he explains how his father negotiated his surrender .
He says his father 's night - time handover was dignified , that U.S. forces offered medical support for his father 's heart condition , that has caused two heart attacks recently .
They do n't know when to expect him back , and have been told he faces lots of questions .
Outside , U.S. troops provide occasional protection .
Nearby , a neighbor hopes all will be well .
Another neighbor comes to our car to give his opinion .
He was a normal person , he says , a good neighbor , but a bad politician .
At their nearby store , they prepare to open for their first day of business since the war .
Aziz was a politician he said .
It 's Saddam and the others Americans have problems with .
Maybe he gives us information about the missing people , and perhaps Saddam Hussein .
Further down the road , these men wait for a ride .
Neither have anything bad to say about Aziz .
We call him Mr. Aziz , and I 'm proud of him , says this former traffic cop .
He was cultured , and I wish someone like him rules us .
His friend adds , if all the leaders stayed in Baghdad , then the Americans will catch them .
Across town in a less affluent neighborhood , reactions to Aziz 's arrest are profoundly different .
I did n't hear about it , explains this man , because we did n't have electricity .
When we explained the news to the crowd , a bystander steps forward .
America is playing a trick on us he says .
Where is our government and our security ?
At the pickle store , passions are enflamed by the lack of services .
Aziz is a war criminal says Ahmed .
He should get the death penalty , just like Saddam , 60 times over .
We give Mr. Bush six months to get things right he says , going on to explain , if not , we will fight the Americans .
The biggest problem Tariq Aziz ' family says they now face is that Aziz is now safely in U.S. custody , they do n't know how safe they are out on Baghdad 's streets .
Nic Robertson , CNN , Baghdad .
Senators and a good teacher believes in the possibilities of every boy and girl .
The good teacher sees what is possible .
A good teacher believes in the responsibility of every school to bring out the best in every student , and 2001 , we passed what 's called the No Child Left Behind legislation .
I love that phrase , because it 's a commitment of our nation to make sure that not only does every child excel , but no child gets left behind .
Members of both parties , both Republicans and Democrats came together to pass this law .
Inherent in the law is the vision of high standards , and money to meet the standards .
An historic reforms .
All of which put the education decisions of America in the hands of teachers and principals and local officials .
But we also said that as we seek excellence for every child , we must design accountability systems at the state level to determine whether or not each child is learning .
In order to make sure no child gets left behind , we must understand whether or not each child is learning to read and write and add and subtract .
If there are , there will be plenty of praise .
If not , we will work to design programs to make sure no child gets left behind .
That 's the crux of the law .
Every state met the law 's January 31st deadline for submitting their accountability plans for approval .
I 'm pleased to announce that Secretary Page has approved plans from Arkansas , Missouri and Washington State , which bring the total number of approved plans to 16 covering 16 million children in public schools across America .
Secretary Page and his department will continue working with the rest of the states to get the plans approved as quickly as possible .
People are responding to the challenge at the local level .
People are beginning to develop the accountability systems to show your states and your communities that you 're doing your job , leaving no doubt in the minds of the parents and taxpayers and citizens , some of whom praise public schools , some are critical of public schools , that you 're performing .
They will understand why you 're here being honored in Washington , D.C. as one of the top 54 teachers around our country .
Education reform depends on good laws and good plans but you and I know it ultimately depends on good teachers .
Last June states submitted to the department of education strategies for ensuring that all teachers are highly qualified .
By this September , states will assess the programs they expect to make by 2005 and 2006 school year .
The department is working with states to help teachers meet new definitions of teacher quality , so that every classroom will have a well - trained highly effective teacher like you all .
Our 2003 National Teacher of the Year is an example of the highest professional standards , and the finest personal qualities .
Betsy Rogers teaches first and second grade students and leads Alabama .
She is an accomplished teacher with 22 years in the profession .
She could have her pick of any school , yet she chooses to teach in the school in an underprivileged rural area because she believes that devoted teachers and principals can make a difference in the lives of students from every background .
Teaching is a tradition in Betsy 's family .
Her grandmother was a teacher .
Her mother taught Sunday School for 50 years .
In her own career Betsy Rogers is known for a commitment to students that goes beyond school hours .
She gives before - school tutoring to students who need extra help learning to read , and volunteers on school committees after hours .
She attends sporting events and birthday parties for her students .
She helps the familiar list of disadvantaged students through local church and community groups .
Betsy also encourages her students to help each other .
No matter what your circumstances in life , you can always give .
Teachers like Betsy Rogers put children on the road to becoming good citizens , as importantly , successful adults .
They show students that there are a lot of caring people ready to help along the way .
I thank every one of our teachers of the year for your determination and your love .
Each of you is an example of excellence in the classroom .
Each of you is a model for a young teacher to follow , and your students are fortunate to have talented and good - hearted people in their lives , and our nation is fortunate to have you in the classroom .
Thank you for your work .
May God bless what you do .
And now I 'm pleased to introduce the National Teacher of the Year Betsy Rogers .
Applause
Well , their 15 minutes on top of the world brought them 50 years of fame .
Today , Sir Edmund Hillary being named an honorary citizen of Nepal , to mark his historic climb to the top of Mt. Everest with Sherpa Norgay .
There is concern climbing Everest has become too common , and perhaps a bit too commercial .
I do n't think we have that .
We do n't have anything to demonstrate that commercialality .
All right , let 's show you a little bit of Mt. Everest , the highest summit on the planet .
Some 3D imagery .
There , you see , the big picture of the southern part of Asia .
We 'll bring you down into the Himilayas .
20 million years ago , they were formed when India broke off what was then a piece of Africa and slammed into that portion of Asia , creating this tremendous mountain range , with of course Mt. Everest at 29,000 feet above sea level .
The highest peak of them all .
This 3D animation kind of exaggerates it a little bit .
What I should tell you is there are about 15 possible routes to get you to the top of Mt. Everest .
What Sir Edmund Hillary did and Norgay did was go along this route that takes them across this valley --
You have to turn the picture this way a little bit , shoot back over this range , and bring you up in here .
Then I 'll try to give you my best guesstimation .
Basically , right along this ridge line up to 29,000 feet , into thin air , as it was popularly coined by the book by the name of John Crack Cower a few years ago .
Since that , a lot of people have tried , a lot of people have succeeded .
175 people have died trying to reach the summit of Mt. Everest .
We 're joined by our guest -- where is our guest , by the way ? who is in Kathmandu .
And how 's the party going there ?
Are you there ?
Right now , cast our eyes to the Middle East , getting word that a massive assembly of Shiite Muslims is now come together in Beirut , Lebanon .
This is a rather remarkable arrangement because they are cheering there the arrival of Khatami , the President of Iran .
Now , he is making a trip and you see him there with his hands raised , there with the cloak on , shaking his fists , hands clasped there , in a salute to the crowd .
President Khatami is in Beirut and what is observed here is very closely watched , what kind of words he 'll utter when he speaks to this crowd .
Iran now being pressured by the U.S. to back off on supporting Hezbollah .
Hezbollah is an organization based in Lebanon that has been tied to terrorist activity and Peter Bergen mentioned Saudi Hezbollah an organization working in that country .
The key is going to fwo see whether or not Khatami actually does signal that he is going to be heeding the word of President Bush and backing off in some way in supporting Hezbollah .
That will be a very important development as we continue to watch the Mideast peace process between Palestinians and Israelis develop .
We are seeing that Secretary of State Colin Powell also traveling through the region , trying to get regional leaders there to put more pressure on the Palestinians to stop any terrorist activities that may be happening on their behalf as well in that region .
We 'll watch and listen very closely to President Khatami 's visit there in Beirut , Lebanon .
Moving on , President Bush on road today , where is campaigning again for a tax cut package .
Likely to comment on the developing story in Saudi Arabia .
Chris Burns traveling with the President , he joins us from Indianapolis .
Hi , Chris .
Judith Nathan will wake up tomorrow the wife of Rudy Giuliani .
The couple is preparing to tie the knot at Gracie Mansion in New York tonight .
Mayor Michael Bloomberg will perform the ceremony .
Hundreds have been invited and Placido Domgo will provide the music .
More top stories at the top of the hour .
Now back to `` next@cnn . ''
He was called comic Albuquerque I or Baghdad Bob during the war in Iraq when he kept insisting things were going badly for the U.S. and great for Saddam Hussein .
The Minister of Information or Disinformation vanished when Baghdad fell and has not been seen since , but his legacy remains in a dance tune producers hope will be a huge hit .
More on this now from CNN 's Jim Bolden in London .
Reporter :
They have no control .
Do n't believe them .
What did he say ?
Do n't believe them .
Reporter :
He was unbelievable .
My feelings are as usual .
Reporter :
And he usually did n't tell the truth and now he 's a star .
We thought he was the funniest guy we 'd seen on television since Benny Hill .
Reporter :
A group of London - based dance musicians have produced a Mohammed Saif al Sahaf song , `` I Ca n't Believe What I 'm Hearing . ''
Some of the things he came out with when the American tanks were converging with him .
Pounding them , pounding them .
They are not here .
And they 're behind him all of the time .
Reporter :
The song features Sahaf 's own voice in his own voice .
His voice is brilliant .
He could be a rapper .
If he was a rapper he could get a job doing this kind of thing .
Yeah .
Reporter :
Iraq 's former Information Minister might need a job right now .
Sal Sahaf is nowhere to be found , but his face is virtually everywhere on web sites , coffee cups , t - shirts and dolls .
If he ever does show his face again in the flesh .
He will have a loyal following .
Reporter :
If he does n't claim his royalty , they 'll donate them to an Iraqi children 's charity .
Jim Bolden , CNN , London .
If you 'd like to hear more of the news cal debut of Mohammed Saeed Sal Sahaf , we 've added a link on cnn.com/wolf .
We 'll update you on a drama unfolding off the coast of Florida .
Look at this .
Live pictures , three Cubans .
Will they be rescued ?
Are they trying to swim to shore .
We 'll --
American Airlines may soon have a new destination as well , bankruptcy court .
The airline 's flight attendants union is calling for a new vote on $ 340 million in wage concessions after the disclosure last year of an executive compensation plan .
The world 's largest airline needs the concessions to avoid a bankruptcy filing .
AMR , the parent of American Airlines , cancelled the bonus program and CEO Donald Carty apologized to employees .
The share plunging 40 % here at the NYSE .
The overall market a fairly quiet session .
Volume is thin as some traders take an extended holiday weekend .
Over the next couple of days we 'll continue to get earnings reports .
Today only a few corporate reports and little economic news to move the market .
It 's why the Dow has been fairly range bound .
The Nasdaq at this point little changed .
That is the latest from the New York Stock Exchange .
There is lots more `` Live From '' coming up after the break .
All lumber , no filler .
That 's the verdict after baseball officials x-rayed Sammy Sosa 's entire inventory of bats and found no evidence of cork or any other substance .
That seems to support his contention that the bat got him ejected Tuesday night was a fluke .
Still a decision on what , if any punishment he will face in the wake of that incident Tuesday night .
Gary Tuchman standing by in Chicago , with the latest on the Sosa saga outside of Wrigley Field .
Reporter :
Leon , hello to you .
Three hours from now the Chicago Cubs take the field against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays here at Wrigley Field and Sammy Sosa will be out there with them but how long will he ?
We could find out today .
His punishment , suspension for using a corked bat which is illegal during a game .
Since the incident 33,000 fans in the stands for a night game he received a standing ovation from almost all of them .
I heard a few boos but almost everyone standing .
Not everyone believing this man 's story , which is it was a mistake but he 's a hero here .
These people want to believe his story .
It happened Tuesday night .
In the first inning he hit a ground ball , scored a run .
When he hit the ball , the bat broke .
The umpires found cork in the bat .
It 's illegal because when you put it in the bat it makes the bat lighter .
They hollow out the bat and stick the cork in there to mask the hollow sound .
Then you can swing it lighter and you can swing it faster .
They took 76 of his bats for analysis .
They x-rayed the bats .
The x-rays all came back negative .
But did Major League Baseball have all of Sammy Sosa 's bats ?
We are , as I said , confident , based on not only the presence of security in the club house but also the level of cooperation , the record keeping that we reviewed and so forth , that we have all of the bats .
So I do n't want anyone to misconstrue what I said .
It is conceivable because we did n't have physical presence in the club house that we do not have them all but we are very confident that we do .
I 'm man enough to take everything that I 've done for , and I still walk yesterday like a man and take the blame , but the media today , they got it like I 'm a criminal and that 's something that really bothered me and hurt me as a man .
Reporter :
Now , why did Sammy Sosa have this corked bat ?
Well , he says he has it because he uses it for batting practice to put on a show for the fans .
They asked him how many times he 's used it during batting practice and he says three or four times .
That raises the question Does Major League Baseball have a rule about using corked bats during batting practice .
We asked --
It 's been four years since the U.S. women 's soccer team made history winning the World Cup before more than 90,000 fans at the Rose Bowl .
Everybody remembers that scene .
Brandy Chastain 's kick and Mia Hamm ripping the shirt off .
The Super Bowl of women 's soccer is returning to the U.S. after concerns about Sars in China prompted a change in venue for this year 's tournament .
Lynn Morgan President of the Soccer Association is one of those who has the job of organizing this global event that has only got four months to get put together instead of four years as usual and she joins us from Atlanta this morning .
You see her there .
In Washington , with us now is Mia Hamm , one of the stars of the `99 U.S. team .
She 's now playing for the Washington Freedom of the WUSA .
Ladies , thanks for coming out and talking with us this morning .
Mia , when you heard the news about China now saying they want the U.S. to run the tournament , when you heard that , did you think this is a pleasant surprise or you got to be kidding ?
Several news organizations have filed for -- their reporters had with Scott Peterson .
Peterson was arrested for the murder of his wife and unborn son after their bodies washed ashore in California .
He is awaiting trial .
Prosecutors are required to notify anyone if their phone conversations may be used as evidence .
Peterson 's phones were tapped under a court order .
There is more outrage about perks for executives , both from angry employees and from shareholders as well .
Andy Serwer `` Minding Your Business . ''
Shame on them .
The big focus is American Airlines , the board of the company meeting today , possibly discussing the future of CEO Don Carty .
He got in trouble when he jacked up pensions of the guys in top while asking employees to take big pay cuts , $ 1.8 billion .
Last night , former General Electric CEO Jack Welch talked to Paula Zahn about this issue of corporate greed .
Let 's listen to what he had to say .
It 's one of the parts of America that is great .
People want more and they want other people to have less .
That 's part of the system .
And annual meeting , every year , I went they complained about executive salaries , even though the team that I managed increased shareholder value to $ 600 billion that shareholders received , the larger shareholders being employees .
I think it 's really a question of degree .
I mean , I think that CEOs should make millions of dollars running companies .
There are tens of thousands of employees , billions of dollars of revenue .
A million dollars is okay , maybe 5 million .
$ 100 million to me that is too much money .
Who decides that ?
Seems subjective .
The board is who decides that and board is so often chock full of the CEO 's golfing buddies .
They serve on each other 's boards and problem here is gap between what the average worker makes and CEO is making is increasing and everyone agrees that is not a good thing for this country , plus the fact , when the guys get the big packages , so often you see the companies going down the zblubs .
Thank you for updating us .
Back over to Bill .
Thank you .
Jack looking at SARS .
Talking about the SARS threat worldwide this morning .
The World Health Organization says there are 4200 SARS cases so far , more than 250 deaths in 27 countries and there is no cure , and nobody knows what is causing it .
The question is , Would you change your plans because of the threat of SARS ?
A lot of responses , as in hundreds and hundreds of them , beginning --
Martha Stewart is n't the only corporate figurehead in the news today .
The jury has handed down a $ 30 million , a Grand Rapids jury saying Taco Bell has to pay the true creators of the Chihuahua mascot two men claimed their idea originated , and proved I am in the wrong business .
Taco Bell is appealing .
Joining me is Tom Rinks with his attorney John Doza .
Tom , you 've got to be happy with the settlement .
I know they 're going to appeal , but first tell me how you came up with the Chihuahua character ?
Joe and myself , he 's the partner , we were looking to design some licenses to put on some t - shirts , and at the time big dogs were big , and all the mean dogs , and no fear was a big hit , and we thought it was time for a bit of a change for the 18 crowd .
So we actually took the opposite of all that , and looked for the smallest , weakest , most timid animal , and tried to make him cool , tried to make him big , and we knew if he gave him some spunk , everybody would root for him .
How did the Taco Bell folks run into you ?
They actually came to us at a licensing show .
We had been licensing to a bunch of different manufacturers , and in 1996 we were at a show in New York City where Nick Loada and Universal Studios , and Taco Bell walked up to us and said they were looking for a masscot for their brand and this would be perfect .
That started a year relationship we had with them .
And it went on for a year , and you thought it did n't pan out and then you pick up a trade paper and read they 're going ahead with it ?
After we 'd finalized all the commercials , and actually done the campaign for them , they hired a new ad agency , and telephone calls just started staggering off .
Then they stopped coming , and we heard about the ads , and they were exactly what we had presented for over a year .
When you first heard that , or read that , did you just go ballistic ?
I mean , no offense , but it was you and one other guy who created this thing .
They 're a huge , huge corporation .
Yeah , it was devastating , to say the least , but we really did n't know --
A defense attorney calls it his worst nightmare .
A convicted murderer is released from prison before serving his full sentence and then a nightmare becomes reality .
It happened last week .
Michael Sears was determined to prove he was no longer a threat .
His psychiatrist backed him up .
Sears was serving a 30 - year sentence for the self - confessed 1992 killing of his wife in Clinton , Maryland , but after a relentless campaign that included a letter from his psychiatrist saying Sears was unlikely to commit such violence again , the judge in this case , got him released .
He served less than nine years .
Maryland is the only state that allows unchecked judicial reconsideration , allowing judges to reduce prison terms at any time after sentencing .
Those favoring the rule say it gives convicts incentive to behave in prison and enables judges to release prisoners if new evidence comes to light .
At some point after his release , Michael Sears befriended a woman named Darlene Williamson .
Last week Williamson , a mother of four , was found stabbed to death at a condominium in Greenbelt , Maryland .
The official resident of that condo , the man now charged with her murder , Michael Sears .
Today the judge in the case retired Prince Georges County Circuit Court Judge issued a statement to the news media .
He called the case and I 'm quoting now , a judge 's worst nightmare , but he noted that Maryland parole boards and the facility where Michael Sears was held , the institution made what the judge called the final decision on whether to release Sears .
The psychiatrist , by the way , who wrote a letter on Michael Sears ' behalf , Neil Blumberg had a two - word response in an article in the Washington Post , My goodness .
He was pretty surprised .
Sears ' defense attorney who persuaded the judge to reduce the sentence , told the Post and I 'm quoting , I 'm very saddened .
It makes me sick as a defense attorney .
As a defense attorney it 's your worst nightmare .
Let 's get perspective on this shocking case .
Glen I'vey is the Prince Georges County , Maryland , state attorney .
It does n't get more shocking than this .
How could this happen ?
We 're getting breaking news to us , from Jerusalem .
We understand there has been an explosion there .
This right now , again , following up in the last few days of violent activity we 've seen in the wake of what was widely perceived to be as progress in the peace process .
We understand that a bus exploded .
We are hearing it happened in downtown Jerusalem .
Do we have Mike Hanna available ?
Trying to get Mike Hanna our Jerusalem Bureau chief , who was just on the air with us a matter of minutes ago , with the latest update on what was happening there and it appears in the time since we 've talked to Mike and also talked to Professor about the peace process , evidence again that the resistance to any progress does continue .
We are now hearing once again , this coming to us off Associated Press wires there was an explosion there and we understand that several people have been killed .
Again , this is what we 're getting from the Associated Press .
We 're trying to get ahold of our reporters in Jerusalem to give us the latest .
And this being the latest in a series of what has become an almost customary tit for tat exchange of violent activity .
Last week , if you may recall , there was a strike on Afraid in which a number of Israeli soldiers were killed , that executed by coordinated group of Islamic Jihad as well as Al AK Satisfy Martyr Brigades , and Hamas all claiming responsibility for that and the strike ordered by Sharon against the Palestinian leadership , targeting a top leader , Mr. Rantissi who escaped the helicopter rocket attack on his motorcade .
However , two others who were there did die .
This now .
This happened over the weekend and then this morning , we 're hearing it appear as though perhaps there has been another retalitory strike of some kind .
We ca n't confirm that is what happened .
All we can tell you , there was an explosion on a bus in Jerusalem in central Jerusalem .
A number of people killed , perhaps several people being killed in the explosion , which happened just moments ago .
Once again , we 're trying to get ahold of our Mike Hanna , who was just with us on the phone .
I believe Mike is over in Jerusalem in the bureau working the telephones , trying to get as much information as he can and once he gets something we 'll deliver it to you .
We 'll take a break and when we come back , we 'll pick up coverage of this development in Jerusalem with Mike Hanna .
How 's that new analyst doing ?
He 's really hit the ground running .
Even the traders are complimenting him .
crash
Interesting stock presentation this morning .
whoosh
When you manage the kind of money we do , you tend to be a little more demanding .
Evergreen , investments that stand the test of time .
Coalition forces in Iraq have captured a member of a terrorist group with links to al Qaeda .
Sources tell our national security correspondent , David Ensor , that the terrorist is a member of a group operating in the west of Baghdad .
That group is led by Abu Musab Zarqawi .
U.S. officials believe Zarqawi planned the assassination of U.S. diplomat Lawrence Foley in Jordan last October .
Coalition forces also said Saddam Hussein 's former Oil Minister has surrendered .
He was an expert on Iraq 's missile systems as well .
The former minister , the 6 of spades in the deck of cards , showing the most wanted members of the Saddam Hussein regime .
He is married to the Iraqi microbiologist known as Dr. Germ .
She was in charge of the Iraqi facility that weaponized anthrax .
The former governor of Basra Province also surrendered to coalition forces today .
He was the 8 of clubs .
Another six executives from Enron could be charged with securities fraud and other crimes .
Federal prosecutors notified the former employees that they could face charges as early as this week .
They would join seven other executives already charged .
Abe our Enron corporate America score board sets 50 executives now charged in America , seven of them , as I said , at Enron .
No one , no one is sent to prison .
Been 511 days since Enron filed for bankruptcies .
A national weeklong terror drill began in Seattle and an industrial lot in the city . strewn with smashed cars , buses and other debris representing the hypothetical damage from a fan that sized radioactive dirty bomb .
The test designed to measure the responsiveness of emergency workers to a terrorist attack .
It 's been a year and a half since a series of anthrax attacks killed five people .
No one has ever been arrested in connection with that case and the FBI is considering draining a Maryland pond relating to evidence for those unsolved attacks .
Kelli Arena reports .
Reporter :
The FBI 's interest in this state park in Maryland dates back to last December .
Officials got a tip back then that someone may have dumped equipment into one of the park 's ponds .
Officials say they found the tip significant because the pond is about ten miles from Fort Dietrick where the Army experimented with anthrax .
Agents searched the area at least four times since then .
The mayor says the FBI is now considering draining one of the ponds .
The police chief Dine is in regular contact with the FBI .
There are a number of facets to this investigation .
It 's very , very significant .
After all , it is a murder investigation , multiple murder investigation , so I 'm sure there are a number of avenues that they 're looking into .
Reporter :
According to government sources , agents in December found a large plastic enclosed container with large openings on the side .
Officials say there is no evidence connecting anything found in the park to anthrax or the anthrax attacks , nor is there any evidence linking any individual to the deadly anthrax letters .
The FBI has said nothing publicly about anyone it may be investigating , but Attorney General John Ashcroft did refer publicly to Steven Hatfield , a former researcher as a person of interest .
He 's repeatedly proclaimed his innocence and the spokesman told CNN --
Well , the FBI can drain the Pacific Ocean but they wo n't find any evidence that he was involved with the attacks because he had nothing to do with the anthrax attacks at all .
Reporter :
Investigators involved in this case clearly frustrated .
18 months later , still not one single arrest for those attacks that killed five people and sickened 13 others .
LOU ?
Kelly , where does this investigation on Hatfield stand ?
I mean , I ca n't think of another case like it .
We 've got rather public statements by law enforcement officials saying that he is the suspect that they think he 's the guy and then we have denial and then we have this stuff .
It 's really -- really extraordinary .
Reporter :
Well , the Attorney General has been the only person that has even mentioned Steven Hatfield 's name publicly and he called him a person of interest , not a suspect .
But --
Five motions are being heard today in the case of Lee Boyd Malvo , the teenage sniper suspect .
One for a change of venue .
Defense attorneys argue that there has been so much pretrial publicity , including an alleged confession from Malvo , that this has tainted the jury pool .
Their more intriguing argument is that one of the charges against Malvo is under Virginia 's anti-terrorism statute and they argue that every resident of Fairfax County is potentially a member of the victim 's class . And therefore , disqualified from serving as a juror .
The prosecutor will argue against this motion .
He calls it factually proposterous .
If history is any guide , this motion will have a tough time .
No case has been moved out of Fairfax County since 1974 .
There also is a motion to dismiss this case .
Defense attorneys argue that an individual can not be charged under federal law and then state law for the same act .
Prosecutors again will argue against the motion .
Three other motions as well .
One of those for a handwriting expert , the other motions relate to getting background information relating to ballistics testing and DNA testing .
Malvo on trial here in Fairfax County for the murder of Linda Franklin , the FBI analyst who was gunned down in a Home Depot parking lot .
That 's just one of the ten sniper shootings here in the greater Washington area .
Today 's motions hearing just part of the preliminary skirmishing .
The actual trial will be getting under way this fall .
Jeanne Meserve , CNN , Fairfax County , Virginia .
Welcome back .
Check in with Jack Cafferty as we look at the fountains outside of time answer life .
We were talking about the road map to Middle East peace and ran a footage about the chicken and these dogs .
There is the picture .
The golden retrieverr on the left had a litter of pups and the chicken got in the pen .
A real story , they 're all hanging out .
It looks as though the puppies in one of the shots is trying to get lunch from the chicken .
That is what they 're doing , jack !
We got a lot of e-mails to us on the East Coast who do n't know about the farm .
The answer is apparently , , you can not nurse a chicken .
Bill .
There you go .
The question should be what is the chicken getting out of this .
I do n't want to go there .
I.K. in New Jersey a biology teacher , I can tell you without hesitation , a chicken can not be nursed .
Only mammals that have distinct biological feature .
Chickens are also devoid of hen 's teeth , much to the satisfaction of those little puppies .
You do n't -- city people ?
No .
Our viewers are nice , not nasty .
Here is the explanation .
This is the real deal .
Any farm kid knows that certain animals can not see for a few days after they 're born , including puppies .
The puppies try to nurse the chicken hen .
They do that by feel , not sight .
A chicken hen is warm and comfortable , so they try their luck and eventually feel their way back to the mother dog where things work out better for them .
I 'm so glad that 's cleared up .
We 'll get back to the --
Some breaking news out of Fort Worth , Texas , tonight .
A big shake - up at American Airlines .
Let 's turn to Gregg Clarkin who is on the ground in Texas with the very latest .
Good evening , Gregg .
What happened ?
Reporter :
Good evening , Paula .
A management blunder we heard an awful lot about on behalf of Donald Carty , the CEO of American Airlines ' parent company AMR has cost Carty his job .
The company announcing that Donald Carty is out as CEO .
He 'll be replaced by Gerald Aftery .
Carty , if you recall has been pressuring unions over the last couple of months to accept steep pay cuts , cutting back their vacation time and holiday pay , as well , saying the company needed these concessions at bankruptcy court .
No sooner did the unions agree to these concessions than it became known that Carty and some of his top executives had been given a bit of a package of perks , perks that included a trust fund to protect some of the pensions in the event of a bankruptcy as well as retention bonuses .
When the unions learned of that they became outraged and said confidence and trust in Carty was damaged without repair .
Carty is out as CEO of AMR , the parent of American , the world 's largest airline .
One other topic still to be decided , bankruptcy .
The company saying if they do n't get the flight attendants to concede to a special offer , they will indeed file for bankruptcy .
Back to you .
Thank you very much .
The chief executive of the world 's largest airline has resigned , not a completely unexpected move because several board members talked about wanting him to leave .
We will move on to other material now .
As we 've been reporting , nobody seems to know for sure if Saddam Hussein is dead or alive .
Whatever his fate , he left behind some videos , home videos , in fact .
Bruce Burkhart has taken a look and he says they show a very different side of a former Iraqi ruler .
Reporter :
Who was that nice man strolling with his wife ?
Yes , it 's him , the cruel and ruthless Iraqi dictator , Saddam Hussein .
All warm , fuzzy .
Romanticly strolling with his first wife on a snowy path .
Trendy leather coat , furry hat .
Gently kissing her good-bye like a good husband at the now famous Saddam Hussein International Airport .
Tailored suit .
Shyly a modest cake for his 50th birthday .
Happily chatting with peasants behind the wheel of his white Mercedes .
Well , this is not an episode of Joe Dictator , or an Iraqi version of The Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous .
These are videotapes from the '80s found in a palace of Saddam Hussein 's first wife .
Bizarre imagery almost surreal , but a reminder that even brutal dictators have a private --
Another blast , a massive blast in northern Chechnya which killed 37 people and injured nearly 200 others .
News of that begins today 's time line .
That occurred at 2 a.m. Eastern time .
Russian officials say a suicide bomber drove a truck packed with explosives into government buildings in Chechnya .
President Putin blames the attack on Chechnyan rebels .
The truck drew fire after driving past a security checkpoint and through a wall barricading the buildings .
If you 're just starting your week , Good morning , once again .
7:30 up and down the East Coast .
Welcome back to `` American Morning . ''
overseas , President Bush will leave France in a few hour 's time after a second meeting face - to - face in private with French President Jacque Chirac today .
The President called that meeting helpful and said the disagreement between the United States and France over Iraq does not mean the two countries have to be disagreeable .
Mr. Bush travels next to Egypt and he will enter Middle East peace talks at Middle East .
He says he will spend as much time as necessary to achieve peace between the Israelis and Palestinians .
A key trip continues for the week .
Want to say hello again to Daryn Right ?
A series of commercials people are not as fond of featuring Carrot Top as he pitches for one of the oldest and most revered corporations in the land , AT&T .
We 're training here ?
Train your finger to dial up the center .
It 's free for you , and cheap for them .
Carrot Top 's major exposure on the tube is n't just something that makes us curious .
`` Fortune '' magazine looked into his commercial appeal .
There must be some .
Andy can explain why he 's a hot commodity .
No , I ca n't explain at all .
I want to sound off .
This blows my mind .
Probably the most annoying person on the planet .
I do n't say that lightly .
The most annoying person on the planet .
Here is this old blue chip company that uses him as a pitch man .
I 've never heard of this guy before they started doing these commercials .
Now he 's more and more famous .
He 's hitting on girls , advertising long distance .
What is this Carrot Top ?
Does anyone like Carrot Top ?
It 's disgusting .
he flew under my radar .
I called Atlanta to get background on this guy .
The San Francisco Chronicle did a survey with its readers of most annoying celebrities famous for just being famous .
Carrot Top .
Kathy Lee Gifford number two .
He was n't a celebrity until AT&T ever made him one .
Anybody call you carrot top ?
Auburn top ?
Nobody 's a celebrity until the media makes him one .
Do n't be picking on my friend Susan .
You 're really exercised about this .
He 's trying to make a living .
Has somebody from your magazine spent time with him ?
Yes , and hates him as much as everyone else does .
He spent time with this guy and there was Stockholm syndrome .
He ended up liking the guy .
Maybe he 's a nice guy .
It does n't have to be Stockholm syndrome .
In defense of Carrot Top , he knows he 's insane and annoying and acknowledges it .
He wrote Carrot Top is one of those C list celebrities who wormed their way into your consciousness without you knowing how it happened .
Here 's a story about a kid who 's stormed into our consciousness , LeBron James , the high school basketball phenom out of Ohio .
He just signed , only 18 , a senior , has not played one nanosecond in the NBA yet , yet already signed a sneaker deal that AP reports is worth more than $ 90 million .
LeBron James is expected to be Cleveland 's top pick after they won the number one pick in the NBA lottery .
Nike is hoping the phenom will help boost their sales of basketball shoes to that crucial team market , and of course everybody 's got an opinion whether the kid is going to skip college and go right into the pros , worth this kind of money .
This is mega bucks .
They only paid Tiger Woods $ 40 million for his deal coming out of Stanford University , but he had an amateur golf career where he posted scores and did things comparable to what is done on the PGA Tour .
Nobody knows if this kid can play against Shaquille O'Neal or not .
Nike and NBA are looking for the next big thing .
It 's not only of course his basketball skills , which is unquestionable , but his personality .
Then if in fact the team he ultimately plays on , whether the Cleveland Cavaliers , or somebody else , whether they actually are any good .
Name the starting five of the Cavaliers .
I ca n't , that 's my point .
They had the lowest attendance in the NBA , I checked it out .
This guy .
Martha Stewart is one of those stories that is in the news big time again .
She resigned as Chairman and CEO of Martha Stewart Living , Omnimedia , the company that bears her name , after pleading not guilty to a laundry list of charges brought by the Justice Department and the SEC , insider trading , obstruction of justice , conspiracy to hide what they say is an illegal stock sale , we 're talking about 4,000 shares of stock that netted her about $ 225,000 .
How does this compare with other corporate scandals ?
Enron 's bankruptcy cost thousands of people their jobs and their life savings and Kenny Lay and the chairman and president , both of that company remain unindicted .
The chief financial officer is the only one there taking the fall .
WorldCom once employed 80,000 people and went broke on the largest corporate bankruptcy in the United States .
Bernie Evers is living his life and unindicted .
The CEO took the fall there .
Tyco 's CEO and President Dennis Kozlowski and the last time I looked , he was sailing around Martha Vinyard on his yacht .
At the time , Martha Stewart was worth in the neighborhood of $ 1 billion , so you could make the argument she might have been guilty of stupidity .
But the question Is she being unfairly singled out for prosecution ?
The e-mail address is am@cnn.com. and I 'm sure we 'll hear from many of you and we will select some of the responses and share them with you a bit later .
What makes something worth a billion dollars have to grab the phone after losing two grand with a falling stock price ?
It could be arrogance or factors of being a powerful woman and the celebrity --
Adrenaline is high on the flight deck of this carrier at war .
Soon after dawn on this fourth day , confirmation of the ship 's first strike .
Fourth day of combat operations today bore fruit for the air wing and the ship team here .
We had F aircraft drop laser - guided bombs , Fs drop Joint Direct Attack Munitions or J - DAM weapons into eastern Afghanistan today .
This is the first of an unknown number of strikes we 'll conduct during our watch in `` Operation Enduring Freedom . ''
They 'll come back high - fiving and feeling pretty good about it but it is a bit of a somber event that they 're going through out here .
But the biggest thing you 're seeing is the intensity .
Reporter :
The fighter jets dropped their ordnance in a coordinated atack on a convoy near the Afghan city of Choft .
The Pentagon says the convoy was Taliban and al Qaeda troops .
There was an attack on a convoy of leadership that was identified through various intelligence means .
That was done within the last 24 hours .
Reporter :
But the strikes prove controversial .
Local Afghans in the convoy say it was a group of elders on their way to the inaugural ceremony for interim Afghan leader Hamid Karzai .
Analysts believe some tribal warlords may have taken advantage of American firepower by accusing rival leaders of being Taliban and misguiding U.S. intelligence .
The consequence of injuring or hurting someone who is friendly or nonparticipant in combat is very difficult to deal with , and we go to extreme details in -- and do a lot of training as well to make sure that does n't happen .
We have dropped ordnance today , and I 'm sure we 'll continue to drop ordnance , and do it with precision , do it with accuracy , and do it on call when needed first time every time .
Holy , holy , holy .
Reporter :
As the `` John C. Stennis '' ends its first week of operations in the Arabian Sea , Christmas is only a few days away .
Though a choir rehearses in the chapel for a Christmas event , for the crew , it is another workday , their first day off wo n't be for another three weeks .
It is another day for me .
When I 'm out here , I do n't look at a calendar , I do n't think about it .
I stay busy at work .
Reporter :
But there are other chances for the SMIP to gather like this moment of pride to honor sailors who earned a promotion in rank .
It is called a frocking ceremony .
There is a sense of respect that you 'll agree as you walk around this crew is there .
As they take care of one another the whole community comes together .
they follow together as a team or they win together as a team , and I always encourage them to take care of themselves , because if they do n't take care of themselves , then it kind of all falls apart at the seams .
Reporter :
Last time we saw this sailor he was washing dishes in the galley .
Now he 's been promoted , and pilots Sarah `` Clutch '' Joiner and Russ `` Gladys '' Knight say their final good - byes .
Goggles down , let 's go .
Reporter :
Before boarding a cargo flight off the `` USS Stennis . ''
They 'll be home in time for Christmas .
I 've been here for four and a half years .
It is probably time to go , but I 'm going to miss them .
They 're pretty much my family right now , or my family away from my family .
Reporter :
Savoring every last minute on the ship , Commander Knight rushes to the flight only seconds before the door closes .
Had is the best tour of my life .
19 years in the Navy , it has been the best tour of my life .
Reporter :
For the rest of the crew , there is five more months to go in this deployment , and no one knows how long America 's new war on terrorism will keep the `` USS John C. Stennis '' engaged in battle , on highest alert as a carrier at war .
We continue with the pride and professionalism we have shown to date , we ca n't do anything but be successful .
Please make sure you take care of your ship .
Take care of yourselves .
We are back .
It 's been a few days since we had any new developments in the Laci Peterson case .
It appears we do have something to talk about this morning , perhaps a search for some new evidence under way .
Let 's check in with our Rusty Dornin , out in Modesto , California , with the latest on that .
Reporter :
We knew it was a matter of time before police got back into the water in San Francisco Bay looking for more evidence in the Laci Peterson case .
That happened this morning .
Numerous R agencies ' boats with sonar technology and divers into San Francisco Bay .
They came from the Richmond marina as well as the Urbuinano Island , the Coast Guard station .
It 's being used as a staging area .
They are going to be launching a search for what may be left in the bay here now .
As you know about a month ago Laci Peterson 's body washed up right here , an area called Point Isabelle .
Right across the channel here is an area known as Brooks Island .
police say that is where Scott Peterson told them that he did go fishing the day that Laci Peterson did disappear .
Now , a source close to the investigation has told me that what they are really looking for are concrete anchors or weights which may have parts of Laci Peterson 's body or clothing or something attached to it , that they did discover a concrete weight in Scott Peterson 's warehouse .
If it matched , that would be something that could link Scott Peterson -- it would be like a smoking gun in this case .
Inevitably they are looking for something linked to Laci Peterson , whether --
Plus The Matrix Unloaded .
Hollywood unleashes the special effects extravaganza .
we 'll show you .
Stay with us .
Major fighting may be over , but many American service men and women injured in Iraq are just beginning the very long process of recovery .
Besides the Naval Hospital outside Washington , D.c. , has already treated more than 200 Marines and sailors from the war in Iraq .
19 of them are still there .
I visited some of them only yesterday including one Marine whose life was saved by a twist of fate .
What strikes you about Patrick Teeterman and so many of his buddies is how young they are .
Corporal Teeterman , a fresh - faced kid from Chicago had a job more important and dangerous than you 'll find in the hands of most 21 - year - olds .
I 'm a sniper platoon leader for Dirst Battalion Naval Marines .
Reporter :
The story of how he got to Washington , D.c. , is compelling for several reasons , starting with how close he came to not being here at all .
I was definitely blessed that I 'm not paralyzed or dead .
Reporter :
and how close he came to witnessing history .
24 hours before the fall of Baghdad , 24 hours before his fellow Marines engaged in a fierce firefight at Baghdad University , Teeterman 's orders had him just south of the capital taking out Iraqi resistance atop a warehouse roof .
There were small pockets of resistance in the area , two , three man groups who had AKs and possibly RPGs and what not and our job was to just observe forward and make sure no one was waiting to ambush the AVs or the tanks and I was on a metal roof and I stepped --
Let 's look now at a potential rising star from the next generation in the sports realm .
The National Basketball Association holds its draft on the 26th of this month .
Ohio high school player , high school , we said , LeBron James , will be the top dog .
Most likely drafted by the Cleveland Cavaliers get the first pick because of their status .
James already scored back in a $ 90 million Nike deal .
$ 90 million .
But when basketball fans were asked in a Cnn / `` USA Today '' poll just how good James will be , 18 % say he 'll be among the best .
Slim margin .
Most think he 'll be very good .
Another 18 % are convinced he 'll be just average or below .
Skeptical fans .
As for that $ 90 million shoe contract with Nike , it may be a good deal for James .
No doubt about that .
33 % of basketball fans see it as a bad deal for Nike .
They must know something about shoes .
Good evening , everyone .
Tonight , the Middle East peace process is in danger of being swept away by violence .
President Bush called upon the world to stop terrorism after a suicide bomb attack on a bus in Jerusalem today .
16 people were killed .
At least 70 were injured .
Shortly afterward , Israel killed seven people in Gaza , two of them members of Hamas .
Mike Hanna in Jerusalem , but first , going to Kelly Wallace in Kbasda where there 's more helicopter attacks tonight .
Kelly ?
President Bush heads to the G summit in France on Friday with victory over Saddam Hussein and in his pocket and a soaring approval rating by the American public , but do Europeans share the same enthusiasm for the President ?
Our senior political analyst Bill Schneider reports on the results of a brand new poll .
We have an update now on a dramatic story that people everywhere around the world are talking about .
Last week we told you about Aaron Ralston , the 27 - year - old outdoorsman who amputated his own arm with a pocket knife after spending five days pinned by a boulder .
For the first time we 're hearing from his parents and they 're sharing some thoughts about what he told them about this amazing ordeal .
Arthel Neville is joining us from the CNN newsroom in Atlanta with details .
First of all , if I could update you on Aaron 's progress .
Over the weekend he was upgraded to fair condition and he was scheduled to have surgery today to prepare what remains of his arm for a prosthetic .
His ordeal started a week ago Saturday when he was climbing in remote canyons in Utah alone .
When he put his arm into a crack in the canyon wall , an 800 pound boulder shifted , pinning him right there .
Now three days later his water ran out and on the fifth day he made the unimaginable decision to amputate his arm below the elbow with a pocket knife .
He applied a turn to keep from bleeding to death .
He climbed back down to the canyon floor and hiked five miles before he was found .
Then Aaron was airlifted to a hospital where he was able to walk in on his own .
Now less than an hour ago , his parents spoke with reporters in Grand Junction , Colorado , where he is being treated .
Aaron mentioned that as he got near the destination the night before his trek , that he realized he had n't left word and he actually thought about making that call and thought it was too late .
Immediately when his boss called to say he had not reported for work , immediately I knew something really , really bad was wrong .
It was n't until just a few minutes after 3:00 on Thursday afternoon when the call came back again that they had found him and he was alive and all I could say was Thank God , and from there you all know pretty much what happened .
By the way this was n't Aron 's first brush with death .
This year he and two friends survived an avalanche in Colorado , but if you think he 's done , well he 's not .
He 's trying to become first person to climb all the Colorado mountains higher than 14,000 feet , and , Wolf , he wants to do this alone .
Arthel Neville this is an amazing story .
Thank you for sharing with us and our viewers all the latest developments .
We 'll continue to watch his progress .
Arthel Neville in the CNN news room .
Our web question of the day is this --
We 'll have the results immediately when he can woman back .
Deal .
We have a bachelorette party that wants to find a great hotel in Florida , and money 's tight .
O shouting deination Orbitz Wellir .
Our new hotel matrix is loaded with options .
I just negotiated another Orbitz saver for a hotel in Miami .
In fact , Hunt and Starr are there right now .
This Orbitz savehote is amazing .
Close to the beach , and the view 's magnificent .
It certainly is .
If you watch `` Newsnight '' regularly and you do , do n't you ? you know that we are fans of still photographers and trying to bring their work in Iraq and tonight again , we do .
Eric Seals of Knight - Ridder Trainchl shooting for the Detroit Free Press .
He was to his chagrin , could be the most toughest and important battle of them all , winning the peace .
Reporter :
Before the war , I was in Jordan .
We were waiting for the Iraqi refugees to show off .
Everyone thought would stream from Iraq and from Baghdad into the Jordan , like did in 1991 , but the Iraqi did n't show up .
On April 9th , about 130 journalists from around the world including myself and a couple of reporters , we were going to try to cross the border because we were all desperate to get into Iraq .
Two days after the Saddam statue fell and we all knew it was over .
My name is Eric Salees .
I am a photographer at Detroit Free Press and currently working in Baghdad and been here about a week and a half .
156 Iraqi police officers were supposed to show up to this college to report for work , but instead , 2,000 showed up because they heard about it on the radio , so the whole college was swarmed with police officers wanting their jobs back , and this gentleman was kind of in charge of the whole operation and one man has his arms up yelling at him .
Was basically an angry officer demanding his job .
We came across a checkpoint and there were about maybe five , six Iraqi locals with AK machine guns and checking cars .
Those kind of neat that the Iraqis are taking pride in the fall of the regime and wanting to restore order themselves .
We had heard rumors of an underground prison , and rumor had it there was a bunch of Kuwaitis and one American held in this underground prison that people forgot about , so we went into this bunker hoping to find a prison and run into these prisoners and instead we ran into a room full of weapons from bullets to hand grenade , land mines , rocket - propelled grenades .
Besides weapons , there was paperwork all over the --
The `` USS Abraham Lincoln , '' it 's a guided missile destroyer .
They fired off 50 Tomahawk missiles during `` Operation Iraqi Freedom . ''
You talk about the capability of this ship .
The other mission that it took part in was the operations before the fall of the Saddam Hussein and his regime .
They were out there taking down illegal smugglers and going out and boarding the ships .
Now , also , this ship played an important part within the war and that 's because of the radar system .
It could detect objects smaller than a honey bee .
What does that mean ?
It can detect enemy radar or missiles and destroy them instantly .
They were a big part in `` Operation Iraqi Freedom . ''
You are seeing the pictures .
Everybody is home .
Friends and family connecting .
Have n't seen each other in almost 10 months now .
14 fathers have not seen their babies .
They all reunited with their families .
We got to meet up with one such family .
We 'll show you pictures of the Galetta family .
Katie was born on Christmas day , Anderson .
This is the first time her father got to hold her and look in her eyes since he came back from `` Operation Iraqi Freedom . ''
130 sailors really excited to be home back on land after being at sea for nearly 10 months carrying out `` Operation Iraqi Freedom . ''
Some remarkable stories , we 're looking at now , a sailor seeing his baby for the first time , just remarkable .
Kyra Phillips , we appreciate you bringing it to us today .
Colorado woman wants to thank and reward the person who found her $ 7,000 ring she lost at the beach .
Tony Kurran had lost the ring her husband had given her and a few days later , the ring was wrapped in a letter written in green pencil at the police department .
he said he found the ring , gave it to his mother as a present .
Touching .
What he did right was give it back ?
I got lost .
He felt bad because ?
I 'll give you a written copy .
A quiz ?
The copy does exist .
We 're getting developing news on this Middle East situation .
We are getting word that U.S. ambassador to Israel has delivered the White House Middle East road map for peace to Ariel Sharon , the Israeli Prime Minister .
In part , it declares the Palestinian state working towards that end and within three years , the year 2005 .
You 're going to hear a lot of talk about this later today and throughout the morning on CNN .
The other thing we 're watching right now , take you live to Baghdad inside what used to be the Saddam Hussein International Airport , now named the Baghdad International Airport .
We anticipate in a matter of moments , the Secretary of Defense , Donald Rumsfeld , to arrive inside of this hangar and we 'll carry his speech live when that gets underway .
Captions by VITAC -- www.vitac.com .
Just because a toothbrush is electric , does n't mean it works like a Sonicare .
It has patented R Sonic --
Let 's go live now to the launch of a rocket .
Atop it a European Mars observetory .
Mars Express , it 's called .
Let 's watch the launch .
It 's a little before midnight there right now .
There it goes .
The Mars Express on its way on a seven - month journey to the red planet , contains really two spacecraft .
An orbiter called Mars Express .
It will operate orbiting the red planet for a couple of years .
It also has a lander known as Beagle Two , named after Charles Darwin which he sailed to the island and went into its bit of fame .
The Beagle Two will sit on the surface of Mars for about six months .
If all goes well , it will dig around , probe around , analize rocks and search for signs of water .
If you find water , you 're very likely to find signs of life .
There you see some animation of what will happen about seven months from now as this tiny little lander dropping off --
The entire spacecraft is about five feet in any direction , not much bigger than a fairly large shipping crate .
Now , it will auguster into the surface of the Red Planet and put those samples into various scientific instruments .
That data will be sent back to the European Space Agency in Germany .
This is the first European mission to Mars .
There have been , of course , several American missions , one Japanese and one by the Soviet Union , and with some very limited success .
Mars is a tough place to explore .
You 'll recall December of 1998 , I should say , the Mars Polar Lander had a very unsuccessful conclusion to its flight to the Red Planet , which was part of a disasterous Mars season .
A former FBI informant accused of being a double agent has been indicted .
The charges against Katrina Leung are the latest in an alleged case of sex , spies , and international intrigue .
Charles Feldman is in Los Angeles with details on this one .
Reporter :
This is a story that has made the FBI look -- well , kind of dopey .
It has put a spotlight on U.S. / China relations .
Like any good spy movie , it 's already had a sequel with the first indictment earlier in the week and another one just yesterday .
On Thursday , the other shoe dropped .
Just one day after a former FBI counterintelligence agent was indicted on charges of gross negligence , his mistress of two decades , Katrina Leung , was herself indicted on more serious charges of copying and possessing documents relating to the national security of the United States , documents she allegedly lifted on many occasions from the briefcase of her ex-FBI handler , James Smith .
Leung 's lawyers wasted little time responding to the grand jury indictment .
Katrina Leung is no Mata Hari , as people have suggested .
She was recruited actively by the FBI because of what she could do and because of what she knew .
She did not go out to get this job .
Reporter :
Leung , a prominent Chinese - American , was practically the toast of L.A .
She was seemingly present for just about every event involving local politicians , sometimes national ones , and various high - ranking officials of the Chinese government .
That part , at least , was by design .
Leung was hired by the FBI and paid almost $ 2 million over 20 years to spy on the Chinese .
Federal prosecutors now say she pulled a fast one and actually spied on the U.S. for the Chinese .
This case is a major embarrassment .
A cruise ship is being searched off the Hawaii Coast after two notes threatening terrorist attack were found on board .
Royal Caribbean cruise ship Legend of the Sea diverted to Honolulu when the notes were found on board yesterday .
Passengers were taken to the ship 's dining rooms while bomb sniffing dogs went over the ship .
You 're looking at Mars .
This shows some of the layers effects scientists find so interesting , captured by the Mars Global Surveyer , which has been in orbit since March of 1999 , one of the more successful missions NASA has ever staged to the Red Planet .
Only one out of three missions succeed .
NASA hopes they 'll do well today with the launch of the first of a pair of identical rovers headed to the Red Planet .
They 'll arrive in January .
About the size of a golf cart .
They 'll do some poking around for signs of water , past or present .
Every 26 months , Mars and Earth fly in close orbital formation .
It 's only then a mission to the Red Planet is possible .
This time , Mars is closer than ever .
This happens to be a particularly good opportunity , where we 're close enough and the geometry works out that we have an excellent data return , so that means we can bring more pictures , more information about Mars back to the people of the Earth , in this particular landing opportunity .
Reporter :
The twin missions to hunt for signs of life are set for a journey of a quarter billion miles , carrying identical Red Planet Rovers .
They 're the size of golf carts .
They will enter the atmosphere on opposite sides of the planet in January and then deploy parachutes and air bags to cushion their arrival on the rust - colored surface .
In 1999 , the Mars Polar Lander was supposed to arrive alive by using --
More now on the Louisiana serial killings , and the arrest of the prime suspect , Derrick Lee Tee Lee W .
're joined on the phone by the police chief of Atlanta .
Can you tell us exactly , the precise details of how you arrested the suspect ?
Yes , we can .
First of all , members of my fugitive unit had been looking for the suspect , Derrick Lee all day based on information we received from the Baton Rouge police chief and the serial murder task force back in the state of Louisiana .
This evening , about 8:45 p.m. , members of my fugitive unit received a telephone call from an informant saying they thought that they had observed the suspect Derrick Lee in the area of Woods Drive and Donald Lee Holland Parkway in southwest Atlanta .
The officers responded to that location , noticed a suspect fitting the description , approached Derrick Lee , asked for identification .
Derrick Lee produced Louisiana identification .
He was arrested without incident , taken into custody and he 's currently at Atlanta Police Department headquarters pending extradition back to the state of Louisiana .
And just to be clear , -- what kind of facility was it that you arrested him at ?
He was in the rear of a tire shop .
It 's sort of like a mall area , but he was hanging around a tire shop , an automotive tire shop , and someone noticed him , recognized him , made a call to the fugitive unit .
We went out this evening about 8:45 , and sure enough , he was the person we were looking for all day .
And what --
Earlier we talked about a new book claiming that President John Kennedy had an affair with a White House intern early 1960s .
A Kennedy biographer Robert Dallek came across the story while doing research .
The woman 's name has remained a mystery .
The 60 - year - old tells the New York Daily News and others that she is glad to have the weight she 's been carrying for 41 years now off her shoulders .
She says she was 19 at the time , working in D.C. at the White House , 1962 , 1963 .
She says today the allegations about her affair are the truth , right now she lives on the Upper East Side , works at a Presbyterian church , has two married daughters and after the news is out , after carrying it for 41 years , she feels better about it .
This news breaking just today .
Robert Dallek tried to do the research to track this woman down in the book , it did not happen but now she has indeed come forward .
Meanwhile , the man in charge of putting Iraq 's government back together spent today in a stronghold of one of the country 's most important ethnic minorities the Kurds .
For the second day in a row , Lieutenant General Jay Garner was mobbed by friendly crowds after touring a Kurdish school in the northern Iraqi city of Irbil .
The Kurds should show as a model for the rest of the country .
U.S. officials keep finding cash hidden by Saddam 's regime .
$ 112 million turned up today in some dog kennels .
So far U.S. soldiers have discovered nearly $ 600 million hidden around Baghdad .
Four U.S. soldiers are under investigation for allegedly keeping some of that .
The four were turned in after other soldiers discovered several hundreds missing from neatly - packed cases .
SARS is spreading .
Major League Baseball plans to warn its players heading to Canada , particularly to Toronto for the All - star break in July to take some precautions .
That means instead of meeting the fans and signing autographs , they 'll be keeping their distance and waving .
And the growing number of SARS cases in China .
The country reported now 160 new cases and nine more deaths .
There are no signs that this infection rate has grown .
Beijing remains the most affected part of the country , but figures show this disease is also spreading in northern China .
11:00 a.m. on the East Coast , 8:00 a.m. on the West .
Leon Harris checking in here .
Up first , searching for survivors , from deadly tornadoes in the Midwest and the South .
The path of destruction scratches through Kansas , Missouri , Arkansas and Tennessee .
Cameras captured a tornado on the ground in Missouri .
The governor has declared a state of emergency after twisters struck several Western counties .
20 people were killed in that state .
In Kansas , authorities say seven people were killed when tornadoes cut across the southeastern part of the state .
Several counties have been declared disaster areas there .
Now , across the region , the storms demolished homes , ripped down power lines , uprooted trees .
Search teams looking for people who are still missing .
One of the sites proving to be the most deadly was the law enforcement center in the western Tennessee city of Jackson .
An emergency official tells CNN that ten people died there .
Dozens were hurt .
Joining us on the phone is the mayor of Jackson , Tennessee , Charles Farmer .
Mayor Farmer , can you give us the latest on your town .
And investigators in Taiwan raise more questions about the disintegration and crash of a China Airlines jet last May .
All 225 people aboard were killed .
A probe has determined the plane had metal fatigue cracks and metal corrosion .
Investigators say the cracks may have been the result of a runway accident 20 years earlier .
We begin tonight talking about the way the justice system deals with those accused or suspected of terrorism , and we 'll talk more about that in just a moment .
First , though with what some believe is a case in point from Tampa , Florida , Samuel Arianna a former college professor in Florida who was arrested in February and charged of being a North America head of a Palestinian group Islamic Jihad .
He was told today he will have his day in court .
Only his day in court wo n't come until January 2005 .
Lawyers for the three men arrested with him say they need that much time to go over the government 's evidence and prepare their case .
Two of the indicted men are out on bond , but Samiel Aryan and other defendant are held without bond which is to say they will stay in jail until the trial starts in roughly 18 months .
This conflict over individual liberty and national security is hardly new .
President Lincoln dealt with it during the civil war , F.D.R. did in World War II , and it is often true that decisions made in the heat of a moment , a war or after an attack look pretty good at the time , not so good as time passes .
Whether that is true now , we can not say .
Others , however , have thoughts and Mr. Barr is among them , a Republican from the state of Georgia , former prosecutor and about the last person on the planet that you would ever call a blying liberal .
He joins us tonight .
We are always glad to see him .
Congressman , good evening .
We are now hitting 33 after the hour this morning .
Embattled ImClone founder Sam Waksal sentenced to more than seven years in prison for insider trading .
The scandal drew national headlines when it ensnared domestic diva Martha Stewart .
Waksal admitted advising his daughter to dump her stock .
Stewart is being accused of unloading her stock after also learning some inside information .
Waksal is the first chief executive to be sentenced in a wave of corporate scandals and that started with the big Enron bankruptcy into 2001 .
Top executives at the company accused of cooking the books to hide billions of dollars in debt .
Former Enron Vice President Sherron Watkins who wrote that now - famous memo questioning the accounting practice and joining us now from Houston .
We want to talk to her about the fate of her former company as Justice Department continues to build its case against key Enron executives and insight on maybe some other headlines we are seeing this morning .
As Bob pointed out , the next battleground is a bill to block lawsuits by victims of gun violence or families against gunmakers and dealers , and one person whose suit would be blocked is Denise Johnson if the legislation goes through , the widow of bus driver Conrad Johnson , the last person killed in the Washington , D.C. sniper attacks .
Jonathan Lowe is an attorney with the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence who filed the suit on behalf of Johnson and other victims ' families .
Good of you to join us .
Let 's talk about what Ms. Johnson wrote in the `` Washington Post '' today .
We 'll put a small part of that up on the screen right now where she said , `` I am confident that the criminal justice system will work to punish the people who killed my husband , but the civil justice system must also be allowed to work , those who share responsibility for my husband 's death must also be held accountable . ''
What does she mean ?
The Wizards may not want Jordan , but the head of the expansion team says Jordan could run operations there , if he wants to .
It 's his home state after all .
On Wednesday , Washington Wizards ' owner ended the three - year association with Jordan .
According to `` the Washington Post , '' the meeting degenerated into name - calling after Jordan was offered $ 10 million in gratitude over the next five years .
Jordan reportedly responded he was n't in it for the money .
CNN 's Josie Karp has the story .
Reporter :
For the first time since being cut from the team in high school , Michael Jordan was left in the awkward position of being unwanted by the game he has come to define .
After playing the last two seasons with the Washington Wizards , Jordan said he expected to return to the front office .
Instead , during a meeting that lasted only minutes , team owner told Jordan his services were no longer necessary .
Jordan issued a statement expressing his shock over --
We 're coming up on 23 after the hour on what is shaping up to be a busy day here , but a joyous day for 5,000 sailors and Marines and friends and family in the San Diego , California area because the giant U.S. carrier Constellation is now returning home from the war in Iraq .
Frank Buckley is in San Diego and joins us now with the latest scenes from there and the live pictures .
Hi , Frank .
Reporter :
Leon , yet another day of incredible home coming .
This time the `` USS Constellation '' coming up .
They 're coming home for the last time to San Diego .
It 's scheduled for decommissioning in August .
Let me give you a sense of the excitement among families .
Look at these folks who have not seen their family members for seven months as the Constellation was over in the Persian Gulf .
Let me take you up top to give you a larger view of how many folks are here at Lima Pier .
We are expecting some 15,000 people to greet the `` USS Constellation '' as it comes home .
Among the people that will be here to greet those folks , there are always the first - kissers , the people who win the first - kiss lottery and the new dads .
We will talk to one of the winners of the first kiss contest .
This is Tammy , your husband is David .
We have little Alisa here .
She is 4 years old today .
Congratulations .
Say hi .
Reporter :
You were telling me you spent 30 or $ 40 --
$ 30 or $ 40 to get here .
The question I asked you earlier , who gets the first kiss do you ?
She has agreed , I get to have it and she gets her daddy .
Tell me what it feels like to have him almost home .
I feel complete .
I 'm whole again .
My better half is here .
Reporter :
That 's a wonderful thing to say .
When you heard they were finally about to leave harm 's way , can you give viewers a sense of what that was like for you personally to get that news ?
Complete relief .
They were headed home .
Reporter :
And what has it been like knowing you get the first kiss .
Are you nervous ?
Do you remember how to do it ?
To a point I 'm nervous but I just want him in my arms .
Reporter :
Happy Birthday .
Say thank you .
Thank you .
Reporter :
There are also 106 new dads , and among them is the dad of --
Look at this beautiful boy who just woke up .
this is Trebian .
Mom is Felicia , Typhus is the new dad .
You were telling me this little beautiful boy was born two days after deployment .
After deployment .
He was born on November 4th .
And they deployed on November 2nd .
Yes .
And you guys had tried or had hoped , prayed he would --
We were praying that he would get here on time .
Unfortunately he missed it , but through e-mails , pictures , he actually seen him grow , so it turned out to be okay .
It was just like he was there .
This is your second one he has missed .
Yes , this is the second one he has missed , and the last .
Well we 'll have a chat with Typhus .
Thank you very much .
We appreciate it .
You get a sense of the excitement here , the folks as the home comings are set to get under way here at Lima Pier in San Diego .
Leon ?
I 'm amazed .
ceases to amaze me how kids can sleep anywhere .
That little kid is going to sleep with all that racket going off around you .
Amazing .
Any idea how many babies are out there , Frank ?
How many babies ?
Yes .
Well , I do n't know how --
We 're following an important story that 's developed today in Gaza , two Israeli helicopter air strikes against Palestinian targets , Hamas targets in Gaza .
A number of people have been killed in the first airstrike .
Two Palestinians were killed , a mother and a child apparently .
A Hamas leader was injured in that strike .
He 's now in a Palestinian hospital .
In the second Apache helicopter airstrike that occurred within the past hour or so , we 're now told by Palestinians , three people died , 33 others were wounded , six are in critical condition , three dead were civilians , according to Palestinian sources .
We 're going to continue to monitor that story for our viewers .
We 're also checking out other developments right now , including this story that 's just coming in from the Associated Press right now .
I just want to get it from our computers .
Sam Waksal has been sentenced to more that seven years in prison , ordered to pay $ 4 million in fines and back taxes in connection with the insider trading scandal .
As you know , he pleaded guilty to those charges .
He is now getting word of his sentence from the federal judge , seven years in prison , actually more than seven years in prison , $ 4 million in fines and back taxes , a story we 've been following here on CNN throughout the morning .
We 'll have much more coming up in the next hour .
Two Southwest Airline pilots were reportedly fired for stripping down .
It was n't part of a security check .
`` USA Today '' says the pilots were dismissed for allegedly taking off all or most of their clothes in the cockpit .
I want to make that distinction there .
The pilots are calling the incident a misunderstanding and appealing their termination .
It 's Wednesday , April 30 , 2003 .
Hello from Washington .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer reporting .
We are following several major developments right now .
That was then , this is now .
20 years after meeting Saddam Hussein in Baghdad , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is back in the Iraqi capital with victorious U.S. troops , and you 're looking at a live picture from the `` USS Abraham Lincoln '' on its way back from war .
From its flight deck President Bush will make a major announcement to the American people tomorrow night on the end of major combat in Iraq .
Right now we 're also waiting to hear from the President at the White House .
We 'll bring you his comments as soon as we get them and we 'll get to all of that shortly , but first , a move by the President today designed to save children 's lives and among his guests in the Rose Garden , Elizabeth Smart .
Here 's CNN 's justice correspondent Kelli Arena .
She is joining us live .
There 's some shocking new information about the life of John F. Kennedy , both before and during his days in the White House .
The revelations are part of a just published biography about the 35th President .
Our Jonathan Karl takes a look inside the pages .
Reporter :
The revelations about Kennedy 's alleged affair with an intern make up just a couple lines in historian Robert Dowd 's 700 - plus page biography .
The information comes from a single source , an interview with a former Kennedy staffer who says she does not remember the intern 's last name .
Although he finds the reports of Kennedy 's womanizing credible , he believes new information about Kennedy 's health problems is more significant .
JFK 's public image was one of youthful vigor but in truth he battled serious medical problems his entire life .
Twice before becoming President he was so sick , a priest was brought in to give him last rites .
While researching his new book on JFK , Dallic uncovered previously sealed medical records that detailed the extent of his medical troubles and the lengths he went to conceal them from the public .
There are many stories about politicians who used political influence to get out of military conflict , but Dallic shows he used his family 's influence to get into the Navy just as America was on the verge of World War II .
In 1941 , he flunked two military medical exams .
His powerful father intervened , getting yet another exam .
Reading the report of his exam , one would think he never had a serious physical problem in his life .
It was a complete whitewash that would never have been possible without his father 's help .
Kennedy entered the Navy earning hero status for saving his ship mates when his boat Pt was sunk by the Japanese .
Dallek says Kennedy 's brushes with death , combined with the deaths of his sister and brother , fueled the ambition that led him to become the youngest person elected President in American history .
Kennedy told a friend before he entered politics , you 've got to live every day like it 's your last day on earth , that 's what I 'm doing .
Jonathan Karl , CNN , Washington .
And we 'll have much more on this story coming up later today on `` Wolf Blitzer Reports . ''
The biographer will be among my guests later today 5:00 p.m. Eastern , 2:00 p.m. Pacific .
The Vice President Dick Cheney is now speaking in Washington at a luncheon honoring the Secretary of Defense , Donald Rumsfeld .
The Vice President will be presenting the Jimmy Doolittle Award to the Secretary of Defense .
We 'll be monitoring to hear what both of them have to say .
We 'll have some coverage of that coming up , but up next , Andrew Jackson is getting a makeover of sorts , and it 's all in the name of fighting crime .
We 'll --
He went to scapegoat at breath - taking speed .
Today , Steve Case officially out at AOL Time Warner .
The media giant remains in a rut .
Investigators looking for answers today at a shareholders meeting today in Virginia .
As we turn to Greg Clarkin , we 're talking about the home team here , CNN 's parent company , not easy for any of us to talk about .
Reporter :
Hi , Kyra .
That is right .
Here in Northern Virginia , a few miles from AOL headquarters , these are a chance for the individual investor to have a chance to vent to management of the company , have their case about where the company is going .
Today we heard from a lot of small investors who are still upset over the sinking stock price of AOL Time Warner .
This is a stock down more than 70 % over the last three years .
Now , we spoke to a number of individual investors who voiced their con --
Night opens on the `` USS John C. Stennis . ''
On this deployment they primarily fly after dark so the ship 's schedule is upside down , the crew sleeps by day and works all night .
This is day two of war time operations for the `` Stennis '' and `` Operation Iraqi Freedom . ''
For the next 12 hours into the morning , planes from the carrier will fly missions over Afghanistan .
There is only a faint orange light on deck , punctuated by this .
To adjust their eyes for night vision , crew members make their way through passageways glowing in dim red light .
On the flight deck , a walkover check for debris is lit only by flashlight .
The dangers of the flight deck being blown overboard by jets , sliced by propellers or other hazards that are hard enough to avoid in daylight are all the more intense at night .
The intricate coordination of launch and recovery plays out as a dance in the darkness .
The complexity of it all has been described as a ballet and if it is a ballet , the choreographer of the flight deck is this man here .
He is the handler .
We 'll continue to watch this drama unfold off Key Largo in Florida .
Let 's move on to another important story .
It 's happened , of course , several times during the war in Iraq , journalists caught in the line of fire and killed .
Israeli troops are facing a similar situation with two journalists killed in just the past two weeks .
Here 's CNN 's Cly Wallace .
Reporter :
Friday night in the Gaza Strip and a journalist is about to lose his life .
Shortly after several shots are heard an Israeli bulldozer can be seen uncovering the Israelis say , a tunnel used to smuggle weapons .
Moments later , three journalists who were covering that Israeli action appear , one with TV labeled on the back of a bullet - proof vest , another carrying a white flag .
Judging from the videotape , they appear difficult to see in the darkness , and difficult to hear .
After the journalists shout , another gunshot .
Moments later , another shot and the sound of someone in pain .
34 - year - old British journalist James Miller died on the scene after Israeli soldiers came to his aid , the Israeli defense sources says .
He is best known for his work on two award - winning documentaries which appeared on CNN exposing the world to the Taliban rule in Afghanistan .
Now the Foreign Press Association in Israel is calling for an independent investigation .
James was not shooting and he was not with somebody shooting .
So , again , to know exactly what happened we need a full - fledged inquiry .
The Israeli government said its forces were returning fire and that Miller was shot in the back , suggesting he could have been hit by Palestinian gunmen .
Those close to Miller believe he was shot by an armored Israeli personnel carrier .
We know the Israelis fired .
Whether or not he was shot by Israelis ' gunfire , we are not certain at this time .
Miller becomes the second journalist in just two weeks to be killed covering the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , with Palestinian cameramen , shot and killed by an Israeli soldier on the West Bank in mid-April .
With back - to - back deaths making a total of at least seven journalists killed covering the conflict in the past two and a half years .
This is very worrying and I believe the Israeli Army should take special measures to prevent this .
The message from the Israeli government is that its soldiers are not targeting journalists , but that journalists who travel to places where there could be live fire exchange between Israeli forces and Palestinian gunmen have a responsibility to take greater precautions .
They have to realize that this is not a game going on there .
It 's a life and death situation .
Soldiers are basically thinking about their own lives at that moment .
They do n't have time to hesitate .
The Israeli spokesman says the soldier has no choice , but to be there .
Journalists say --
I 'm Allan Chernoff at the New York Stock Exchange .
American Airlines , a second major union at American is planning a new vote on the company 's cost cutting agreement .
The unions are outraged that a bonus plan for top executives that had not been fully disclosed before the union voted to take pay cuts .
The Transport Brokers Union made the revote last night moments before the CEO publicly apologized to his employees .
Carty said he thought the employees would like the plan that meant to keep the executives that company , but he concealed the details fearing the story would cause problems when they were asking employees for big concessions .
Shares of American Airlines are falling sharply for the second straight day on the fears that the company might be forced to file for bankruptcy .
The stock market has bounced back from a weak start .
A lot more earnings reports out today , many positive , a few disappointments sprinkled in , as well .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up by 16 points right now and the Nasdaq composite higher by 6 points .
That standing ovation that Sammy Sosa got at Wrigley Field last night .
A Major League Baseball official is scheduled to conduct interviews in Chicago .
Those interviews could be a factor as the league decides how Sammy Sosa will be punished for using a cork - filled bat .
Our Gary Tuchman is live .
Good morning .
Reporter :
The Cub 's player this afternoon , once again , Sammy Sosa will be in the lineup but he could find out as early as today what his punishment will be and how many games he 'll be suspended for .
Last night when he went to play for the first time , most of the fans on Wrigley Field gave him a standing ovation .
In all fairness , not all of them totally believed Sammy Sosa but he 's a hero here and they want to believe Sammy Sosa .
He hit the ground ball on the first inning , that scored a run , but the run was taken away .
Sosa was kicked out of the game after he was found out he had a cork during the bat .
He meant not to use it during the game , but he did use it during the game .
Major League Baseball took 76 of his bats and x-rayed them for cork .
Those x-rays were negative .
That was conducted by a trained radiological technician .
We believe the x-ray process was sufficient to determine the state of those bats and we 're very confident that all of those bats were clean and had no foreign substances within them .
It was a mistake .
We 're all human and we all made a mistake .
Nobody 's perfect in this world upon .
Reporter :
Last night with the bat , we assumed was not cork , Sammy Sosa struck out the first three times up .
He did hit a single in the ninth inning in a losing effort for the Chicago Cubs .
Back to you .
There 's a concern with the huge series there this weekend with the Yankees coming to town that Sammy would be suspended during that .
The Yankees vpts been to Wrigley Field since the 1930s since they played the Cubs in the 1930s .
Sosa could get a suspension , but he could appeal suspension .
So if he wanted to play against the Yankees , he probably will be able to .
Gary Tuchman in Chicago .
Thanks so much .
Let 's bring Jack back in with the question of the day and Bill 's also joining us from D.C. .
Hello , William .
Over your shoulder , Jack .
Keeping an eye on us .
Martha Stewart unfairly singled out for prosecution or is she getting what she deserved ?
Jim in New York .
I 've despised Martha Stewart for years before the ImClone scandal , but all this prosecution does is how biased prosecutors are when they deal with moguls who strip the hopes of investors .
CEOs , sleaze walk free , market should be free to stroll right along with them into the CEO hall of shame .
Joe in Michigan , prosecute .
When your skit in life is professing trust and integrity and you violate that responsilibity to your believing public , then you should be done .
Jude Nith Florida , says I never liked Martha , but now she 's a part of good --
When we come back , President Bush has not claimed victory in Iraq last night , but what about the tournament war on terror ?
Jack has that when we come back here on `` American Morning . ''
Real people , real results , in six weeks .
I 'm a whole new person .
In just six weeks , I lost 20 pounds , which is just fantastic .
I think I lost 5 inches around my tummy .
In six weeks , I lost 19 1 / 2 pounds .
Call now to get a free video that tells you all about the home gym that guarantees real results for real people just like you .
Bowflex .
Working out with Bowflex was fun .
I was able to transition from one exercise to another very seamlessly .
All it takes is one simple workout .
I like the leg curls .
You could just really feel you 're working the backs of your legs .
Everything has surprised me , the way I look , the way I feel .
I feel like I could take on the world , you know , gr-r-r .
Call to get your free video and brochure and check out the entire Bowflex lineup .
That 's --
If there was any question about how the Dixie Chicks would be received in America , answered last night , in part .
The band played to about 15,000 in Greenville , South Carolina , their first U.S. concert since their singer Natalie Maines sparked a controversy when she said she was ashamed the President was from the state of Texas .
We are back on stage looking online good .
Did you talk about the Dixie Chicks ?
Nope .
he landed on the aircraft carrier at a speed of about 150 miles an hour and touched down and came to a stop about the space of a football field .
He made a nationally televised address last night carried on all of the networks and in an event that undoubtedly has some of the Democrats a little nauseous this morning , the President took what might be a giant first step in his reelection campaign .
He talked in the speech about the war on terror , saying , quote it is not over , yet it is not endless , we do n't know the day of final victory , but we have seen the turning of the tide .
Here is the question this morning .
It 's Friday , so if that question does n't tickle your fancy , knock yourselves out .
Write about anything and we 'll pick some of the best and read them later .
From yesterday , Tom writes , Hey , you guys , Bill and Jack , lighten up .
The Palestinian crossroads that could lead to the relation in a new direction .
Yasser Arafat backed Abu Mazen as Prime Minister .
A first step he says toward peace with Israel .
Now Palestinian leaders must vote on whether to September 24 - member cabinet that Mazen is presenting .
Kelly Wallace is standing by .
What 's the latest ?
The fire led to a massive lawsuit filed today by four survivors and the families of four victims .
They 're suing 27 defendants including the club , the band , companies with ties to the club , the town as well as the state .
All told , they are seeking $ 100 million .
That 's only that one group of people .
It 's a federal suit because the plaintiffs are from out of state but Rhode Island residents are pursuing suits of them .
One by the name of Mr. Castle .
He lost 25 friends in that blaze .
He joins us tonight from Providence , Rhode Island , along with his lawyer Ronald Resmini , and they 're getting set up .
Walter Castle , as we said , was in the building , was not injured physically on the outside , but had internal damages , he says , and that is one of things we 're going to talk with him about .
You are looking at some of the images .
We 're going to take a quick break while we get them miked up , and we 'll do the interview right after .
Yeah , sprinkles would be great !
Announcer :
Lost your wallet ?
We 'll help you replace any major credit card , 24 / 7 ... when you carry American Express traveller 's cheques .
Available at a bank near you .
No longer available at most AAA offices .
Sprinkles .
The Brits and Poles are there .
NGOs and international relief organizations are now helping us .
That 's a good thing .
And the U.N. has sent a special representative , an experienced ambassador pursuant to the 14 --
A bomb exploded today in a courtroom in southern Yemen , injuring four people , one of them a judge .
A man with a pistol was arrested outside of the courthouse and police say he admits planting the bombs .
It was the same courtroom where a suspected al Qaeda militant got a death sentence last week for killing three American missionaries .
Well , security is tight as Exxon Mobil shareholders meet today in Dallas .
Allan Chernoff live from the New York Stock Exchange to tell us what 's behind the precautions .
We 've got controversy at this meeting .
Exxon Mobil shareholders set to vote on resolutions dealing with steps to promote global energy and the risks of global warming .
Management , not surprisingly , opposes the resolutions .
Environmentalists are pressuring the oil giant not to drop its greenhouse emissions limits .
Yesterday , protesters blocked the entrance to protest what they claim is the company 's inaction against global warming .
Exxon Mobil maintains it does take the issue seriously and it is being targeted unfairly zblen ron also engaging in a blame game .
Who is the latest target ?
Very also story with Enron .
A source tells us Enron is considering suing its own investment bankers for giving it bad financial advice .
Of course , the notorious energy trader is the subject of a slew of investigations for alleged financial trickery .
Enron may actually try to blame its bankers , including JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup , for dishing out advice that actually helped the company 's downfall .
The latest move here is part of a new push by Enron 's new chief executive to settle pending litigation .
JPMorgan , Citigroup , and other advisers have already been sued by shareholders and they also face regulatory investigations .
Let 's turn our attention to Wall Street .
We 've got some green arrows here .
Stocks are struggling to hold on to modest gains right now .
We 've got solid corporate profit reports today , and of course a little momentum after yesterday 's rally .
And let 's have a look at the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
It is up by a little more than five points .
It 's been zigging and zagging between green and red .
Right now , holding on to the green .
And the Nasdaq composite also in positive territory right now , still .
The Nasdaq at its highest level in nearly --
Our founder here at CNN , Ted Turner , has sold more than half his stake in AOL Time Warner .
That 's a lot of shares and a lot of money .
Andy Serwer 's looking into that and the markets .
If you 're investing , why now ?
Chitchat in the Time Life Building here at AOL and all over Wall Street , Ted Turner selling 60 million shares for $ 800 million , more than half of his stake in the company .
He opens 40 million plus now .
Question is , Why ? Why is he selling ?
I think , he 's at least -- hedging his bets by keeping 40 million shares but basically he 's decided that the company is not going where he wants it to go and he 's bailing out .
You know , a lot of concern obviously by people who still own the stock .
My point about this , if Ted Turner were so smart and he 's a very smart guy but he did not sell at the top , okay ?
He did n't sell at $ 60 .
Hind sight would have liked to have gotten that .
He believed in the merger like most other people did .
We 'll look back five years from now , you can see , he has lost a lot of money .
You know , He still had $ 1.7 billion , we 're not shedding tears .
He did have $ 8 billion .
He 's left a lot on the table .
We 'll look back five years from now , when the stock is either at $ 13 still or $ 8 or $ 30 and say , he was either very smart or not smart at all .
He 's still hedging his bet by keeping 40 million stake .
I hope he 's wrong .
Me , too .
The question , I 'm an AOL shareholder sitting at home , hearing this news , Does this set off a few alarms ? Will people panic and everybody sell it ?
I think the stock will be weaker today .
Again , you know , the stock has drifted below $ 10 .
It 's been in the neighborhood for a while .
I do n't see the thing going down a lot .
Interesting point here also , people are suggesting he may be raising this money to buy those Atlanta sports teams that apparently are on the block .
The Braves and Thrashers .
You really think ?
You know , I 'm not sure .
apparently they 're for sale .
We 'll have to see about that .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Let 's check with Jack now .
The question of the day , Bill Bennet ?
I figure if Turner 's smarter than I am , I 'm selling my 80 shares .
80 of them .
$ 13 and change , out .
Talking about Bill Bennet this morning one of the country 's leading crusaders for morality author of `` Virtues '' and admits he has a gambling problem .
Me .
he made the admission after Bennett lost up to $ 8 million in casinos in the last decade .
The articles say he won at times that he had $ 200,000 lines of credit at several laying casinos .
Gambling , however , is not one of the vices Bennett thinks is undermining American culture .
We want to hear from viewers this morning .
He does say he 's going to stop .
News of Bill Bennet 's gambling changed your opinion of him ?
Many , many responses .
Hypocrite would be a word present in many e-mails .
Hypocrite .
Barbara , Bill Bennet 's glam gambling loss changed my opinion .
Linda writes he can do what he wants with his money .
I thought he was smarter than that .
Lawrence in Missouri , after sitting in front of my TV night after night , listening to him , watching every perversion , sin and evil known to man or beast , being glamourized by sitcoms and TV talking heads , imagine my shock in hearing that Bill Bennet being soundly condemned for gambling .
Is this the beginning of a new morality ?
Chad New York big deal .
What have you done wrong this morning ?
I ai n't telling , Chad .
David says my opinion did not change because of the new news . I always thought Bennett was a louse .
Am@cnn.com is the address .
Unburden yourself .
We 'll talk more about it with Jeff Greenfield coming up .
President Bush says Alan Greenspan should serve another term as Federal Reserve chairman .
There was speculation about that issue after a rift erupted over Greenspan 's questioning the need for Mr. Bush 's $ 726 million tax cut plan .
The endorsement came as Greenspan was scheduled for surgery to treat an enlarged prostate .
He is scheduled to return to work later this week .
I 'm Anderson Cooper .
Those are the headlines making news this hour .
Now back to `` Wolf Blitzer Reports . ''
For the first time in decade , Shia Muslims are freely making a pilgrimage to the holy city of Karbala .
They are using the new freedom to express disdain for the country that wanted it for them .
Our senior international correspondent Nic Robertson is joining us live from Karbala .
Nic , how much anger is there towards the United States in these pilgrimage demonstrations ?
The majority most people here are very happy .
They 're very peaceful here .
They say they 're very grateful to the United States , but some of them do express with quite extreme anger because they believe the United States wants to stay here , wants to exploit Iraq in their view .
They express quite extreme anger that the United States and the coalition forces should leave Iraq .
The vast majority of people , however , do not talk a lot about that .
If you ask them questions about it , yes , they will tell you the United States has done a very good job , but it 's time to leave and what we are hearing now that a returning exiled group called the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq is sending a delegation here from Iran where they 've been in exile for several decades , sending a delegation here tomorrow .
That delegation will bring a message of sheer unity .
It will bring a message of rebuilding Iraq along Islamic lines .
It will bring a message of inter29ing and a rejection of international involvement in Iraq .
Wolf ?
We now return to `` People in the News . ''
Reporter :
For Martha Stewart seems business is everything , and everywhere .
Stewart has found the road to fortune wherever she has traveled .
I think the temptation for any successful entrepreneur to go global .
Reporter :
Her marketing vision also included KMart a company that recently emerged from bankruptcy .
Okay , girls .
Reporter :
Stewart is associated with Kmart since 1987 and been very successful .
The goal had been to bring affordable style to the masse .
There 's a reason she was successful , and the stuff that she 's created people like .
It 's good , it 's useful , it 's appealing , it 's attractive and it 's cheap .
Reporter :
Even as Kmart struggled through financial difficulties , Stewart stuck by the company .
It 's hard to run out on a partner that 's down .
That 's not our style .
Reporter :
Now Stewart is hoping people do n't run out on her .
The celebrity indicted on charges stemming from the sale of ImClone stock .
Stewart and former ImClone CEO Sam Waksal shared a broker who now also faces charges of obstruction of justice and perjury .
Her defense has been that she had a standing sell order at $ 60 and when the stock fell below 60 the broker was supposed to , you know make the trade .
She 's been standing with that story .
The broker standing by that story .
The only reason it 's not holding is because there are other people that the Merrill Lynch that investigated and did n't find proof that was actually the case .
Reporter :
After Stewart was charged by federal authorities Wednesday , her lawyers issued a statement in which they said , quote , Martha Stewart has done nothing wrong .
The accusation that Martha Stewart sold the ImClone shares based on inside information proved to be false .
If she lied , then that is the obstruction of justice charge .
That 's the criminal side .
That 's where the prison time comes in .
Reporter :
For Stewart , the fallout from the past year taken a tremendous toll .
Martha Stewart told me that the investigation itself had cost her about $ 400 million , in decline in her stock , legal fees , and lost business opportunities .
Reporter :
Ironic , considering the sale of the ImClone stock resulted in a gain of less than $ 50,000 .
She 'll never fully recover .
You know , it 's almost like e.g. you get off the hook , but are you really off the hook because people always believe you were guilty .
And it 's hard to win back that sort of brand equity that she 's lost .
Reporter :
Stewart is vowing to clear her name of the charges .
She is so focused and so determined that this investigation , while terribly upsetting , has not been something that 's stood in her way .
As only she would , she said , Look , I do n't lose any sleep .
I still sleep my three or four hours a night .
Reporter :
He says Stewart is still taken aback by the reaction to her legal troubles .
I think she 's been stunned at how much joy so many people have taken at her misfortune .
She does n't quite understand that the perfectionism that made her so famous also makes people say , Oh , is n't it fun to see someone like that have a big , big problem ?
Reporter :
A perfectionism reflected in even the smallest details of Stewart 's life .
Martha does n't like to talk about how unpleasant things have been , but you can get signals of it in surprising ways .
When we sat down to lunch , she had put out these beautiful chop sticks which I commented on .
She said , in China , the person with the thinnest chop sticks has the highest social status , and of course , I had to get the thinnest chop sticks .
Then she paused and said , That 's why people hate me .
Reporter :
Love her or hate her , Martha Stewart has tied every aspect of her image to her business .
Even her daily calendar turned into a marketing tool .
She said to me once that my life is `` The Truman Show '' and meant I 'm always on .
From the time I get up until I go to bed , the whole world is watching .
Hello , everyone .
Did you --
An international tourist in New York City did most of his sight seeing inside a hospital .
Health officials say they had to forcibly detain the man who exhibited possible SARS symptoms .
Officials say the unnamed tourist had Knicks tickets and was determined to use them .
Here are some numbers to put the spread of SARS in perspective for you .
Across the globe , there have been almost 5,000 documented cases of SARS in 27 different countries .
China , the country where SARS originated , has been the hardest hit , with thousands of cases and more than 100 deaths .
Here in the United States , however , there have been no deaths among the 41 probable cases of SARS .
17 states have probable cases while another 21 states have suspected cases , but just to put the threat of SARS in perspective , in the United States , 284 people died last year from the West Nile virus while 36,000 people die every year from the flu .
Another story in the 1:00 p.m. hour in Canada .
The top story there today , the World Health Organization announced it is lifting its advisory against travel to Toronto because of fear of SARS .
It 's been 20 days since the last cases of locally transmitted SARS in Toronto , and there have been no new confirmed cases of SARS exported out of Toronto .
The WHO says SARS advisories against travel to Hong Kong , Beijing and the Chinese provences will remain in effect .
China has more SARS cases than any country in the world .
3303 by today 's count .
That 's more than twice as many as Hong Kong which ranks second .
President Bush is going to be meeting with several Arab leaders .
That happens next hour in a summit focusing on an Israeli - Palestinian peace initiative .
Mr. Bush is expected to win support for his peace making campaign in the Middle East crisis .
Earlier today , he said a solution should not be derailed by `` a few people a few killers , a few terrorists . ''
Joining us now to discuss that is Rob Sabati , an adjunct professor at Georgetown University .
Good to see you this morning , Professor .
Are you optimistic that President Bush is actually going to , at this time , take the steps and say what has to be said to remove the skepticism that the Arab leaders are bringing to the summit ?
Bringing you up to date on a breaking story out of the Middle East .
In Gaza , a pair of Israeli gun ship attack , aerial attacks that have threatened to derail the road map to peace , as it is called .
In the first attack , a car carrying Rantissi , a senior member of the Hamas group , a militant organization , was targeted .
He survived , with wound , but two people were killed .
27 others were injured in that attack .
The second attack occurred after some rocket firings aimed , apparently , toward the Israelis , apparently in retaliation .
We 're checking our facts on that one .
That is just unfolding .
The White House saying , and the President directly quoted as saying , he was deeply troubled by that initial attack .
Still no reaction to the second attack .
The details on that still inconclusive .
The President , quoted by Ari Fleischer , his spokesman , is saying he 's concerned the strike will undermine efforts by Palestinian authorities to bring an end to terrorist attacks and does not contribute to the security of Israel .
Clearly some frustration with the Sharon government in Israel in the wake of these attacks in Gaza .
Letdownch at the helm came in on final to the `` USS Abraham Lincoln '' and landed hitting the fore wire , a safe trap .
One of 12,675 takeoffs and traps that have taken place aboard the `` USS Abraham Lincoln '' during this 10 month long deployment , the longest deployment of an aircraft carrier in the U.S. since the Vietnam era .
After the President came aboard , he then spent a considerable amount of time talking to many of the young men and women on the flight deck , taking photographs with them , still wearing his flight suit throughout much of that period , talking to them and again this evening , he will be issuing a major address to the American people regarding the end of major combat operation .
White House aides calling it an important moment .
after landing and taking a brief tour of part of the ship , he also went out on to the flight deck and observed some of the flight operations of some of the F aircraft that are now leaving these aircraft , headed to Lamore after this 10 - month long deployment .
Wolf ?
The story of a woman in an East Texas jail cell tonight .
We 're told sometimes she sits in the fetal position , other times singing gospel music .
Occasionally she 'll pray , sometimes cries hysterically .
Her name is Deanna Lejeune Laney .
She 's accused of beating two of her three children to death because , she says , God told her to .
Now that happened this Saturday .
Today the wheels of justice began turning .
Katherine Garcia of WFAA joins us from the Smith County courthouse in Tyler , Texas .
AOL Time Warner and Microsoft are burying the hatchet .
Allan Chernoff live from the New York Stock Exchange with more .
Bring us up to speed .
AOL Time Warner , of course , our parent company .
Exactly in question about that .
Bill Gates and Dick Parson , the CEOs of these two companies , smoking a peace pipe right now .
The companies settling a lawsuit .
AOL Time Warner our corporate parent , will get $ 750 million from Microsoft .
The software giant paying to settle charges it used its monopoly power in after to block the AOL Netscape browser .
As part of the deal , Microsoft will license its browser to AOL for seven years without charging royalties .
AOL is allowed to collaborate with Microsoft on making their internet messagers work smoothly together .
So , $ 750 million , that 's a whale of a company Christmas party .
What are they really going to be doing with the money ?
If you do n't spend it all on a --
Up first , on `` CNN Live Today '' , sentencing this hour in the case of Sam Waksal , the man at the center of the Martha Stewart scandal .
He could become the highest ranking executive to go to prison in the recent series of corporate scandals .
CNN Financial News correspondent Chris Huntington is outside the federal courthouse where sentencing is under way .
Chris ?
As we told you at the top of this newscast , an Oklahoma judge has ruled that Terry Nichols will indeed stand trial in that state court on 160 counts of first - degree murder .
The Oklahoma City bombing conspirator is already serving a life term in federal prison .
State proceedings could bring the death penalty if Nichols is convicted .
A trial date was not immediately set by the judge whose decision came as prosecutors were still presenting evidence .
A Texas woman is in jail this morning accused of killing her two sons and severely beating another the day before Mother 's Day .
Yesterday a silent Dee Ana Laney waited as the judge read the charges against her , capital murder and aggravated assault .
One of the first people to arrive at the crime scene , Judge James Marin .
Thanks very much .
Why were you there so quickly ?
I was n't really there that quickly .
I actually responded a few hours after the Sheriff 's Department did .
The reason you went was ?
Well , being the justice of the peace we are the ones that hold the inquest on the death and they were required to call us to the scene .
What did you see when you got there ?
Well , to be honest with you , I saw a pretty gruesome sight and I think it 's been talked about quite a bit the last few days and if anybody did n't have to be there to see it , they were lucky not to have to be there .
It was a horrific sight , you do n't have to go into details , obviously , we can only imagine how bad it might have been .
It probably was , indeed , based on your eyewitness accounts .
What happened ?
They were collecting evidence as you were there , the law enforcement authorities ?
They had been collecting their evidence and , of course , when I got there they showed me the location and , of course , then having to do --
First an update on a long - running air safety investigation a year and a half near an airline crashed near New York 's Kennedy Airport there is controversy whether the disaster could have been averted .
265 people died in the November 2001 crash of Flight 587 , hard to forget those images , after the pilots lost control of the plane , and the jet 's tail fin broke off .
Airbus strongly denies claims it failed to provide sufficient warning , but critics say Airbus should have sounded a stronger alarm after a similar incident occurred in 1997 .
That is when American Airlines Flight 903 ran into trouble on a trip from Boston to Miami .
The pilots of that plane forcibly applied their rudder to recover from a stall , and as a result the plane 's tail section exceeded its design limits .
Pilots managed to land safely , only after a terrifying ordeal for passengers .
Melanie Joyceon joins us from Dallas .
Thanks for being with us .
Can you tell me about the flight five years ago .
What happened to you ?
In today 's Daily News , a 60 - year - old woman acknowledges she was the 19 - year - old White House intern who slept with JFK .
She told the papers , `` I am the Mimi . ''
I want to take this opportunity to stand behind the Mimi and proclaim my solidarity .
I know where you 've been because I too have been there myself .
That 's right , I too slept with JFK .
I am the Anderson .
I was born four years too late to have slept with JFK ?
Technically correct but why quibble over details ?
Is n't it possible deep down , that you also slept with JFK ?
Who , me ?
No , I could n't have , you protest .
Believe whatever you have to .
I am not willing to live that lie any longer .
The truth about our Camelot obsessed society is each of us in our own way has slept with the JFK .
Only once we admit this to ourselves individually and as a nation can the true healing begin .
A thought to end on tonight .
Thanks for being with us tonight .
Stay with CNN .
`` Larry King Live '' is next .
American Airlines not out of the woods yet .
For the latest on the company to avoid bankruptcy , check with Rhonda Schaffler .
Hi there .
Interesting story because we thought things were wrapped up a couple district attorneys ago .
Now , the flight attendants are calling for a new vote on the concessions contract , and if it 's rejected the largest airline may have to file for bankruptcy .
What 's going on is that union members became outraged after learning about the airline 's executive compensation plan where Woi would have paid huge bonuses even in bankruptcy .
On Friday , American withdrew the plan and its chief executive even apologized to union leaders .
Union members are still angry and they are demanding another vote .
American and its rivals have suffered from declines in business travel .
Over the past three years , businesses have been cutting back their travel expenses to save money , and now experts say they 're going to keep doing that , even when the economy picks up , e-mail , video , web conferencing becoming popular alternatives to face - to - face meetings , also finding cheap fares on Internet or using low fare airlines .
According to Business Travel Coalition , younger techs - heavy managers are n't so keen on jumping on a plane .
They 'd rather use --
Welcome to the second hour .
Good morning to you .
A new Al Qaeda videotape , no doubt chilling to the families of the victims .
Two of the four pilots who took control of the planes on 9 / 11 attended a wedding party in Hamburg , Germany , four years ago 1999 this is .
Another one of the pilots , Mohammed Atta , also believed to be present at this meeting .
Throughout the morning , we 're looking at a remarkable tape .
Right now , what 's believed to be the terror cell responsible for 9 / 11 .
Many members on that tape working together through a cell in Germany known as the Hamburg cell seen in the same room at the same time .
The head of the Catholic Church in Phoenix , Arizona , Bishop Thomas O'Brien has resigned , just one day after being charged with a felony .
He is accused of leaving the scene of a fatal accident .
Earlier this month O'Brien narrowly escaped prosecution over his handling of sexual abuse allegations against priests .
The NASA and the European Space Agency both launch missions to Mars this month sending rovers and ashters to probe the Red Planet .
One of the big questions about Mars is when or whether humans will ever be able to visit .
It 's an idea plagued with unsolved problems .
The latest issue of `` Popular Science magazine '' takes a look at the challenges NASA is facing .
Joining us is the contributing editor .
Good to see you , Jeff .
Thank you .
It was only about 30 years ago when we went to the moon .
So what 's the difficulty in being able to go to Mars ?
It 's unimaginably difficult and different .
Mars is at most times 100 million miles away from us .
It 's a nine - month trip .
Then if we stay there for about a year or two , the whole trip could last about three years .
We 're talking about conditions where there 's radiation in space cosmic radiation that could cause cancer .
The communications conditions once you 're on Mars , just to talk to people on earth , there 's a 20 minute delay in the conversation .
So you know , the issues are so much larger than going to the moon .
And for now , it 's 250 days , which seems to be the maximum for astronauts in space anyway , but as you say , it 's a much further travel .
But let 's talk about some of the hurdles that hamper humans to be able to survive there .
The dust , for one thing .
Cataracts another .
Let 's talk about the right kind of spacecraft that would be able to allow humans to actually get that far and to survive .
Right .
Well , first of all , the spacecraft would not be launched from Earth .
You 'd have to launch it from in space already , which means we would have to build it in space .
So that means we need a good shuttle that 's going to take us back and forth to build the spacecraft .
Then we have to come up with the fuel that will take it out of the Earth 's orbit all the way to Mars .
That 's probably going to be nuclear propulsion at this point again something we have n't really developed yet , because we could n't carry that much fuel , obviously .
Liquid oxygen would be way too heavy to carry all the way to Mars .
The bigger issue is once we get there , we ca n't carry oxygen or water or food to stay there three years , so we 're going to have to do all of that on the surface of the planet .
And think of it .
Mars is carbon dioxide , so we ca n't breathe there .
So we 're going to have to come up with some conversion technique to create water , to create oxygen and then some way of growing food on the planet itself .
All of this is in the works now , but I think it 's going to take quite a few years to develop it .
You talk about the cosmic radiation .
Then of course there is the zero G bone loss , almost like the eroding of bone to humans that would be at risk as well .
Absolutely .
There could be as much as 50 % bone loss in astronauts in Mars .
Why ?
During the time in Mars .
Because when there is no gravity as there is on Mars , the body does n't pick up the calcium in the bones , so it does n't keep getting the bones stronger and stronger , so they will just lose it .
They will be almost like old people even at the age of 40 .
Jeff Rothfeder .
Thank you for joining us .
Looks like it will be some time before we make our way to Mars .
That 's it for us .
But before we go , a look at what 's coming up next week .
A controversial incinerator just about ready to destroy weapons at an Anniston , Alabama , military facility .
What might be the risk to people downwind .
That story and much more coming up next week .
Coming up next on `` CNN Live Sunday '' a look at America 's storage of gas .
That 's followed by `` People in the News '' profiling Harrison Ford and Harry Potter .
At 8:00 Eastern , CNN presents Road to Baghdad .
Services and tributes for two political figures who died this week .
A funeral today for Lester Maddox who died Wednesday .
He was a segrationist who once closed a restaurant he owned rather than serve African - Americans .
And Maynard Jackson lies in state today at his alma mater .
He died Monday at the age of 65 .
Jimmy Carter spoke yesterday at a tribute for Jackson .
Former President Bill Clinton expects to attend the funeral tomorrow .
Slaughter in Congo , with most of the world turning a blind eye .
A month of blood - letting between rival tribes has already killed 500 people .
That 's just a fraction of the killings and rapes and torture that have gripped the country since 1998 .
Here 's a look at what happened and some of the pictures in this report are very disturbing .
For a while , the world focused on the war in Iraq .
Now the spotlight turns to the conflict in the Middle East .
A massacre of massive proportions is unraveling in Africa , and most of the world is turning a blind eye .
International relief agencies estimate that more than 3 million people have died in what 's often dubbed Africa 's first world war .
It is , in fact , the deadliest conflict since World War II and has been going on for five years .
There is no oil here , but the land is home to other natural gems being fought over , diamonds , gold , timber and a mineral you probably use every day .
It 's in cell phones and laptop computers .
Congo , almost a quarter the size of the United States .
The war there , a direct spillover from the 1994 civil war in Rwanda , where government - led militia slaughtered an estimated 800,000 opposition , and opposition sympathizers in about 100 days .
After Rwanda , the world issued mea culpas .
President Clinton apologized for not getting involved .
Here 's what he said in 1998 .
And now joining us by phone from Liverpool with more on the Harry Potter heist is Caroline Forham , press officer with the Mersyside Police .
It 's come to stealing childrens books , has it ?
I think these are profitable childrens ' book , so very popular .
I think that people think they probably are lucrative for them .
As you mentioned , if anyone is seen to be selling these on the black market They will be prosecuted .
Is that why you think they were stolen , sale before the deadline or after ?
I think probably they know they can make more money before the deadline on these books , but I know no reputable book shop will take these stolen goods and sell them .
I think we are looking at in market stores and sales over the next coming days .
We have police officers looking for them and will prosecute anyone seen selling them or buying them .
Considering how much publicity was circulating about this book , there is injunctions about publishing anything or talking about the plot .
What kind of security was there in place for any truck carrying books ?
The books were stolen from a warehouse .
they have their own security measures .
They did have their CCTV operational .
We are looking at that to see if --
From the air , it looks like a big box of spilled matching and toothpicks .
A runaway freight train derailed in Commerce , California , and spilled its load of lumber .
Our national correspondent Frank Buckley is on the scene for us .
He 's there and joining us live with details .
How bad is it ?
Welcome back .
We 're following another important story in Washington , D.C. , involving the federal government 's investigation of al Qaeda operations in the United States .
Our justice correspondent Kelli Arena has details .
She 's joining us live .
Kelli ?
Reporter :
Wolf , the government will announce a plea agreement that was reached with an Ohio truck driver who allegedly has ties to al Qaeda , and the driver 's name is Iman Ferris , and according to government sources al Qaeda leader , Khaled Sheikh Mohammed told investigators that Ferris 's order to surveil the Brooklyn Bridge was the ultimate goal of trying to cut the suspension bridge 's cables and he was involved in a plot to drive a truck loaded with explosives onto an airport tarmac to blow up a plane .
Obviously , neither plan came off .
Ferris disappeared from sight , and CNN has confirmed he was taken into custody .
The documents regarding this case , Wolf , were just unsealed he pled guilty to two counts back on May 1st .
Because of the extreme sensitivity of the case , details about the plea arrangement were kept under seal .
We are told he pled guilty to conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and actually providing material support --
Okay .
Question of the day .
Here 's Jack back with that .
Thank you , Bill .
There 's a new poll out this morning , ABC News Washington Post poll that suggests that most Americans would support U.S. military action against Iran in order to keep the country from acquiring nuclear weapons .
According to the survey , 56 % said they would back military force to block Iran from developing nuclear weapons .
38 % said they 'd oppose it .
That was the question this morning .
Would you support the use of military force to block Iran from developing nuclear weapons ?
We have gotten hundreds of responses beginning with this one from Edward in Oklahoma .
I support the use of military force 100 % .
The problem is with all of the American forces busy in Iraq , Afghanistan , Korea , the Balkans , the Philippines and Korea , can we be sure that France and Russia are up to the job ?
Not bad .
Sally in Daytona Beach .
I think if we 're going to get this terror thing over with , I think we need to clear the countries that house them .
It would be deadly to let Iran get their hands on nuclear weapons employ I would support any action .
Karen Brights .
I do n't support Iran .
Why do we , America , get to choose who has nukes and who does n't ?
Is n't that the responsibility of the United Nations ?
Kay Jones in Waterford , Connecticut .
Sure , let 's invade Iran .
We 're already over there .
Besides the biggest cost to us next to the loss of life is transporting our troops overseas .
Iraq , Iran , it 's only one letter off , we could call it a typo .
A little cruel .
Bill in Montana .
Nuclear weapons in Iran , hope --
And Buzz writes no one wants to see a war , but no one wants to see another September 11th even more , especially a nuclear September 11th .
I would support military action in Iran if it helps to stabilize that area of the world .
You see it going this way ?
You see it going this way ?
I do n't know .
I do n't know .
I think it 's fascinating if you put up a map and a dot for all of the places that you get an --
See that graphic ?
More than a million babies awaiting adoption in China today .
A California family is now bigger by one .
Tonight they 're welcoming little Abby Kramer in the world .
Was anything but simple .
Her new mom and dad had to contend with international red tape , traveling thousands of miles to meet the new addition and cope with the SARS crisis going on in China .
Their story is remarkable .
Thelma Gutierrez telling the story of the Kramers meeting Kramer .
Reporter :
The Kramers are taking a trip , the trip of a lifetime .
I have passports and everything ready to pack .
Reporter :
Mark and Denise are going to China to pick up a baby girl .
Her new parents will call her Abby .
To me looks like my child is my child , so I ca n't wait to have her .
Reporter :
After waiting nearly a year , things get a little complicated for the Kramers .
SARS wreaks havoc in China and foreign adoptions are put on hold .
The Kramers are among the lucky ones .
Their vias are approved .
Do you have masks ?
Yes , actually , we did bring some masks .
Reporter :
Still they have concerns .
They 're heading to Quinn Joe .
We understand that 's where the SARS epidemic started from and we 're going right to the heart .
Reporter :
Nothing will stop them .
What would you tell her about somehow she came to you and why she was given up ?
The people that gave birth to you are not necessarily your mom and dad .
They 're the ones that love you and care for you .
We are .
Reporter :
Finally , It 's time to go , with the 16 - hour flight to look forward to --
it 's been a total rollercoaster .
Reporter :
The Kramers are finally on their way .
With our video camera , they record their journey .
We just boarded the plane .
The flight attendants are wearing masks .
Reporter :
The Kramers decide not to , neither do the other 23 adoptive families on the long overseas trip .
We just got off , so our 16 - hour flight is over .
Reporter :
The families begin with a tour .
An alligator , my goodness .
Reporter :
The Kramers must wait and travel to another town for Abby .
On the next flight , passengers wear masks and their temperatures are taken for signs of SARS .
Today is the big day .
We 're an hour and a half from getting our Abigail .
Reporter :
Finally the Kramers meet Abby .
Hi , there .
I kind of leaned over and gave her a kiss on the forehead and she looked up and --
Reporter :
They know little about their little girl , found by the side of the road days after she was born .
She spent most of her life in an orphannage .
Now Abby has a new life in California with the Kramers and their two kids .
I think I love her more every day , every time I look at her .
Reporter :
Thelma Gutierrez , CNN , Los Angeles .
Well , it is our turn to meet the Kramers back in the U.S. after their journey to China to bring home the newest and cutest perhaps , member of their family , in Los Angeles , the proud parents of 11 month Abigail Kramer .
Thank you for being with us .
Thank you for having us .
She is unbelievably adorable .
Thanks .
Tell us a little about this journey , that moment when you first saw her .
You traveled .
This is going on two years .
You battled bureaucracy , traveling thousands of miles , facing disease .
What was that like ?
Incredible , you know , just to hold her in our arms , have her with us .
I mean , you count the moments , and it was just anticipation all the way there .
So it was relief .
It was , you know , a dream come true .
she 's really a delight .
I mean , though it was a little pandemonium at the moment , she 's wonderful .
We love her .
And , Mark , the first time you were holding her , it looked like she was crying a lot .
She seemed startled to see someone that looked so different .
Yes , this was probably her first experience ever seeing a fair - skinned , bearded goatee , monster - looking guy and she just freaked out the first time she saw me .
It took about a day and a half for her to warm up .
I had to hide in the hotel room .
She would find me in the room and start crying every time she saw me .
You had to hide in the hotel room ?
Yeah , she 'd find me across the room and break into tears .
It was kind of that way with anyone that was blond , that was fair - skinned .
Yeah .
When you first heard about Sars , I mean , did you suddenly think , this may not happen ? this could stop the whole thing .
Sure .
We got calls that morning saying `` Did you hear that they 're halting all travel ? '' and we put in a call to the agency , we were going , and we put a lot of trust in our agency , and they were great .
You know , unless we were absolutely stopped , we were going .
Right .
After two years of working towards it , we were almost more afraid not to go than to go at the very end .
You know , Mark , I hope this is n't too personal a question .
If it is , just simply tell me to shut up .
But in the story I saw Abby was abandoned on the side of the road , which it 's unthinkable .
You ca n't even imagine a parent doing that .
What do you think you 're going to tell her when she grows up about how she came to live with you ?
Well , I get emotional every time someone asks that , but we 're going to give her the best love and affection we can and give her a strong self esteem and we 're going to teach her --
A wildfire in California forced hundreds of people from their homes .
The fire , near the historic State Park started yesterday when a trailer , hauled by a pickup , ignited on the Golden State Freeway .
The fire consumed more than 500 acres is only about 35 % contained .
No injuries have been reported thankfully at this time .
So what do the Clintons , Ford and Arnold Schwarzenegger and the cast of `` Friends '' have in common ?
They all love California .
That is certainly true .
and now Aaron Tonkin and according to `` Vanity Fair , '' he 's at the heart of half a dozen investigations with fraud and angry investor lawsuits a-plenty .
Joining us is Brian Burrow to explain it for us .
Who is this guy ?
Garn Tonkin ?
Brian , can you hear me ?
I think heard someone say something .
Can you hear me ?
You 're on the air .
One of the great moments of live television , is n't it ?
Brian , can you hear me ?
All right .
We 'll take a --
I can hear you now , Anderson .
Well , maybe not .
Can you hear me ?
Just barely .
We 'll take a short break .
We 'll be right back .
Become a member of at westin.com. jooirx .
Joining us , Brian Burrow .
Who is Aaron Tonkin .
He is one of the biggest if not the biggest names in the world of Hollywood fund - raisers .
A person who would put together celebrities with charities to raise a lot of money .
He was perhaps best known as kind of the focal point between Bill and Hillary Clinton in the Hollywood community .
What 's interesting , I mean , reading the article , basically a lot of the celebrities paid by him to attend charity functions .
Yeah .
That 's one of the things that was most surprising to me was in learning that in one major fund - raiser , for instance , honoring former President Clinton , former President Ford paid by Mr. Tonkin and Sylvester Stalone was paid .
I thought it was for charity .
Yeah .
I guess apparently not and a lot of the celebrities making money from this .
Are they reporting it to the IRS .
I guess at least one IRS investigation about this .
Right now , Aaron Tonkin factors in no fewer than seven different federal and state investigations .
One of them being an IRS investigation into several million dollars worth of cash and gift that is he gave to many many Hollywood celebrities .
Now , his attorney gave us a statement I 'll put it on the screen .
It says --
Is that possible ?
In fact , alledged one of the principle reasons he took so much fun from --
Reports showing a rebound in New York 's manufacturing sector is helping to fuel that optimism today .
Right now the Dow Jones industrial average with a triple - digit gain , up 137 .
The blue chip advance is being led by manufacturers 3M and Caterpillar , as well as Merck and Johnson & Johnson , and the Nasdaq composite is adding more than 1.5 % .
Meantime , shares of Kmart are surging nearly $ 3 .
It lost $ 862 million in the first quarter , but that 's much better than the retailer did a year ago when it was under bankruptcy protection .
That 's the very latest from Wall Street .
Well , sex abuse by priests remains an issue in the Catholic Church in the United States and it is certain to be an issue as bishops gather tomorrow in St. Louis for their semiannual meeting .
Under a charter approved last year by the National Conference of Catholic Bishops , diocese officials will report allegations of sexual abuse of a minor to public authorities .
Past , present or future sexual abuse of a minor will lead to removal from the ministry .
No priest or deacons who sexually abuse a minor may be transferred to another diocese .
With me now to talk more about the O'Brien case and the divisions still dividing the church are Barbara Blain , the founder of the Survivors Network in St. Louis and also joining us from Detroit Joe Mayor , the founder of a priest support group .
Barbara , to you first .
As the bishops get ready for this important meeting tomorrow , are you satisfied that they have taken all the appropriate steps to deal with the abuse issue ?
Well , also in England , he 's rich , handsome , got millions of adoring fans , and today he celebrates a birthday , big 21 .
Prince William , second in line to the British throne .
CNN 's Walter Rodgers has the story .
Reporter :
In days of yore , an English prince , a king in waiting would be charging off to battle on a horse , just before his 21st birthday .
Prince William is chasing a polo ball , such of what has become of the British monarchy over time .
Buckingham Palace released his pictures of William , brother Harry and their father , Prince Charles in what some see as a skilled marketing campaign to sell the monarchy to the next generation of Britains .
After 15 years of scandals and embarrassment , many see Prince William as the House of Windsor 's only hope .
It 's the young people he needs to appeal to .
By the time he gets to the throne , it 's going to be in 40 years , the young people of today that need to be his fans .
Reporter :
William does not lack for fans .
Those who wept when his mother , Princess Diana , died , apparently transfered their affection to her eldest son .
He is part teen idol , part king in the making , but unlike his father , Prince Charles , who is likely to precede him to the throne , this prince disdains being called your Royal Highness , signing his name , William Wales .
I would think that if you asked anyone if William is normal , every single person would say , absolutely normal , but slightly more serious than most young men his age .
Reporter :
Prince William is most at ease with those closest to him , those he can trust not to run to Britain 's gossipy media .
Despite Prince Charles ' ugly divorce with Princess Diana , the affection between father and son is now palpable and enviable .
You 're all very good .
Reporter :
The younger king in the making calls Britain 's next king Pa .
William , once his mother 's confidante and protector now seems the apple of his father 's eye .
Was chasing him with a stick , and the horse was ducking .
Reporter :
There 's a huge birthday bash for William at Windsor Castle , more than 300 guests invited , all ffk , friends of the future king .
That birthday party has now been under way about --
Seven minutes before the top of the hour .
At the beginning we told about this incredible story about the rescue of three fishermen in the waters off the coast of Vancouver , stuck in the waters , gale force winds , small boat .
They were rescued by a cruise ship that happened to be in the neighborhood .
Those three men did n't realize how lucky they were until they were plucked out of the water .
We have with us Captain Kent Ringboard , on board the Royal Caribbean `` Radiance of the Seas . ''
I understand you were on board when this rescue happened .
Were you in charge ?
Yes , that 's correct I was in charge .
Tell us about what happened here .
What was it you were looking at when you looked out over the waters ?
Well , it was quite windy , gusty winds up to 40 , 50 miles an hour , and it came from southeast , and we got the alarm this distress situation just before 5:00 in the morning , and we were on relatively slow speed for the time being , but we of course , speeded up to the position , which was given , and after an hour , we spotted the fishing boat in the waters .
These men were in some water that was quite frigid .
If they stayed out there for long they could have suffered severe tragedy , perhaps .
I want to ask you , Have you ever done anything like this ? Have you ever seen anything like this done ?
No , I have never seen this type of operation where you have a fishing vessel disappear , more or less , and that the survivors , they had to go into the water , pick them up from the water .
Was there any point at which you did n't think you would be able to pull it off ?
Sorry , please say again ?
Was there any point at which you thought you would n't be able to pull it off ?
No , absolutely not .
we were 100 % sure we could make it , absolutely , because we came very close to the vessel , we had our rescue boat out soon .
So I felt confident about it .
I saw the fishermen also had the surviving suits on , so that gave me more time to help .
That was a good thing for them .
What about your crew that was actually involved in the rescue here ? are they trained for this sort of thing ?
Yes , they are very much well - trained .
We train for this type of operation at least every 14 days .
I 'm hopeful those three fishermen bought you a glass of wine once you got them on board .
We gave them some .
These incredible pictures .
I 'm not sure if you have been able to see some of these pictures playing on the television sets around the world but we look at these pictures and think there 's no way a cruise ship , as big as it is , will be able to maneuver into position in these kinds of heavy seas to save three corks out there on the water .
Amazing .
It was interesting , but we had a good maneuvering capability on .
The same part of the world , high winds , high seas , three fishermen rescued near Vancouver by a Royal Caribbean cruise ship .
The men held on the sinking vessel until the passenger ship was able to reach them .
A cruise line spokesman said if it were not for the fisherman 's protective suits , they probably would not have stayed warm enough to survive .
The same part of the world in which we had that other incident the other day , about 52 degrees that water temp .
That is chilly .
That 's a job , huh ?
Here is Jack .
Question of the day .
Worst job you ever had .
High - profile people who are taking it on the Arthur and heading for other places .
The lady at the Pentagon saying she was leaving , saying it had been an honor serving her post but she 's leaving for personal reasons .
Frank Keating leaving a commission set up to look into allegations of sex abuse in the Catholic Church , he decided to quit after he made comments comparing uncooperative church bishops to La Casa Nostra .
Other folks , Ari Fleischer .
We thought it might be interesting to share tales of the worst job you ever had .
Why did you leave it ?
You can e-mail us --
This done count , sorry , crews all going .
This one right here ?
Working with us .
I spent one summer at the University of Nevada waxing dormitory floors and moving furniture in buildings --
Comes with someone involved in case of a 22 - year - old disabled woman in Florida .
They talk about her current predicament .
A mind of toddler , raped while in state care , pregnant , and forced in the spotlight when Jeb Bush tried to get a guardian appointed for her fetus .
Predicament goes hard enough to describe that .
To continue a pregnancy that her lawyer says she is not aware of but the decision was n't based on the advice of the governor .
Here 's CNN 's Susan Candyioti .
Reporter :
We know her only by her initial , this mother - to - be , JDS .
Only 22 years old with no known family .
Police say she has the mental capacity of a 1 - year - old .
According to court filing , JDS has cerebral palsy and she 's autistic .
She did n't become pregnant by choice , she was raped , police say in a group home overseen by the state of Florida .
JDS is now more than six months pregnant .
Since she 's incapable of making her own decision , a Florida judge based his decision on below to give birth on the recommendation .
Two doctors agreed JDS is , `` in good health . ''
Two sonograms reveal , no obvious or significant fetal abnormalities .
Although , JDS is autistic , a guardian says JDS appears to be responsive not just sitting in a semiconscious state all the time .
Still undecided , an appeal by Governor Jeb Bush , who wants the guardian apointed for the fetus .
He says the unborn child must be protected .
However , a spokesman for the governor says he calls the court ruling for JDS , not to abort the baby , compassionate and humane .
Last month in Miami , a judge ordered an abortion for another severely disabled raped woman who had been living in a state - regulated home .
In that case , the young woman 's mother approved the abortion .
And in this case , there are a lot of unanswered questions still .
For example , what will happen to the baby , and what will happen to JDS ?
Of course , according to the guardian , she 's very worried about that , too , and she has warned the court that she hopes the mother will be placed in a better home when all of this is over , one where she is far better protected than she was by the state in a home where police say she was raped .
Aaron ?
Well , two questions .
Do they know who the rapist is ?
That 's sort a yes or no , I suppose .
And the other is , Has the state done anything ?
Is it doing anything to tighten up security in these places with respect defenseless people are being attacked ?
Reporter :
Well , first of all , regarding the rape , they hope to find out who the father is once she gives birth because they will analyze DNA from the baby in order to try to determine paternity in this case , and the governor has ordered a panel of experts now to study this issue of security .
Far better security than is clearly needed for people such as this woman , JDS , living in group homes .
Well , we will wait for the report .
Thank you , Susan .
Susan Candiotti in Florida .
Coming up on `` Newsnight , '' a cease - fire in the Middle East , is there one or is it lots of talk .
Actions say different .
We 'll talk to a Palestinian legal representative , their legal adviser when we continue from New York .
Meanwhile , Islamic Jihad is claiming responsibility for a bombing today at a small Israeli grocery store in Israel , but near the West Bank board .
The store 's owner and the Palestinian bomber were killed .
The store is a total loss .
The Israeli , 63 years old was in the store .
There 's some indication the Palestinian suicide bomber had expected more Israelis to be inside , but there were n't any other Israelis there .
He blew himself up apparently as a result .
The investigation is continuing .
Islamic Jihad has so far claimed responsibility for that .
Secretary of State Colin Powell says some progress is being made despite all of this , towards a truce involving Palestinian militants .
Powell is wrapping up a trip to Southeast Asia .
He 's due here in Jerusalem tomorrow morning for talks with the Israeli Prime Minister and the Foreign Minister .
Later , he 's supposed to helicopter to Jericho on the West Bank to meet with the Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas .
In Michigan , a second straight night and into this morning , hundreds of people have been rioting in Benton Harbor .
A man on a motorcycle was killed while being chased about I police , the violence broke out .
The governor has declared a state of emergency .
Mark Alberts from our affiliate has more from Benton Harbor .
How about the former mayor ?
He got married .
What else has Rudy Giuliani been up to ?
He spoke with Paula Zahn .
It was her first night back .
Here 's a bit of what , he had to say to her .
My focus is on re-electing President Bush and Dick Cheney next year .
The convention is going to be here in the city of New York .
That 's not the question I asked you .
What I 'm going to do ?
That 's so far in the future .
Would you consider a run for governor .
Sure , I would consider running for public office again in a couple of years because , first of all , I enjoy public service and I enjoy campaigning .
I was in 30 states I think last year , on behalf of Republican candidates and I tend to do a lot of campaigning in the next year for the President .
At some point , I 'm going to want to do it myself .
Speaking of the presidency , you said it would be arrogant to talk about that office when it 's not under serious consideration .
Is that something that you 've ever given a glancing thought to ?
I do n't think you do unless it 's realistic .
At this point , my candidate --
We begin with Strom Thurmond the man who set an endureance record for politics died last night in his hometown of Edgefield , South Carolina .
He won his first election in 1928 , the office of the county superintendent .
From there , he had a 36 - year career affiliated with the Democratic Party before he switched parties in 1964 to support Barry Goldwater 's campaign for President .
It started a 36 - year career of the Republican Party .
He gained national recognition as a segregationist .
Much more ahead on his legendary and controversial career in just a few minutes .
A man who had controversy , but knew how to change with the times .
The draining of a pond for anthrax evidence in Maryland is finished .
Up next for investigators , to try to search sediment on the bottom of the pond located just outside Fredrick , not far from Washington , D.C .
It 's part of the investigation into the deadly anthrax attacks in the fall of 2001 in which five people were killed .
We 're told the Russian President Vladimir Putin was greeted by Prince Charles as he arrived in London today .
The music beginning as they enter , part of the formalities of a royal reception such as this .
His private plane arrived at Heathrow Airport .
Putin and his wife left for the official reception that you 're seeing now here in central London .
We 'll bring Walter Rodgers back in who 's live outside Buckingham Palace .
Let 's listen in for a few moments , Roger , and then we 'll talk about this reception and what it means .
Listening to `` God Save the Queen . ''
Her Majesty with Russian President , his wife and also Prince Charles sitting down with their guests .
Also with them Prime Minister Tony Blair .
Walter Rodgers outside of Buckingham Palace as the royal reception here begins .
First time for Russian head of state to visit Britain .
More than 130 years .
Actually the last time was Alexander II in 1874 .
Same type of fanfare and pomp to take place .
Walter Rodgers , let 's talk about if we could , the guest list .
Just looking at this group at this royal reception and , I 'm even noticing some gentleman , probably a political and religious mix of sorts .
How did the queen design the guest list for this incredible and historic event ?
I 'm Rhonda Schaffler , live from the New York Stock Exchange , where stocks are stuck in reverse .
Stocks have rallied for three months on a hope of a turnaround in the economy .
Investors ignoring upbeat signs about the economy today .
A key gauge of future economic activity posted its biggest rise in 17 months .
Despite that the Dow Jones industrial average sliding at the moment by 76 points .
General Electronic using a dollar after three brokerage companies cut their profit expectation on the company .
Nasdaq off 0.75 % .
CNN 's `` Live From '' continues after this .
They 're calling it a one of a kind exhibit the rarest and most precious diamonds in the world on display starting tomorrow morning at a Smithsonian in Washington .
They are huge rocks .
Kathleen Coke got a private advanced tour of the vault and the diamonds .
Reporter :
They are the seven wonders of the gem world gathered together in one place for the first time in history .
For these three months this will be a once in a lifetime opportunity to see these together .
Reporter :
In the heart of the Museum of National History past cabinets of artifacts , they are stored temporarily in a vault few people enter .
We did interviews locked inside next to the seven perfect diamonds .
Flawless .
Reporter :
Just simply touching it .
203 carats , 40 grams .
It 's got a good heft to it .
Reporter :
A hefty diamond that thieves took a stab at in London in 2000 using a bulldozier , sledgehammer and nail guns .
Police tipped off the raiding .
They would have committed the largest robbery ever to take place ever in the world .
Reporter :
The jewels include the finest colored diamonds present in the world .
Colors created when impurities replaced the carbon .
This beautiful yellow gets its color from nitrogen impurities .
The blue color comes from boron .
Reporter :
The 59.6 carat pink diamond just unveiled in Monaco is on display for the first time , its owners confident it is secure .
This exhibit is every jewel thief 's dream .
They 're Mt. Everest to conquer .
Is n't that a frightening prospect ?
It 's a very frightening prospect .
It is a nightmare .
That will never take place .
Reporter :
Assured because the collection will take place in the same room of the Hope Diamond .
This room an actual vault with state - of - the - art security .
Iron doors hidden in panels close every night , sealing it off from the the rest of the museum .
Reporter :
Stars hyperventilating and dig tears getting a tour of it .
Kathleen Koch , CNN , Washington .
As for me .
Welcome back to `` People in the News . ''
The intifada , the spontaneous 1987 Palestinian uprising against the Israeli occupation , heralded the rise of the Muslim fundamentalism , in what had been a mostly secular Palestinian movement .
The most popular of these groups Hamas , an acronym for Islamic Resistance Movement .
In English it means zeal .
Its aim -- the destruction of Israel .
Hamas is an Islamic movement .
At the very beginning , it was encouraged by Israel because they thought it was a counter weight to Palestinian nationalism which is , of course , a secular movement .
Hamas was founded in 1988 by a blind paraplegic cleric who was influenced by the Islamic Muslim Brotherhood .
With backing from Israel , he set up charities in the improverished Strip in the 1970s .
Slowly it became more and more politicized , and more and more extreme in its demands for an Islamic state .
The extremism took the form of suicide bombings and terrorist attacks , but Hamas had already become an important part of Palestinian society through its charity work and its influence increased over time by providing community services when the Palestinian Authority did not .
Hamas plays on the Palestinian Authority 's failure to produce .
Its basic message , the Palestinian Authority is corrupt , it fails to deliver , Hamas is not corrupt , Hamas cares about the person on the street and it does deliver .
Unfortunately , those same charitable organizations , those same charity committees that funnel the funds to needier Palestinians , also serve to support terrorist attacks .
Israel and the United States say Arafat has not been tough enough on terrorism , and have attempted to force him out of the current peace process .
The Prime Minister known as Abu Mazen must now contend with the rejection of side by side Palestinian and Israeli states , a cornerstone of the new peace plan .
He 's trying to get Hamas to co-exist with Israel .
Conservative Israelis are skeptical .
He is not working against Hamas , he is working in tandem .
He is negotiating with them .
He is not telling them to disband and regulate their weapons , so I have no faith in the ability of Abu Mazen to put terror aside .
Reporter :
Settlers call the just concluded Israeli - American - Palestinian summit a surrender , and were not impressed .
Translator :
The armed intifada must end and we must use and resort to peaceful means in our quest to end the occupation and the suffering of the Palestinians , and the Israelis , and to establish the Palestinian state .
Hamas and other Palestinian militant groups rejected Abbas ' call to end their attacks with a deadly raid on an Israeli Army outpost in Gaza .
We are all saying that the resistance will continue despite the summit in Aqaba .
Israel retaliated on Hamas , namely Al - rantissi .
It missed him and killed civilians .
Translator :
Hamas will not drop our weapons , even if all leaders are assassinated .
Reporter :
Since the second intifada began in 2000 , over 700 Israelis have been killed .
During the same time there have been more than 2,000 Palestinian deaths according to the Red Crescent , including Hamas leaders targeted for assassination .
If you want an end to terrorism , if you want an end to violence , you have to give people hope and you have to give them a stake in the political process .
I think that Hamas is ready to join the political process , however , if the only price for the political price is you must fight Hamas , if that 's what they are requiring Abu Mazen to do , they are almost mandating that he will fail .
The main test of Mahmoud Abbas , will be to establish an overall command of all armed groups .
If not , it does n't have a chance .
You know , leaders have to do things --
A net worth of $ 300 million .
Anyone who knows me knows my obsession with tween stars .
They 're kids eight to 14 , and for millions , their heroes barely occupy puberty .
The reason for my obsession is simple , deep seething jealousy .
It is n't enough for these tween stars to be on the TV or movie .
They want to own every form of media and want to own it now .
Unlike the Corey Feldman of the ' 80s , today 's tweens are n't content with succeeding in just one of medium .
Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen started it all .
Now they have a billion dollar empire built on videos , clothing perfume and more .
And then there 's the tween Hilary Duff .
Fans know her as Lizzie Maguire .
Movies , books , albums .
Three corporate giants head the way .
Typical , Nickelodeon or Disney starts them off .
Then when they 're ready to breed they go to the WB .
Why such a focus on these tween stars ?
It has little to do with their artistic vision .
One star told Vanity Fair their favorite author is whoever wrote the Bible .
These kids are at that magical age when new multibillion declare spending power is put in service of intense peer pressure leading to brand loyalties that can last a lifetime .
The flip side between stars , though , is once the fans grow up their star power may dim .
Do n't believe it just ask one of the Coreys .
These tweens are everywhere .
They 're right on the cover of Vanity Fair .
Tweens are all over it .
That 's the issue right there .
So we have with us Vanity Fair Fashion Director Elizabeth Olsen .
I was shocked when I saw them cover the tweens .
Why are they so important ?
They 're important because we report on what 's happening .
We report on the culture of what 's now , what makes money , what the buzz is , what 's next .
And they 're making a lot of money .
A much more than a lot of money .
Unlike stars of the past , they really are not content to be singers or dancers , they are like Omnimedia , mini Martha Stewart .
They 're more than that , actually , because they have a television show to back themselves up , then the movie , then the clothing line .
They have much more and reach a much broader audience as well .
I saw one interviewed , and they said , Yeah , when I left The Cosby Show at age four , I cut an album at age five .
What happened to being kids ?
That was the great thing about the photo shoot .
They 're still young , ambitious , excited , they play dressup and have pillow fights .
Who 's the ultimate tween ?
you have to talk about Hilary Duff , and you have to talk about the Olsen twins .
Because the Olsen twins started it all .
They created it , maybe .
They more than started it .
And they started prenatal .
But they turned it into an empire , what Shirley Temple could have done .
Had she only known .
I think their company is called Dual Star .
Like a gross of a billion dollars last year .
They work hard .
They 're not just sitting there hiring people to do their business .
They do their own business , and they 're well - rounded and polite people .
Are they nice ?
They 're so nice and cool .
How about that ?
They 're actually very , very cool .
I 'm not sure of that .
And Hilary Duff is a star , and I guarantee you , they will grace their own cover .
Do they all have staying power ?
One ca n't predict that all have it , but some have it .
It depends on who 's managing it , what career choices they make , what their parents help them to do .
It would be interesting to see the audience that sort of adores them now , whether --
It 'll be a busy weekend for Secretary Powell on the sidelines of the forum , members of the Middle East quartet meeting on Sunday .
It 's composed of the U.S. , Russia , the European Union , and the United Nations .
An U.N. envoy says the group 's first priority is to negotiate a transfer of military power over Gaza and Bethlehem to the Palestinian Authority .
Sheila Macvicar has the latest .
Reporter :
There are some suggestions after the visit yesterday of Colin Powell meeting with Ariel Sharon .
Palestinian Prime Minister Abbas said more progress may be made on implementation of the U.S. administration 's road map to peace .
`` The Los Angeles Times '' reporting that Israeli and Palestinian officials may be very close to reaching a deal for security control , not just of a small part of Gaza , but returning all of the Gaza Strip to Palestinian control , that 's a very significant step , indeed , plus the West Bank city of Bethlehem .
The `` L.A. Times '' reporting that negotiations are continuing and will resume tomorrow .
Senior Israeli officials telling CNN that the size of the area to be returned to the Gaza Strip is not so much the question confirming that , in fact , returning all of the Gaza Strip to Palestinian security control is one of the options the Israelis have indeed put on the table .
The issue is the Palestinian readiness and willingness to be able to implement full security control throughout all of the Gaza Strip .
Now , from the Israeli perspective , that also means they would expect Palestinian Authority to fairly quickly begin to disarm and dismantle organizations like Hamas in particular .
Let 's talk about Fidelity actually shifting some name brand funds into no loads .
Reporter :
It means it is going to be less expensive to get into some of the mutual funds , some of the biggest , by Fidelity .
Fidelity is going to get rid of the 3 % upfront sales charge on five of its largest funds .
That does include the Magellan Fund which is its biggest .
Contra Fund and low - priced stock funds charges are going to be canceled as well .
Magellan and New Millennium are closed to new investors .
Current investors are not going to be charged .
Peoria Police Department .
They are trying to take advantage of investor 's renewed interests to buy stock .
Many investors shy away from funds that include a load or fee .
That load or fee was already waived .
Now , as far as what is going on here on Wall Street , some renewed interest in buying this afternoon .
Stocks modestly higher .
Of course everyone is more or less waiting for the Fed decision on interest rates .
We 're going to get that tomorrow .
Wall Street expects the central bank to cut rates .
Technology stocks holding near the break - even line .
There was a warning from chip maker Advanced Micro Devices .
The company says it 's going to miss sales expectations so that is reining in some tech buying .
Nasdaq 's up just slightly .
That 's the very latest news from Wall Street .
CNN `` Live From '' continues right after this break .
Bob Novak 's here with the `` Inside Buzz . ''
I understand there may be a rift among the Republican leadership in the Houses ?
Yeah , there 's a little tension between the House Majority Leader , Tom DeLay , and his successor as House Majority Whip and his former deputy , Lloyd Blunt .
Kind of came to light when `` The Washington Post '' had a front - page story showing disagreement on the provision .
DeLay had it taken out .
They 've been disagreeing on union opposed bill on flex time .
There 's just a lot of feeling that DeLay does n't feel Blunt is doing the job as well as he did it .
Maybe they 're jossling for who 's going to be the next Speaker .
I do n't think Dennis Hastert plans to step down soon anyway .
Moving on to the Democrats .
What 's the speculation about John Edwards ?
Some of the national Democratic operatives think John Edwards is going to run for President and that he ought to get out and concentrate on being reelected Senator of North Carolina which wo n't be easy .
Some people think White House Chief of Staff would be a stronger candidate anyway .
I 'm not sure if that 's true , but there 's a lot of feeling this presidental race --
And the pope will reportedly name a new head of the troubled Boston Archdiocese this week .
Sean Patrick O'Malley , the bishop of Palm Beach , Florida , is expected to replace Cardinal Bernard Law .
That 's according to the National Catholic Reporter .
Law stepped down in December amid charges of widespread child sexual abuse in the church .
Spy to help free private Jessica Lynch .
Lara hijacking in 1995 has been captured by U.S. forces in or near Baghdad .
This was the Italian ship that was captured by Palestinian terrorists back in 1985 and some may remember the story of Leon Clinghover .
He was in a wheelchair and the terrorists shot him and pushed him over the side of the ship into the Mediterranean where he obviously , died .
This man , Abu Abbas has lived an itinerant life , he 's been in Tunas , he 's been in Libya and he 's been living under the protection of Saddam Hussein in Baghdad , but he is wanted for murder in Italy .
There are , U.S. charges which have expired but could , I am told , possibly be restarted for piracy , hostage taking and conspiracy .
So this is one of the oldest cases of terrorism that is one of the oldest cases that has not been closed to date .
Now looks as if this man Abu Absaas is in U.S. hands .
Miles ?
Sharon Osbourne did not enjoy her meal at a Los Angeles restaurant last night .
Ozzy 's wife reportedly got into a fight with Hollywood agent Renee Tab .
Sharon spit on Tab and called her names .
Osbourne 's spokeswoman says Sharon was quote , `` viciously assaulted and treated at a hospital . ''
Disagreement between the women began months ago when Osbourne said Tab attended her family 's New Year 's Eve party uninvited and then won the door prize , a $ 15,000 necklace .
A spokesman says that if any charges are filed , they will be on the low end of the misdemeanor scale .
That is the very joyous town of Palestine , West Virginia , on the news that Jessica Lynch is eventually going to come home .
What a brave young woman .
Did you hear about the injuries she sustained .
Did you hear about the firing she did .
She was going to fight to the death .
She was captured but she was one tough cookie , apparently .
God bless her .
And she 's going to be all right , it looks like .
We have some other items , Voices of America they 're called here on American Morning .
Home front responses to the ongoing war in Iraq .
We begin in Oklahoma , a story of sacrifice in wartime .
Cass Apd Ra gave birth to her first daughter , Alexis Jane Denise , but without her husband .
John Scottsdale is on the front lines in Iraq .
I do n't know what to do .
Since her husband could n't be there for Alexis ' birth , his parents have stepped in to help with their new granddaughter and it looks as though mother and daughter are doing well .
Voices of America on a morning where it looks like things are going well for the coalition members .
Did you hear the family members of Jessica Lynch yesterday .
They said it was a miraculous thing .
It was the first American prisoner of war ever rescued since World War II .
They 've tried these things before , but never with the success .
I guess miracle is n't too strong a word .
It 's a great word .
When you heard her father talk .
Welcome Jeffrey to be in .
He thought it --
You 've heard the old saying , the best offense is a good defense ?
Perhaps with that in mind , the nation 's threat level back at orange , or high , to discourage and thwart potential terrorist attacks .
What does this mean if you 're traveling you might ask .
To CNN 's Patty Davis at Reagan National Airport .
What are travelers to do and , for that matter , not to do ?
Reporter :
Miles , what that means is tighter security at airports across the country , and that could potentially slow you down .
Some things you may want to do is , first of all , just get here a little bit early .
Now , Homeland Security chief Tom Ridge described some of those new security measures on top of the ones that are already in place .
Begin the training for the pilots in the cockpits with firearms .
Then you 've got the hardened cockpit doors .
You have training for the flight attendants .
You have more federal air marshals .
You come outside the airplane itself and you have technology , 100 % inspection of baggage .
You have new trained inspectors for passengers .
You enhance airport security outside the perimeter .
There will be additional random inspections of vehicles and potentially , depending on the airport , some limitations of ingress and egress into the airport .
Reporter :
Airports are currently --
CNN has learned Osama Bin Laden sent a private letter to his followers in February , ordering them to attack the U.S. and its allies .
A month later , U.S. and Pakistani troops zeroed in on Bin Laden 's location , but he escaped .
Intelligence sources in Asia say the message was taken by couriers from an area along the Pakistan / Afghanistan border , where Bin Laden is believed to be hiding .
The message was spread to al Qaeda members in Africa , the Middle East and Asia .
A live picture of the President of United States landing at an air field in Northern Ireland .
Once he gets out of the helicopter he 'll transfer to Air Force One to come home after a 20 - hour visit with the Prime Minister of Great Britain .
They talked about a lot of things , about what peace in the Middle East could look like , what post-war Iraq could look like .
They talked about problems in Northern Ireland .
We 're going to pause for a second to see if we see the President hopping off this chopper .
As you probably know , the Prime Minister of the Great Britain has been under great pressure at home and much of Europe to support giving the United Nations a very strong role in stabilizing Iraq .
The White House had signaled consistently it wants the United States and Great Britain to create a lead role .
We learned from John King , traveling with the President , that the new Iraq will be run neither by U.S. / British coalition or United Nations , but by the Iraqi people .
That some of what the Prime Minister and President shared with reporters at news conference following their meetings .
The President went on to say that an interim authority composed of Iraq GRS inside and outside the country will run Iraq until a permanent government can be established .
Do you want to hang with the shot ?
Okay , we 're going to stay with this shot .
We 'll talk more about what the two leaders discussed at the joint news conference following their series of meetings .
They really wanted to let folks who had any concerns about what the U.N. involvement might be to not worry .
They said there will definitely be some kind of role for the United Nations .
They think it 's very important for the European nations to be on board with the plan , but once again , they very much view the future of Iraq as being that in Iraqi hands .
The President greeting a number of dignitaries as he gets ready here to board Air Force One on his way home .
A little earlier this morning , I spoke with an Iraqi dissident who teaches and writes extensively on the Middle East .
He wrote a book called The Republic of Fear , the Politics of Modern Iraq , and I asked him about the news that Saddam Hussein was targeted in yesterday 's strike and how Iraqis would react if Saddam was killed .
24 hours after a coordinated series of suicide bombings in Saudi Arabia , the death toll is still rising .
An eighth American has died .
In all , 21 people were killed , not including the nine suspected bombers .
Nearly 200 people were injured .
U.S. and Saudi officials say the bombings bear the trademark of al Qaeda .
They may have been timed to coincide with the arrival of Secretary of State Colin Powell in Riyadh .
The State Department is ordering all non-essential diplomats and dependents out of the country .
An FBI team is heading to Saudi Arabia to help investigate the attacks .
They targeted three residential compounds for Americans and other Westerners .
German police say a teenage Lebanese gunman , who hijacked a bus today , was hoping to free a key September 11th suspect .
The gunman is accused of commandeering the bus in the north German city of Bremen and holding 16 people hostage during a 75 - mile police chase down the autobahn .
Negotiators say he demanded the release of four prisoners , including Ramzi Binalshibh , a September 11th suspect apprehended last year in Pakistan .
Police captured the 17 - year - old hijacking suspect without firing a shot .
All hostages were released unharmed .
These are the latest developments in the war on Iraq .
The Pentagon tonight said coalition troops have reached Baghdad International Airport .
Troops are involved in heavy fighting with Iraqi forces .
The Pentagon says the strategy is to seize key objectives in and around Baghdad .
Reports suggesting airport buildings have been attacked , but runways remain operational .
Tonight , a series of large explosions rocking central Baghdad , as we 've been reporting to you over the course of this hour .
Coalition aircraft were heard flying overhead .
It 's not clear what the targets are .
Certainly , some of them near and around Saddam Hussein International Airport although there have been strikes in central Baghdad as well .
In the course of the past hour , the Army 's 3rd Infantry Division 1st Marine Division , leading the assault against Baghdad .
The 3rd Infantry is approaching from the southwest , the 1st Marines from the southeast .
Armored forces destroyed dozens of Iraqi tanks and personnel carriers in their advance on Baghdad .
Iraqi forces using Soviet - era tanks .
They stand no chance against the M1 Abrams tanks used by army and Marines .
6:03 a.m. Eastern time , seven Americans who had been prisoners of war in Iraq make a public appearance at the medical center in Germany .
They say they 're looking forward to going home , which relatives of one former POW say could happen as soon as tomorrow .
Officials at the hospital say the seven are in good shape and their prognosis is excellent , even though three have gunshot wounds .
6:21 Eastern time , 2:21 p.m. in Iraq , Iraqi protesters demonstrate outside a Baghdad mosque , opposing what they call the U.S. occupation , and saying any new Iraqi government must represent the people .
6:33 a.m. , CNN 's Jane Arraf reports from Kirkuk that local authorities and U.S. investigators are still mystified by a graveyard on a military base abandoned by the old Iraqi regime .
There are hundreds of unmarked graves , apparently dating back to the 1991 Gulf War , or before , but it 's not clear whether the people buried there are victims of regime atrocities , or whether it 's simply a military graveyard .
7:05 a.m. , U.S. Central Command says another top Baath Party official has been captured .
He was handed over to coalition special forces by Iraqi Kurds last night .
8:10 a.m. , Abu Dhabi TV broadcasts videotape which it says shows Saddam Hussein in a Baghdad neighborhood last Wednesday , April 9th , the day the city fell to coalition troops .
The network has not said where it got the tape .
There 's no way to confirm when it was shot or whether the man in the video is really Saddam Hussein .
Walt Rodgers , 3rd Cavalry says Iraqi missile hit operation center for 2nd Brigade 3rd Infantry Zrigs South Baghdad , at least four dead , two soldiers and two journalists .
Others report at least 15 are wounded , some of them critically .
Hope to get Walt up in a couple minutes to get more information on what is happening there .
It 's with Wednesday , March 5 2003 .
I 'm Wolf Blitzer in Washington .
Is the U.S. going to war ?
If you listen to the from 's men it sounds like the battle is about to begin , maybe only days from now .
America 's top diplomat laid out the case for war .
Secretary of State Colin Powell acted like a prosecutor , pointing out Iraq 's failures .
Over at the Pentagon , the military leaders say that troops are ready to fight right now even as they await word of the President 's order , but there is major opposition today , France , Germany and Russia plan a showdown at Theupups in a bid to stop the U.S. 's war machine and their voices of dissent echoed by protestors from Australia to Egypt to university students right here in the United States .
Even the Vatican voiced concerns today .
Later this hour I 'll speak exclusively to Cardinal Pio Laghi , the man dispatched by Pope John Paul II to persuade President Bush to avoid war , but we begin with reports from the United Nations , the Pentagon and the White House .
First to Chris Burns with news on the President and the Secretary of State who switched from diplomacy to talk of war .
Chris ?
In northern Iraq , U.S. Marines and residents exchanged gunfire in the city of Mosul today , in the second day of civil disturbances there .
A senior Kurdish intelligence official says citizens were protesting the American occupation of the city 's main government building .
Seven Iraqis were killed by U.S. Marines , who say they were responding to sniper fire .
Hospital officials say 17 people have been killed and 18 wounded over the past 2 days .
Central Command says troops were involved in a gun battle yesterday .
Israel has experienced its fifth suicide bombing in three days .
Police say a bomber blew herself up outside a northern Israel shopping center when she was stopped by a security guard .
Three people plus the bomber were killed , and at least 30 others were hurt .
The French Press Agency says the militant group `` Islamic Jihad '' is claiming responsibility .
For killing his wife and three children the oldest of whom was three , Christian Longo had been sentenced to die .
Prosecutors say Longo killed his family because they stood before him and the life he craved .
The jury deliberated for three hours before returning a death sentence .
Now CNN 's coverage of the new Iraq continues .
The Bush administration is officially endorsing the pro-democracy demonstrations in Iran .
For a week now , protesters have been clashing with police and backers of the clerical regime in Tehran .
In turn , the Iranian government has accused the Bush administration of providing material support to the protesters .
The State Department spokesman says the demonstrations are about Iran and Iranians , and have nothing to do with the U.S. , but he did make it clear where U.S. sympathies lie .
We try to bring you the work of still photographers who are applying their trade in Iraq these days .
Tonight Patrick Baas from AFP looking at what he 's done this week .
It is clear he has two of the things you need to be a photojournalist .
A great eye and nose for where the news is .
I 'm Lebanese - born .
I grew up in war zones .
It 's like my life .
I was the only one during this conflict who had pictures of Republican Guards and it 's true luck because I was driving northwest of Baghdad and I bumped into these guys going around the capital .
We recognized them because of their uniform .
Very close to the U.S. Marines uniform .
I did n't see fear in their eyes .
I did n't feel any .
I did n't realize what the fire power was .
It was an American tank that had technical problems .
Had to stop an attack south of Baghdad .
They really believed on the tank .
I was taking pictures .
The reporter was with me .
Wanted to go in .
I said , No .
While --
And it 's a day in court for 16 of the suburban Chicago high school girls involved in a violent hazing incident last month .
They 're facing misdemeanor charges .
Mothers of two of the students at Glenbrook North High School have also been named on misdemeanor charges of supplying beer to the teenagers .
Central Command says it is investigating Iraqi allegations that U.S. attacks are to blame for hundreds of civilians casualties in Hillah .
That 's about 60 miles south of Baghdad .
A member of the International Committee of Red Cross visited the local hospital there , and he says it 's a horrible scene .
Tens of thousands of additional U.S. troops are getting ready to join coalition forces fighting the war in Iraq .
The first departures are already underway at Fort Hood Texas .
CNN 's Jamie Kolbe is there reporting , Jamie on these families who are saying good-bye to their loved ones .
Reporter :
And this is a military town , Judy and little by little we are seeing these soldiers head out .
In a strange way and this may sound unusual , there 's a little sense of relief because these soldiers were set to leave in January and now they got second deployment orders , the delay , of course , the inability to get access to Turkey , but along the way , the 4th Infantry Division is one steeped in tradition and there 's a real sense of pride among the soldiers , 250 of which left yesterday .
Over the course of the week 12,000 will be leaving from here , another 4,000 from Fort Carson in Colorado and it dates back to World War I .
Their equipment that left on January is now on a ship on its way south through the Suez Canal and it 's interesting to note some of the equipment that 's been held up for the last couple of months , there are some 5 helicopters , 200 tanks as well as 150 Bradley infantry fighting vehicles .
These are highly trained soldiers .
They are ready to go .
They are happy to be finally able to come and back up the first wave of troops that left from here .
Their mission is very broad , Judy to deploy anywhere in the world in support of national strategy .
They do 'nt know what they 'll be doing .
They will learn that once they get there .
Their first stop will be to Central Command .
They 'll receive more specific orders .
They will be joined by the First Cavalry .
They have received deployment orders .
They have not yet been told to make final arrangements .
They all tell me , the soldiers you talk to and also some of the information people here at Fort Hood , they train like they fight .
They are ready , they are determined and they are very patriotic in support of our country .
They are going over there to do a mission they believe in and as we said , 250 left yesterday .
They were armed with their Ms , they are concerned .
Their families were here to see them off , but they are determined to return though it is interesting to note that many of them , so many with young children have told their kids that Mom or Dad could be away for as long as a year .
Judy ?
I do n't think we can say it often enough , Jamie .
It 's got --
Iraqi museum workers are starting to assess the damage to Iraq 's history .
Up to 20 loot .
The artifacts have been returned after religious clerics called for the action .
Now officials in the worldwide museum community have pledged their help in restoring Iraq 's past .
Liz George explains .
Iraq 's history , Iraq 's culture , it 's all demolished .
Reporter :
A cry from the heart from one of Iraq 's archaeologists .
A cry echoing around the world .
It 's a catastrophe .
It 's a catastrophe for the people of Iraq , it 's a catastrophe for the whole world , because the civilization of ancient Iraq was the first urban civilization in the world .
Reporter :
As the extent of the looting and destruction came to light , experts in the U.K. were making plans to help .
The British Museum is home to the largest Mesopotamia collection outside Iraq , including some of the earliest forms of writing .
It 's the duty of international community to restore as much as possible to the museum and then , I think , the international community must organize itself to help the Iraqi colleagues restore what is left .
The British Museum is putting six conservators and three curators into this as soon as it 's possible .
They 'll go to work with the Iraqi colleagues as --
The founder and former CEO of ImClone just learned the penalty for his role in the pharmaceutical company 's insider trading scandal .
Sam Waksal was sentenced to seven years and three months in federal prison .
He 's also being fined $ 3 million and was ordered to pay $ 1.2 million in restitution to the New York State Tax Commission .
Waksal pleaded guilty last fall to six counts of security fraud , bank fraud , conspiracy to obstruct justice and perjury .
He 's being released on his own cognizance before he 's to report to jail .
Waksal admitted to tipping his daughter to dump ImClone stock market just ahead of a drug rejection the company was developing and he pleaded guilty to bank fraud by forging a signature on a $ 44 million loan .
The ImClone scandal led to charges against Waksal 's friend , Martha Stewart , last week over her sale of the stock the day before the price collapsed .
We begin south of Baghdad , where U.S. troops have found what may be chemical weapons materials .
Elements of the Army 's 101st Airborne Division discovered the chemicals buried in barrels beneath an agricultural complex near Karbala .
Troops also found a large amount of conventional weapons at the site .
Initial tests on the chemicals were inconclusive .
A higher level test indicated the presence of nerve and blister agents , but those tests are not always accurate .
The commander of the 101st says the chemicals may be pesticides or chemical agents that have n't been weaponized .
Bombardment of Baghdad continues tonight and over the past 20 minutes , explosions rocking Baghdad , central Baghdad southern Baghdad , the outskirts of Baghdad , and importantly , as the coalition forces , principally U.S. Army forces , move against Saddam Hussein International Airport -- which is about ten miles outside the center of Baghdad -- those explosions are intensified .
If we may again go to the wide screen of what appears to me to be Abu Dhabi television that is providing this picture , 3:20 a.m. in Baghdad , live pictures again .
it is very difficult to discern whether or not that is , in point of fact , the missiles that we have become accustomed to striking Baghdad and its environs , or whether it is the large 2,000 pound JDAM bombs that have been striking targets selected by the coalition in Baghdad , or whether these flashes now represent artillery barrages as fighting continues to take control of Saddam International Airport .
Again , correspondents , our correspondents embedded with these forces , with them in the field , saying in some cases they can see the lights of the skyline of Baghdad .
Over the course of the past two weeks , since this war began , something like 23,000 coalition sorties have been flown , and over the course of the past 24 hours , 1,900 sorties flown , and we are told that , of those , 850 were strike sorties , motor vehicle most of those directed against the Republican Guard .
As you know , the Republican Guard just outside Baghdad to defend the city and Saddam Hussein 's regime , in principal .
Two of those divisions absolutely devastated , destroyed , the so - called Medina division , and the Baghdad division .
The Baghdad division , of course , getting its name from the fact that it is the Republican Guard division designated to defend principally Baghdad .
Four other divisions we are told have also been hit very , very very hard and are principally trying to reinforce units .
VA also been hit very hard .
So we are seeing a lot of what some of the military officials are calling a method that does not seem to be directed by one person from the center of Baghdad , and that raises questions , questions that have been in front of us since that first strike on March 19th against the location that the CIA military intelligence thought was a place where Saddam Hussein , perhaps his sons , were .
That preemptive strike they put , I think somewhat elegantly , trying to strike at the head of the snake .
New explosions rocking parts of Baghdad tonight .
We will continue to monitor that .
We , of course , will bring the word to you just as soon as the Army and coalition forces do take control of Saddam Hussein International Airport , just on the outskirts of Baghdad .
In southern Iraq today , British forces also moving closer to the center of the second largest city in Iraq , Basra .
They captured an Iraqi base in an unused factory in the southern suburbs of that city .
Tim Hewart of ITN reports .
In were also big celebrations at Ft. Hood , Texas , home base to two other POWs , David Williams and Ronald Young .
Those pilots were captured on March 24th , after their Apache helicopter went down in Iraqi territory .
Today , their families are learning new and actually harrowing details about the days after their capture .
CNN national correspondent Susan Candiotti is with the Young family in Georgia .
Jamie Cole by at Ft. Hood , Texas , where she spoke to Williams ' wife Michelle .
Susan , why do n't we start with you ?
Reporter :
Hello , Judy .
During a brief phone call with their son from Kuwait on surngd the Army asked the Young family not to get into any specific details about what happened during their son 's capture and release .
However , the family did get in a company of questions about how he was treated .
They learned he lost 20 pounds and also their son told them that in the last few days of his capture , things were n't so bad but that they were very rough in the beginning .
Now they are learning more details that their son in fact was kicked and beaten after his capture , and that his fellow pilot David Williams had a knife held to his throat immediately after an tur , according to an interview their son was allowed to conduct with `` The Washington Post '' , who flew with him into Kuwait .
Their son is said to be in very good spirits now and back here in Georgia , after three weeks of not knowing exactly what had happened to him , finally , for the very first time in three weeks , the Young family members got some sleep last night for the first time in a long time .
Well , at least some family members did .
She slept pretty good .
I 'm not kidding .
All right .
I came home .
She was in bed .
I laid on the couch for a couple of hours , walked around .
I thought , I 'm going to sleep tonight , I really am .
I got in there , laid down .
She must have took a pill or something .
Sounded like a saw mill going on next to me .
Back on the couch again .
Hey , I was tired , and besides , it was relief , you know ?
I could finally sleep and know everything was okay .
Reporter :
Of course , pictures and videotape and a phone call is one thing , but seeing their son in person is quite another , and they are , of course , hoping that will happen very soon .
Young 's mother says , when she sees her son , she plans on hugging him for a good solid half hour .
Back to you , Judy .
At least , we would think , if that 's the case .
Thanks very much .
Let 's turn to Jamie at Ft. Hood , Texas , where she 's been talking with the family of Chief Warrant Officer David Williams .
For them , Jamie , given what we just heard about the knife at his throat , they must be incredibly relieved .
Reporter :
You know , Judy , they have been learning more and more as the day goes on .
The focus is clearly not on their treatment or their capture but their freedom .
I was on the phone with Michelle Williams yesterday , when she saw those first pictures on CNN of her husband , and she shrieked with delight .
For three weeks she 's watched and waited for some news .
The only other pictures was his abandoned helicopter .
She knew instantly when she saw it , because of the 1st Cavalry emblem and special markings it was his .
It 's been a long three weeks .
Today is date she was waiting for .
I had a chance to spend some time with her yesterday .
This morning on `` American Morning '' she told us about what her reaction was when she saw those first pictures of her husband free .
I was so happy .
I knew I never lost hope that he was alive and just seeing him and being able to see his eyes and his reaction to his rescue just took a huge load off my shoulders .
Reporter :
Incredible support from military spouses , but this is a true love story .
The two met , Michelle and David in flight school .
They have been at Ft. Hood for a short time .
Both are pilots .
Michelle is --
His plight has been publicized worldwide , and tonight a 12 - year - old Iraqi boy who lost his arms during a missile attack is being treated at a hospital in Kuwait .
Here 's Andrea with more on his story .
Reporter :
This is what 12 - year - old Ali has been asking for , what his doctors have been praying for , and what the outside world has been demanding .
Finally , U.S. Marines arrived at the hospital where Ali has survived since his horrific injuries 18 days ago .
They 're here to take him to Kuwait and to a specialist burns unit .
When Ali awoke this morning , he could scarcely believe that today would really be the day when he would be taken abroad for the treatment he so desperately needs .
He was hopeful , and his eyes were bright .
He talked to me about football , and his favorite players .
Friends and relatives arrived today .
For some , this was the first time they had been able to see him since the explosion that killed his mother , father , brothers and cousins .
They were horrified by his injuries and pleaded for him to get specialist treatment outside Iraq .
His doctor , too , is grateful that Ali is getting this chance .
I welcomed any real help to take him to a special unit abroad , and where he can take good care .
I am the only hospital working now in Baghdad .
Reporter :
And the hospital is becoming increasingly tense .
Armed men now roam the wards .
Fighters , too , are being treated here .
It 's woefully overcrowded and chaotic .
In these conditions , it 's a miracle Ali has survived here at all .
The part of each day Ali dreads is when his amputation wounds and burns must be washed and dressed .
In these primitive conditions , without drugs , the pain is excruciating for Ali , and far too traumatic to film .
Putting a little boy through such agony reduces his doctor to tears .
Mercifully today this will be the last time it will happen to Ali .
Tonight this little boy who has lost so much and been so brave is finally going to --
General Brooks talking about three major points .
One is the capture of number 24 as it 's described , Samir who is responsible for the Baghdad district .
Indications are the Kurds in the north handed this man over so this is number 4 out of that playing card deck of 55 that the U.S. is after , top leaders in Iraq .
Also that bomb site in Baghdad hit about a week and a half ago , the Mansour district .
No remains identified just yet , General Brooks says , but only the initial surveys have been completed so far .
There is strong speculation that his two sons were inside of that building when it was hit by coalition bombs , or may have left prior to the bombing taking place .
Again , all this is an outstanding issue right now .
In the north , you 're going to hear a lot about the shallow graves today .
At least 1500 , maybe 1600 graves located in the north .
Jane Arraf has made her way to that location and we heard her first live report about an hour ago and we will talk with Jane again .
We know that , quote , work will be done with the Iraqis and that work will come , we are told , in the coming days .
A wrap from CentCom and here is Fredricka Whitfield at the CNN Center .
Journalists held a candle light vigil in Baghdad mourning the deaths of their colleagues .
Military fire killed three journalists in Baghdad today , one an Al Jazeera cameraman and Spanish television .
Al Jazeera says the U.S. deliberately targeted its facilities in Baghdad .
The Central Command denies that .
They say they were being used by the Iraqi military .
Here 's how the network covered the incidents in this translated report .
Translator :
Many inquiries about the developments of shelling the media positions , why in whose interest is in targeting .
The interest is targeting the Al Jazeera office and the tanks went on shelling the office , which resulted in the martyrdom of colleague from Al Jazeera and others .
The next hit , in fact , targeted the Abu Dhabi office which is also very close to Al Jazeera surned by the U.S. forces .
The third hit was targeted to the Palestine Hotel where many journalists are working and a hit of a photographer .
A specialist .
People think the events are not put the media man in face of the weapons .
Looking for a shelter is not easy .
The U.S. and cooperation do not appreciate the city and others .
Everyone , in fact , is facing this threat .
That report from Al Jazeera through a translator , how they 're reporting this story and the two journalists who were killed today in that tank shell were killed at the Palestine Hotel .
That 's been a base for international journalists in Baghdad .
Both of the dead were camera men one with reporters and one with Spain .
Three journalists were wounded in that same incident .
A Central Command says American forces were responding to what they described as , quote , significant fire coming at them from inside the hotel .
Joining me here in Kuwait City a journalist who knows first hand the dangers of covering war , our chief international correspondent , Christian A Manpower .
That 's your take on what may have happened in these I understand did n't .
The death of this Al Jazeera reporter and these two camera men .
Two separate locations .
Separate but close .
I think it 's bearing an investigation .
First what happened and why they were hit .
Secondly the Pentagon has been essentially all over the place .
The military spokesmen have been all over the map in --
A father in New York is accused of dropping his baby out of a seven - story apartment window .
Here 's Jordena Ginsberg with more from Affiliate News Westchester .
Reporter :
Please measure the spot where she landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window .
The baby fell 80 feet .
These tree branches cushioned her fall and saved her life .
The baby 's aunt did n't want her face shown on TV , but told us she was stunned .
I 'm glad she 's alive .
It 's a miracle .
Reporter :
Now , Willie Williams , the little girl 's father is charged with attempted murder .
Police say it all started at around 11:30 Saturday night when Williams got into a fight with the baby 's mother Jasmine Gil Yo .
He wanted to date her again and she was n't interested .
Cops say he allegedly kidnapped her and threatened her but eventually brought her back to her home .
That 's when police say he grabbed their daughter .
The father of the child allegedly picked the baby up , dangedled it out the window , pulled the child back in .
Then the baby 's mother made a frantic call to the police .
While she was on the phone , he picked up the child again and this time threw her out the window .
Then police say the baby 's mother pulled out a kitchen knife .
You can hear Williams say , Go ahead , kill me .
At that point the baby 's mother stabbed him right in the hand .
Still bleeding , he ran downstairs and scooped up the baby , and took the baby to the hospital .
Police were on his trail and found Williams and the baby at the --
Call him the Man With The Golden Guns .
Saddam Hussein 's son Uday was apparently the owner of 74 golden guns .
The AKs in the stash were gold - plated .
There also were silver and nickel - plated weapons .
One that was a gift from Saddam had an engraving from the former Iraqi leader .
I 'm Alisha Davis .
Used to be the King of Pop .
Now you could call him the king of lawsuits .
Michael Jackson filed suit against Universal Music , the parent company of Motown Records saying they owe him for music he recorded with the Jackson Five back in the 1970s .
The gloved one claims the label has been releasing new albums and Jackson Five merchandise without giving him `` a single dollar . ''
Jackson has been in and out of courtrooms lately .
In recent months , he 's been sued by an auction house for non-payment , and by a concert promoter for allegedly backing out of two millennium performances .
Today 's battles include pictures of the oil field fires in southern Iraq .
Firefighters continue their work at the Ramallah oil field .
Officials say they capped one blaze , leaving only two wells still burning out of 500 oil fields in the area .
They say some Iraqis who worked in the field before the war already are asking for their jobs back .
And these pictures show Iraqis running for cover just before U.S. planes dropped a bomb near northern Iraq .
Just as they disappear over the ridge , you can hear the planes and the explosions and then you see the cloud .
Ask any American Marine and they 'll tell you they 'll do anything possible to recover the bodies of fallen comrades .
That grim task was carried out by Marines engaged in the fierce battle for the city of Nasiriyah Nasiriyah .
Aless So Vinci is there with the Marines .
We begin tonight with a big story out of Iraq .
CNN has learned that the CIA has obtained critical pieces of nuclear technology in Iraq .
The parts are essential to developing a nuclear bomb program .
They were hidden under a rosebush in the back yard of an Iraqi scientist in Baghdad .
That Iraqi scientist hid the components 12 years ago .
He said Saddam Hussein 's son , Qusay , and his then son - in - law ordered him to do it .
He tells CNN he was told to keep the parts hidden so they would be ready when the time came to rebuild Iraq 's program .
The parts are from a gas centrifuge and can be used for enriching uranium in bomb quality material .
Looks like there may be some evidence that Osama Bin Laden is alive and still plotting .
CNN learned the al Qaeda leader sent personal letters to key operatives in February , ordering them to attack the United States and its allies .
Intelligence sources say the correspondence came from the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan , where Osama bin Laden is believed to be hiding .
Couriers delivered the letters to locations including Africa , Asia and the Middle East .
A month later , U.S. and Pakistani force has a lead on Osama Bin Laden , but by the time they moved in , he had vanished again .
Welcome back in case you 're just tuning in .
Our top story this hour , the discovery of suspect chemical weapons materials at an agricultural complex in central Iraq .
Troops from the U.S. Army 's 101st Airborne Division went to the site on Friday , finding a number of large drums buried in bunkers .
Initial tests were inconclusive .
The General Benjamin Frankly of the 101st says today a more sophisticated test indicated the presence of nerve and blister agents .
He says that type of test that is required sometimes shows false - positives and further testing will be done to determine whether the materials are indeed nonweaponized chemical agents or perhaps simply pesticides .
General Frankly says it is hard to believe U.N. inspectors would have found the facility hidden as deeply as it was near the Euphrates River .
We 'll hear much more on this developing story coming up in a few minutes .
For the latest , though , on the air war , CNN 's Gary Tuchman is joining us now live from an air base not far from Iraq .
What 's happening there tonight , Gary ?
Reporter :
Well , Wolf , the Air Force is continuing its 24 - hour air coverage over Baghdad .
There will always be multiple warplanes , fighter --
No one seems to be sure what 's happened to Saddam Hussein and his two sons , but one thing is becoming more clear -- Uday and Qusay were just as bad as their father if not worse .
`` Time '' Magazine 's Michael Weisskopf has uncovered some stunning details about the lives of these two .
He joins us now from Washington .
Thanks for taking the time to join us .
Michael , as I read the article , we knew that these were not good guys , putting it mildly , but as you saw and heard the revelations , what were your reactions ?
They 're stomach turning , to put it bluntly .
The extent of the depravity was truly stunning , you 're right and they took different paths , these two guys .
The younger of the two brothers , Qusay was a very professional killer who pulled the trigger with political aim in mind .
We have eyewitnesses to his orders of execution of hundreds of people in 1991 during the Shiite Muslim uprising .
His brother , Uday , was very highly personal , arbitrary , spontaneous in his attacks , extended to young girls , to friends , to employees .
It was just extraordinary .
With Uday , I mean , the stories , you open the article , what you cowrote this article The Sum of Two Evils , The Reign of Terror with Saddam 's sons abducting a 14 - year - old , raping her , crashing wedding parties to rape the brides .
Was that about as bad as it got with these guys ?
I guess it ca n't get much worse .
I thought that the depth may be how he treated his friends , and there are a couple of stories we heard about how he forced friends to drink large quantities of grain alcohol until they vomited .
Also one friend he was afraid was going to leave the country and spill the beans on him , he had him arrested by his Fedayeen Saddam .
He had him held down , tongue pulled out by pliers and sliced off with a scapel .
Awful .
People still fear them and Saddam Hussein himself .
How did you get people to talk ?
Were they forthcoming or pretty reticent about talking about these guys ?
It was a hard report .
It was hard to find people , and then hard to get them to talk .
Over time , we gained trust .
We promised to hold on to people 's anonimity if we could .
After a little while , after we primed the pump , the people wanted to .
Seven former POWs are getting one step closer to home .
They 'll be arriving at Ramstein Air Base in Germany a few hours from now .
Once doctors there say they are good to go , the seven will head stateside .
Doctors in Kuwait have already said the six men and one woman are in good shape , so they may not have to stay in Germany very long .
The former POWs were rescued Sunday about 75 miles north of Baghdad .
They 've been sticking close together ever since .
Medical officers say they became a team while in captivity and want to stay together as a team until it 's time to go to their separate homes .
How could so many people end up in prison for crimes they did n't commit ?
The story behind the defendants of Tulia , Texas , is our `` Headlines Timeline . ''
July 23rd , 1999 -- there was a massive drug bust in a predominately African - American neighborhood in Tulia .
Of the 46 people arrested , 39 are African - American .
The case against them was based on the testimony of undercover officer Thomas Coleman .
Coleman claimed he bought drugs from the defendants , but offered little or no supporting evidence .
After the first of several trials ended with convictions and harsh sentences , most of the other defendants pleaded guilty to avoid hard time .
March 17 , 2003 -- with Coleman 's credibility under serious attack , new hearings for the Tulia defendants get under way .
The hearings are stopped when the judge , defense attorneys and prosecutors agree that Coleman lied under oath and is a racist .
Coleman denies doing anything wrong .
It took a special act of the Texas Legislature to clear the way for Monday 's release , but these men and the others caught up in the Tulia tragedy are still convicted criminals .
Now it 's up to the appeals court and the Board of Pardon and Paroles to officially clear their names .
An airport in Key West , Florida , today became the setting of what appeared to be a desperate attempt to enter the U.S. by a Cuban national .
The man was arrested there after authorities say he hijacked a Cuban plane using what was reported to be grenades , ordering the pilots to fly to Florida .
The hijacker got off the plane wearing a jacket that said America across the back , and a small child clinging to his leg .
On we go in the meantime .
Again , today , there were disturbing hints , and we underscore hints here , that coalition forces may soon face an attack using chemical weapons .
Yesterday the story centered on intelligence regarding enemy intentions .
Today the evidence is somewhat more tangible .
Reporting for us , CNN 's David Ensor .
Reporter :
The evidence is accumulating that Iraq may be planning to use chemical weapons .
Gas masks turning up in abandoned trenches .
In Nasiriyah in a building marked as a hospital U.S. Marines found weapons , atropine antidote kits , and that was not all .
They found over 3,000 chemical suits and gas masks as well as a number of Iraqi military uniforms .
Reporter :
The findings are heightening concerns among coalition forces approaching Baghdad since , as the Iraqis should know , U.S. and British forces do not use chemical weapons .
U.S. officials say some intelligence indicates a red line may have been drawn around the capital with Republican Guard units ordered to use chemical weapons once U.S. and allied troops cross it .
There is also intelligence , officials say , suggesting Republican Guard units have been issued artillery shells containing chemical agents .
There has been intelligence scraps , who knows how accurate they are , chatter in the system , that suggests that the closer that coalition forces get to Baghdad and Tikrit the greater the likelihood and that some command and control arrangements have been put in place .
Reporter :
In Baghdad Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz repeated his government 's stand -- it does not have any kind of weapons of mass destruction .
Translator :
When they started to talk about the weapons of mass destruction , we know and we always knew that that was fabrication and lies .
Reporter :
Experts say Saddam Hussein 's forces will likely try to hold out in Baghdad for as long as possible without using the weapons his government insists it does not have , hoping to build international pressure on the U.S. and Britain to back down .
In that sense any use of chemical weapons would be counterproductive to Saddam , because it would only galvanize international --
Now that Saddam Hussein 's regime has fallen is democracy the answer to Iraq and its people .
In his book , Fareed Zakar Ericks A joins us now to talk about democracy and Iraq 's future .
Good to see you .
Thank you , Paula .
Good to see you on a different network for a change .
That 's what happens when you sell books .
I know .
Let 's talk about what Barbara Starr was reporting from the Pentagon .
She says there is an acknowledgment from those officials that there are not enough ground troops in place and particularly in Baghdad to control what our Nic Robertson is saying is a stage of anarchy in some parts of Iraq .
Do you think the administration underestimated the day after ?
because the day after came so fast and so suddenly in a way , I think that there 's been a pattern here not just with this administration , but over the last ten years , Bosnia , Kosovo , Afghanistan , where we do n't quite recognize when the old order collapses , you very quickly have to rush in and fill it with some kind of new order .
In the short term , that 's going to have to mean the American military , but the key question , which I try to address in the book , is What do you do after that ? What kind of authority do you create in a society going through this kind of transition .
And how do you know that the local Iraqi citizens will make up this government or are , in fact , interested in democracy ?
There 's no proof of that .
Well , the key here is the only way to get that kind of legitimate government to have it look good is to hold elections , but if you hold elections , you stop the whole process of building a rule of law , creating courts , creating administration .
We 've seen in the past in Bosnia for example , you held elections and all of the old ethnic thugs get into power because they have organization and they have money and they stop the process of genuine building of democracy .
There is this tension here which is the only way to make this look good is in some way get legitimate Iraqi authority , but the faster you get that , the more likely you stop this process .
So what do you think of this interim government ?
You got Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz saying that American and British military forces would play a leading role in setting up an Iraqi government and then later draw civilians into the process .
Is that going to work ?
I think it will work if it 's truly broad - based and truly consensual , try and include all different people and including them in creating a constitution which would take a few years .
What I point out is the places where you 've had quick transitions --
Welcome back .
25 minutes after the hour .
Time for the Cafferty file .
Good morning .
A crazy world we live in .
The Supreme Court of the United States upheld the toughest three strikes law in the country yesterday .
That 's California 's .
They rejected challenges to the law of sentences of 25 years to life without parole for a man convicted of stealing some golf clubs and 50 years for a man who stole some videotapes .
The idea is if you have three felony convictions , you 're out of here .
The voters overwhelmingly passed the law in 1994 to offset the liberal and lenient judges who let bad people off with nothing more than a slap of the wrist .
They appealed to the Supreme Court on behalf of these two people .
Currently in California , 7000 people serving 25 year to life sentences under the three strikes law .
, 300 of them are in there for things like petty theft .
25 other states that have the three strikes law .
And that brings us to the question .
It was a close vote .
5 in the Supreme Court .
Here is the question of the day .
You can e-mail us at am@cnn.com .
It 's designed to counter the kind of thing that I found in the New York newspaper this morning where a Brooklyn woman who scalded her 4 - year - old to death in a bathtub , walked out of court a free woman yesterday sentenced to five years probation .
It took the child three weeks to die in the hospital from the injuries it suffered at the hands of its mother and she 's free .
Five years probation for killing her 4 - year - old by scalding it to death in the bathtub .
That is the --
Major League Baseball sent its head of security to Chicago to review the second incident of an on - field fan attack in the last seven months .
The league is reviewing security at all ballparks to crack down on spectator violence .
The Kansas City Royals considered not playing tonight before the team was assured that security measures have been tightened .
5,400 sailors and Marines are back at home after serving in Iraq .
They 're the crew of the `` USS Harry S. Truman . ''
They have reunited with their families and friends , at the aircraft carrier 's home port in Norfolk , Virginia .
The `` Truman '' is the first East Coast - based carrier to return from the war .
By U.S. forces and which appears to be run by members of the war began in Iraq several weeks ago .
The operation as it continues in the north continues to be a situation of unrest .
The area around Mosul described as uncertain in terms of its stability with deliberate agitation .
Those are the words there that General Brooks used a short time ago .
The unrest continues there and this follows up the shooting we talked about yesterday in which at least seven Iraqis were killed by U.S. fire after they apparently came under fire trying to secure a certain part of the central part of Mosul .
Also , news about another half - brother of Saddam Hussein apparently now apprehended overnight in Baghdad with the assistance of local Iraqis .
Not sure where in Baghdad , personal the person western neighborhood of Mansour .
You might remember last week when another half - brother of Saddam Hussein was picked up trying to cross into Syria and that time , we have been told Syria has closed its border with Iraq to prevent any of that ongoing .
We 'll go through all of this throughout the morning here .
First , to the Pentagon and Barbara Starr to pick up what 's happening .
A Michigan teen who disappeared with a convicted killer and went on a three - week oddysey is in trouble with the law tonight .
Prosecutors charged Lindsey Ryan with stealing firearms from her parents ' home .
Police caught up with the two in California .
56 - year - old Forry Drake has been charged with interstate transport of a minor .
Good evening .
Welcome , everyone .
Mike Galanos is off tonight .
Our top story -- Eric Robert Rudolph has officially said he did n't do it .
He pleaded not guilty to bombing a Birmingham women 's clinic in 1998 .
The suspected serial bomber appeared in a federal courthouse Tuesday afternoon .
He is also suspected in three Atlanta - area bombings .
North Carolina authorities say Rudolph opened up to them about his five years on the run .
He says he hunted wild animals , searched the trash for food , and covered himself with leaves to make it through the winters .
A pizza delivery helped police nab the suspect in the kidnapping of a 9 - year - old California girl .
24 - year - old Enrique Alvarez , also known as David Cruz , was arrested Monday in San Jose .
He is expected to be arraigned Wednesday .
He 's charged with kidnapping , felony assault and sexual assault .
The girl was found late Sunday at a convenience store in East Palo Alto .
Police say she told them a pepperoni pizza had been delivered to the house where she was held .
Detectives were able to track the order to the House , where they found Alvarez hiding in the attic .
The Associated Press is reporting that U.S. troops have launched an attack on Saddam International Airport , about nine miles from the Iraqi capital .
Pentagon officials briefed reporters who refused to comment about any activity at the airport .
Officials say they 'll make comments after certain operations are conducted , but not before .
For some Americans who find themselves spending hours on end watching television coverage of the war , it can be hard to break away .
That is especially true if you have a loved one in the war zone , but as our Candy Crowley reminds us , life does and must go on .
Reporter :
Spring - time and a game of catch on the Washington Mall .
A gentle breeze and a good meal beside the Pacific Ocean .
That other place , the one on TV all the time , might as well be on another planet , and that may be the point .
We happen to be at a very nice spot by the beach where this is a chance for people to get away from CNN coverage , everything , and kind of relax .
Reporter :
Time to redefine normal again , which on the homefront now seems to mean life as you live it only weirder .
I 'm amazed at how unaffected I am by things , how I 'm still coming to work and doing the same things and going for a walk in the morning , and it just seems so strange to me that it 's almost a parallel universe .
More than 70 percent of Americans say they are sad about the war .
The barber at Hinsville Georgia larries that .
They seem more depressed .
A lot of them afraid they 're going to lose their jobs , you know , the economy is down and all kind of stuff .
Life on the homefront seems the same at Farmer 's Market in Los Angeles , but it 's more angst ridden .
I do n't think it 's affecting our business as much as I was worried that it would , but you never know it 's going to happen .
If there 's any kind of terrorism that happens here , I think that would definitely put a damper on everything .
Nationwide , people shopped less in the first week of the war .
Sales fell 2 percent from the previous week .
Air travel has fallen 10 mers since the war began and some hotel chains say cancellations are up .
60 percent of the people say they 're watching the war .
My boyfriend has been watching the TV like every single day , every time it comes on , he 's watching it .
Maybe fewer people are shopping because they 're watching TV .
Maybe fewer are flying because they worry about terrorism or they worry about what the war will do to the economy or maybe it 's everything .
There 's no one economic statistics to point to a downturn , it 's an overall feeling , a psychological feeling that everything is frozen , everything is on hold .
Consumers are n't spending , people are n't buying stock , everything is --
Meanwhile , as war is fought a world away , federal , state and local authorities face their own battle keeping Americans safe at home .
President Bush said yesterday the threat of domestic terrorism remains high .
The dying regime in Iraq may try to bring terror to our shores .
Other parts of the global terror network may view this as a moment to strike , thinking that we 're distracted .
They 're wrong .
What still needs to be done to keep Americans safe at home .
Steven Berle tackles that issue in `` After How America Confronted the September 12th Era . ''
Congratulations .
Thank you .
What comes out yesterday , on two best - sellers list .
So far , so good .
You 've spent over a year investigating the subject .
You had unprecedented access not only to Secretary Ridge but the Attorney General and other players in this post-September 11th environment .
How vulnerable do we continue to be ?
Well , quite vulnerable in some places and yet we 've made great strides .
The access I had was not only at top but the people who were on the front lines , and this is really the behind - the - scenes story of everything they had been doing to make this country safer .
I think we decided on the morning of September 12th we 're not going to be victim , we 're not just going to sit there , we 're going to try to do something , we 're not just going to say we 're lucky we did n't get attacked today .
In the ports , at the airports , even with our food supply , we have taken all kinds of steps , but we are vulnerable .
We 're vulnerable right out on the streets here .
We 're vulnerable in mass transit systems because we ca n't involve this problem infinitely .
We 've made good strides in the last .
We 're .
That 's the story I try to tell about the men and women who have brought us to this point .
Can the --
An air force pilot is back at his base after a close call .
Military officials say a missile hit his Warthog and he was forced to eject .
CNN 's Gary Tuchman is live near the Iraqi border with details on the mission and the pilot 's rescue .
Gary ?
Reporter :
Wolf , hello to you .
It was a very tense and nerve - racking day for the pilot who is stationed at this base near the Iraqi border .
He flies one of the As behind me , the Warthog attack planes .
Took it out early this morning .
Here 's what happened to him .
He was going on a mission south of Baghdad .
When he was close to his target area , all of a sudden he heard a noise .
Turns out it was an Iraqi missile , very likely a shoulder fired missile that hit his aircraft .
He realized the plane was going to crash so he ejected .
All these planes have ejection seats .
The pilots carry parachutes .
Ejected landed in the desert south of Baghdad and then he was rescued by U.S. Army ground troops who were in the area .
The pilot , whose name has not been released , was brought back to this base .
He is in good condition with the 172nd Fire Squadron which is based in Battle Creek , Michigan , but he 's a very lucky man .
He 's with two other As flying along with him .
They , two , were hit .
One came back to the base .
The other we have a picture of .
It landed at a base controlled by the coalition .
That particular A was hit in the right engine .
The pilot also was able to make a safe landing and neither of those pilots were hurt .
Those are three planes hit today .
Another A Warthog was hit here today .
That pilot was hit by at least one missile and some artillery .
We have video of that plane .
That plane has a roll in one of the engines .
Stabilizer in the back of the plane .
The pilot lost all flight control as she was flying back .
Thinking about ejecting .
Decided she could make it back safely .
She came back to this base near the border of Iraq and it 's being described as an heroic landing after she was struck by artillery missiles .
Course , we just heard from Jamie McIntyre about the F E Strike Eagle .
Authorities --
Good evening .
Coalition forces in Baghdad have arrested the Palestinian terrorist who led the hijacking of the Italian cruise ship the Achille Lauro in 1985 .
During that hijacking the terrorists shot and killed a disabled American , Leon Klinghoffer , as he sat in his wheelchair .
They threw his body overboard .
National security correspondent David Ensor joins us live from Washington .
David ?
The struggle for power in a post-Saddam Iraq has begun .
A key faction bidding for control announced it will protest the presence of a prominent Iraqi exile leader .
The head of the Iraqi Democratic Movement says his group will hold a demonstration in Nasiriyah to denounce the presence of Ahmad Chalabi .
Chalabi is the founder and leader of the Iraqi National Congress .
He was escorted into Iraq Tuesday by U.S. Marines .
Chalabi staged his own rally yesterday to support his bid to become the next leader of Iraq .
There was a time when offspring of London 's rich and famous were rolled through Hyde Park by black - clad nannies pushing Silver Cross prams .
The high - end baby carriage company went bust last year , but a toymaker and one man 's dream have put the Silver Cross pram back on the stroller circuit .
Here 's Jim Boulden .
Reporter :
A well - heeled baby like Princess , seen .
The distinctive carriages strolled through London 's fashionable Parks Way nanny at the ready , that is , until Silver Cross went out of business last year .
All is not lost for the rich and famous baby .
A toy company bought the Silver Cross name so they could make toy versions .
Then one former worker persuaded the company to let him make the real ones again .
I went away for two weeks , reflected on my future and feel I could n't convince myself until it was over .
I felt there was something else too much history behind Silver Cross to end it now .
Reporter :
He bought the machinery , moved to a new factory , rehired some of the old workers and started Heritage Prams .
It 's been nearly a year since the last pram was manufactured at the old factory .
This one is Bellmore O 1 , the first to come off the new line and destined for Harrod 's .
It was hand - delivered to Harrod 's by the new chief executive Nick Paxton who would n't trust its future to anyone else .
The store is now --
Iraqi forces are overwhelmed and could soon collapse .
Jessica Lynch says she can not wait to get home to West Virginia .
The 19 - year - old Army private spoke to her parents yesterday by phone from a hospital in Germany .
Greg Lynch says that when he talked to his daughter she had n't eaten in eight days and was quite hungry .
The Washington Post is reporting she shot several Iraqi soldiers before she was captured and she was shot herself , too .
Coming up on our next hour , U.S. forces edged toward the outskirts of Baghdad and we 'll tell you what kind of resistance they 're facing from Saddam Hussein 's elite Republican Guard .
Back to something Kelly Wallace said .
She was talking about the somewhat blase attitude of Israelis .
We were looking at the front page of The Jerusalem Post the other day .
The big banner headline that day big and bold , was President Bush issues ultimatum .
On the side column , as an afterthought , citizens told to carry gas masks wherever they go .
It gives you a sense of , perhaps what 50 years of tension and war will do to your mentality , but it does also say that the Israelis are a bit more blase , if that 's a fair word for it , than perhaps we are .
President Bush , when he talked earlier to reporters , mentioned that , this war is an effort to make the homeland , our homeland , more secure .
John King , that whole issue of Homeland Security must be so much on the minds of so many government officials , given the level of the terror alert today .
Reporter :
So far , so good is the assessment we 're getting from senior administration officials as they try to track what they worry about most .
As we have the strikes overseas throughout Iraq , there will be retaliatory terror strikes , either by organized terrorist networks or sympathetic terrorists or people against the United States in this country .
So far , so good .
No plans , we 're told , to raise the threat level , though it 's already at orange , which is high .
So Microsoft of the President 's business has been behind the scenes today .
He 's the most senior of about a handful of senior administration officials , including the Vice President and the Secretary of State .
The National Security Advisor fanning out , we 're told in phone calls to more than three dozen world leaders offering them an update on what is going on .
But we did hear from the President a bit earlier today .
We see Baghdad , a capitol under siege .
Mr. Bush in the Cabinet Room at the White House to portray a different image , trying to show in Washington , it 's business as usual , urgent business as , but still business as usual with Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld on one side , Secretary of State Powell on the other .
The President offered a brief statement in the Cabinet Room .
Call my cabinet together to review our strategies , to make the world more peaceful , to make our country more secure , to make the lives of our citizens as healthy and as prosperous as possible .
We heard from Secretary Rumsfeld who briefed us on the early stages of the war .
There is no question we 've set the finest of our citizens into harm 's way .
They performed with great skill and great bravery .
We thank them .
We thank their loved ones .
We appreciate their sacrifice .
We heard from Secretary Powell who briefed us on the ever - growing coalition of the willing , nations who support our deep desire for peace and freedom .
Over 40 nations now support our efforts .
We 're grateful for their determination .
We appreciate their vision , and we welcome their support .
As well , we discussed the need to make sure we have plans in place to encourage economic vitality and growth .
We will continue to push for a Medicare system compassionate for your seniors .
We care deeply about the fact that some children in our society ca n't read .
We want the best of education for every citizen in America .
This cabinet is confident about the future of our country .
We 're confident we can achieve our objectives .
I 'm grateful for their service to their country .
Thank you all .
Reporter :
So even at the very early stages of a defining moment of Bush presidency , the President trying to make the case his eyes and especially the eyes of his cabinet still on the domestic affairs of the United States as the early prosecution of the war continues .
One thing the President said that will be the point of contention around the world , the President called it an ever - growing coalition of 40 countries .
That is handful more nations that were actively involved in the coalition his father assembled 12 years ago for the Persian Gulf War , but there is a significant difference , of course .
In this coalition , it is the United States doing the overwhelming load of the fighting .
British forces on the ground , Australian troops scheduled to take part , perhaps in some way .
In the last Gulf War , you had Arab forces on the ground , the Egyptians , Syrians , Saudis , Qataris taking up arms to expel the Iraqi Armiy from Kuwait .
No such participation this time around .
ABC
the President says , This is a growing coalition , this is one of the big geopolitical debates going on around the world as the President --
A man in New York is facing attempted murder charges after allegedly throwing his baby seven stories to the ground below .
Jordeena Ginsburg from News 12 Westchester has the story .
Reporter :
Police measure the spot where ten months old Miana Williams landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window at this apartment building .
The baby fell 80 feet .
These tree branches cushioned her fall and saved her life .
The baby 's aunt did n't want her face shown on TV but told us she was stunned .
I 'm glad she 's alive .
It 's a miracle she survived .
Reporter :
Now Willie Williams the girl 's father is charged with attempted murder .
It all started around 11:30 Saturday night , when Williams got into a fight with the baby 's mother , Jasmine .
He wanted to date her again and she was n't interested .
Cops say he allegedly kidnapped her in his car and threatened her but eventually brought her back to her home .
That 's when police say he grabbed her daughter .
The father allegedly picked the baby up , dangled it out the window of the seventh floor , pulled the child back in .
Reporter :
Then the baby 's mother made a frantic call to police .
While she was on the phone , police say Williams picked up the child again and this time , threw her out the window .
Then police say the baby 's mother pulled out a kitchen knife .
opinion
On the 911 tape you can hear William 's tape say `` go ahead kill me . ''
Still bleeding , he ran downstairs and scooped up the baby and took the baby to the hospital .
Police were on his trail and found Williams and the baby at Memorial Hospital where --
Hamburg , Germany .
Central Command says the Iraqis shot down a tank killer today .
Officials report that the plane was apparently downed with a surface to air missile .
It happened near the Baghdad Airport which is in U.S. hands .
Pilot said they 're doing well .
All right .
U.S. Marines entered southeastern Baghdad today and found dozens of chemical suits masks and atropine injecters .
They found it at an industrial complex .
Material has been hastily abandoned .
The Iraqi government reports 1252 civilians have been killed in the war .
These figures come to us from Abu Dhabi television .
They can not be verified by CNN .
The Iraqi government has not released the information on military casualties at all .
Now back to Wolf Blitzer and our continuing coverage of the war in Iraq .
An American astronaut and Russian cosmonaut are settling in at the International Space Station .
A Russian Soyuz capsule dropped them off this morning after docking perfectly at the orbiting outpost .
It was the first manned flight to the space station since the February first shuttle `` Columbia '' disaster .
About 90 minutes after the docking , the crews opened the hatch between the two spacecraft .
Edward Lu and Yuri Malenchenko of Russia will spend the next six months in the space station .
They 're replacing the two astronauts and one cosmonaut currently there .
The Soyuz will carry that crew back to earth May 4th .
In a moment , check in on the Pentagon and get the latest on the Iraqi prisoners of war .
We know of one detention center , well over 7,000 Iraqis held there and almost a thousand have been released .
Check in on the Pentagon for more and more on this tape and what they 're saying down in Washington .
U.S. forces in Baghdad are staging spot raids around that city , searching for holdout members of Saddam 's regime .
As we reported , one key initiative is the search for weapons of mass destruction , and as part of that effort , U.S. special forces today raided the home of the Iraqi microbiologist known as Dr. Germ , the woman who ran Iraq 's secret biological warfare laboratory .
Mike Boettcher has our exclusive report .
Dr. Rehab Taha , aka Dr. Germ , who directed Iraq 's biological weapons program .
CNN has exclusively obtained the United Nations English translations of her Arabic work papers .
Her research was conducted here at a location well - known to U.N. arms inspectors , 300 miles west of Baghdad .
Her notes begin with the test objective .
Her written words are read by a narrator .
A field experiment was conducted to disperse biological agents , botulinum toxin and spors of bacillus .
Reporter :
The tests were a success .
Reporter :
Taha then described the success of their tests using an anthrax simulant and artillery rockets .
Reporter :
And she reveals success in a 1989 test , using aerial bombs to disperse biological agents .
Reporter :
Dr. Taha 's notes do not tell us how far she eventually progressed in her biological weapons testing .
That 's why the Marines came knocking .
Looking for her papers and looking for her .
Mike Boettcher , CNN , Baghdad .
And she has not been --
I just want to update you on Kofi Annan 's remarks .
The U.N. Secretary - General did not answer questions on Iraq as a result .
There 's nothing to report on that front .
We have just gotten word from the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals that that court has now put on hold its ruling banning the Pledge of Allegiance in public classrooms .
Schools in nine Western states would have been prohibited from having students say the pledge starting Monday .
The stay was granted to give the school districts involved in the initial cases 90 days to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court here in Washington .
The appeals court ruled last summer , but the phrase under God which was added to the pledge in the 1950s is an unconstitutional endorsement of religion .
We 'll continue to follow this court ruling as well .
Here 's how you 're weighing in on our web question of the day .
Remember when we 've been asking you this question , Who is the number one threat facing the U.S. ? Is it Saddam Hussein , Kim Jong Il or Osama Bin Laden ?
Look at the results .
13 % of you say Saddam Hussein .
14 % of you who voted say Kim Jong Il .
41 % say Osama bin Laden .
Remember , this is , not a 13 , 46 , 4 1 , those are the numbers .
You see them , 13 % for Saddam Hussein , 46 % for Kim Jong Il , 41 % for Osama bin Laden .
Remember this , ask not a scientific poll .
Looking at like pictures of Air Force One now on the ground at a Royal Air Force base outside of Belfast , Northern Ireland , it 's called Aldergrove , just outside Belfast .
The President of the United States coming for a brief two - day summit with the British Prime Minister Tony Blair .
They 'll be talking about a postwar Iraq among other important subjects .
They 'll also have an opportunity to review the so - called road map for Israeli / Palestinian peace negotiations to get off the ground .
They also want to review what the status is of Northern Ireland right now as that peace process seems to be taking hold .
Been relatively quiet in Northern Ireland over the past few years .
This is the third time in as many weeks that President Bush and Prime Minister Blair will be sitting down to review station , war strategy , as they go forward together , go forward as close allies in trying to help put together a new Iraq .
There are some significant differences in their strategy , including what role precisely the United Nations should have in determining the future of Iraq .
They 'll try to thrash all of that out .
You 're looking at the picture of Air Force One taxiing in on the tarmac , getting ready for the President .
As we watched this picture of the Air Force One getting into this airport I want to bring in our military analyst General Dan Crisman to go over what is happening in Baghdad .
Seems pretty far away from Belfast right now , General , but decisions that these two leaders make could have a significant impact on the future of Iraq .
First of all , General , we 'll keep this picture up of Air Force One , talk about what you sense is happening on the streets of Baghdad right now .
Wolf , it 's clearly the final phase , the endgame which is unfolding right now .
I think it 's very significant not only in Baghdad but Basra itself .
You have coalition forces there in some strength .
Apparently three battalians of the U.S. 3rd Division in Baghdad three coalition assets , three huge battle groups in Basra itself which the U.K. has there .
What they 've developed here , Wolf , over the last several weeks is very clear and increasingly clear intelligence as to what the final remnants of the regime leadership are in terms of where they are embedded in the cities .
What they 're doing is going in now , very carefully , obviously some symbolic raids against palaces , but the more important presence is to go after what intelligence delivers and that 's where these key leaders are located .
They 're going to be defended fanatically but intelligence is so crucial from aerial platforms and special ops personnel to give the three assets the intel which they need to close with and eliminate final remnants of the regime in those citys .
This is a very important final phase here , Wolf , and it looks like the closure is coming here now more rapidly than we anticipated .
As we continue to watch Air Force One , now on the ground outside Belfast , Northern Ireland , we 'll be watching President Bush emerge from the plane momentarily .
We 'll continue to have live coverage of that .
When Walter Rodgers , our embedded reporter with the 3rd Cavalry says three battalions of troops are on the ground , inside Baghdad itself , have taken up positions they 're going to spend the night there presumably , how many soldiers are we talking about right now ?
Between 700 and 1,000 .
The task forces really , Wolf are probably built around the M Bradley the basic infantry fighting vehicle .
It is the equipment of choice for a task force like this to go into Baghdad .
Its cannon , its ability to implace troops and fire through the firing ports in that Bradley vehicle to take them in under protection .
It 's a very , very important piece of equipment .
These are probably mechanized heavy task forces that have overhead aerial platforms to provide direct support .
It 's significant the degradation of the Iraqi air defenses has allowed A - s , Predators , U - s , other assets to hover and loiter and provide the overhead protection to these tasks .
Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas have postponed Wednesday 's planned meeting on the Mideast peace plan .
It 's because of what 's being described as `` scheduling conflicts . ''
Palestinian officials say the two leaders may try to meet on Thursday instead .
Palestinian advisers say Abbas will call for immediate implementation of the U.S. backed road map to peace .
That would include an end to Israeli military occupation of Palestinian areas and a freeze on settlement expansion .
Israeli sources say Sharon will repeat his position that the Palestinians must first crack down on Islamic militant groups , like Hamas .
Monday , Sharon startled many people when he called for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian areas .
He later released a clarifying statement saying he was referring to the more than 3 million Palestinians now under Israeli military control and not to the land itself .
Sharon says the Palestinian territories remain disputed land .
We are able to resupply , rearm and refuel very close to the area we were working in .
No other Fife Navy ship could have gotten in the water .
No other ship could have done the command and control .
From these special warfare boats .
One concern these men have in the waterways of Iraq is the threat of an ambush , so there are five weapon stations on the special operations craft .
They include grenade launchers and machine guns .
Reporter :
More than 100 vessels searched and secured in four days , legitimate merchants turned smugglers , all aboard ships that are potential hidaways for Iraqi weapons and soldiers .
Commanding this mission , Lieutenant Jay Keller .
That 's what we 're doing as we come through here and completely search theses have else to make sure there 's no one lurking on there with weapons or RPGs or some other pad to take down helos that are flying by or any other ships that are coming in through here .
Reporter :
Keller takes us onboard an Iraqi vessel , one of the most common threats lurking around the sea bed .
This is the railway system .
What you see here , you see the rollers and you can stack four mines out here and roll them off the back as they 're transitting through .
These crewmen search the boat and collect these logs , peppered with pictures of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein .
All along the waterways , Iraqi sailors wave to Heller 's crew .
They hand out food and medical supplies when they k .
No cigarettes .
This is a working middle class that wants to work and make money for themselves and they understand that when we come in here , we 'll make that available to them .
Hopefully , paying huge dividends to the Iraqi people in the long run as forces like Jay Keller 's detachment continues to pay off big in `` Operation Iraqi Freedom . ''
Along the waterway in southern Iraq , Kyra Phillips , CNN .
U.S. - led forces are approaching Iraq 's capital after destroying the Medina and Baghdad divisions of the Republican Guard .
We 'll have that story and all of the latest developments in `` Operation Iraqi Freedom '' just two minutes away .
I 'm Kathleen Kennedy .
You 've been watching CNN Headline News .
Federal safety officials are trying to find out what caused a deadly boat accident off the Oregon coast .
A charter fishing boat capsized in rough surf Saturday morning , killing nine people .
Two men are missing and presumed dead .
Eight people survived .
They believe a massive wave may have flipped the boat over .
Also ahead , the anatomy of a rescue .
Just a couple of hours ago , rescued POW Jessica Lynch arrived at the Ramstein Air Base in Germany for medical treatment .
A little later we 'll speak with her family and take a closer look at the daring operation that produced her safe recovery , but first the push into Baghdad .
Coalition field commanders say U.S. troops are now within 15 miles of the Iraqi capital .
They say their forces today with the Iraqi Republican Guard units as part of a two - pronged advance on the city .
U.S. troops could be in Baghdad 's southern outskirts by early Thursday .
However , the Pentagon is downplaying the idea that an invasion of Baghdad is imminent .
For the second straight day , Iraqi television meanwhile has broadcast a statement from the Iraqi President Saddam Hussein .
However , despite the appearance of Saddam Hussein in and what was said to be new footage , the statement itself was read by an Iraqi news anchor wearing a military uniform .
U.S. officials say they are n't sure whether the Iraqi President is still alive .
Regardless , the statement praised Iraqis who have fought coalition forces .
It was said to be Saddam Hussein 's response to a letter from his niece .
We are watching activity in Baghdad .
While we do , we want to tell you Marines battling for control of the bridges in the southern city of Nasiriyah face stiff resistance from Iraqi paramilitary groups today .
For some perspective , let 's turn to Miles O'Brien with retired Air Force General Don Shepperd .
Thank you very much .
If you are going to fight on the ground , you have to encounter bridges somewhere along the way .
A lot of bridges between where the 3 7 Cavalry and the rest of the U.S. forces are now and their ultimate destination , downtown Baghdad .
We have the city laid out for you here .
How many bridges in this city alone ?
In this map we have right here , 13 major bridges in downtown Baghdad , including the expressway bridge over here .
Three bridges here attaching East Baghdad to West Baghdad and the palace area .
This is one technique , one possible way U.S. forces might seize a bridge , a bridge that might be defended by Iraqis .
Let 's look at the animation .
Typical scenario there .
It does n't really matter for this scenario that we 're laying out here .
This would be representing M1 - A1 tanks coming towards the bridge firing .
You have to bundle up and line up to go across that bridge .
Makes it vulnerable to fire from the other side .
Potentially chemical weapons , too .
As we turn the other direction , what you 'll see are these Iraqi tanks that are kind of fortified there .
They have burns in front of them , artillery behind them firing back .
there goes the smoke screen .
The idea of the smoke screen is to obscure the oncoming forces firing at you from being able to see .
It does n't work , though .
It works both ways .
It obscures you but also obscures them .
Here 's an f .
He comes in and wants to identify his target and he 's got a big --
Ca n't see through the smoke .
We 've got some techniques we 're going to show you .
Somewhere near we can put down special --
Tens of thousands of college and high school students stage antiwar protests on campuses yesterday from coast to coast .
California now , high school and college students there skipped class to show their opposition to a U.S. - led war with Iraq .
The Books not Bombs demonstration coordinated by the National Youth and Student Peace Coalition .
Record temperatures in the north .
Threatening right now to freeze over Lake Superior surface .
If so , forecasters say it will be the first time there in about two decades .
Lake Superior , the largest of the five Great Lakes .
It does n't look too frozen there .
Strange story coming out of Syracuse , New York , where a retired handyman admitted he held five women as sex slaves in an underground bunker over 15 years .
He pleaded guilty this morning to five counts of kidnapping .
Under a plea deal he could get 15 years to life .
He was arrested in April for holding a girl hostage nearly seven months .
The girl was kept in a two - room concrete dungeon he built under the background of his home near Syracuse .
After his arrest , police found four other women who said they were abducted and raped by him .
Saddam International Airport has become a battlefield .
Witnesses say Iraqi troops are dug in trying to fend off coalition troops making their way into the capital 's main airport .
A Reuters correspondent said dozens of Iraqi civilians and soldiers were killed in what witnesses called a barrage of U.S. artillery .
That her younger sister , Mary Katherine , was the one who went to her father and said , `` dad , I think I know who did this . ''
But it took some four months before they were able to get a picture and identify the picture as this Brian David Mitchell and then his wife , Wanda Barzee .
The other questions , of course , are Why did n't Elizabeth Smart try to escape ? Were there opportunities perhaps that she might be able to get away from her abductors ?
The police are saying she was abducted by knife point and was an opportunity and may have been some kind of fear factor going on .
We are seeing a lot locally here some photographs that are coming out , that show Mitchell , his wife , and who they believe to be Elizabeth Smart at a party in September .
There were times perhaps they were in a park somewhere in Salt Lake City completely robed in these veils and robes so you could not see her face .
There are a lot of questions coming out about why she could not get away from them , that remains to be answered .
The police are going to be holding a press conference later today .
We 're hoping to get more details about that .
All right .
Just about 25 minutes long in that press conference there at NATO headquarters in Brussels .
He mentioned a headline a short time ago .
U.S. forces moving in on the airports at Saddam Hussein International Airport , 12 miles west of the city 's center .
Colin Powell saying an end will come soon and toward the end , this regime will be finished .
Also a question there about the United Nations .
A question about NATO about what role these two organizations may play in rebuilding Iraq .
Colin Powell says the U.N. does have a role to play , what role that is remains to be seen .
There was also one other moment there when you heard a woman asking about the safety of her husband right now .
That woman , we believe is married to one of two journalists who disappeared in Iraq almost two weeks ago , both work for the network , ITN .
We have heard that perhaps both are being held in Basra , possibly in a hospital , but there 's no way for us to confirm their whereabouts .
But obviously a lot of concern from this woman as to whereabouts of her husband and his health .
Walt Rogers is back with us .
We 've been in and out now for almost two hours .
What 's happening with you and the 7th Cav as we continue to watch your image by way of video phone and the giant M1 - A1 tank .
Walt , good evening again .
President Bush is pushing Congress to pass his $ 15 billion worldwide program for fighting AIDS .
At a White House gathering of AIDS activists and lawmakers from around the world , the President said HIR plan could prevent 7 million new HIV infections -- and treat at least 2 million people over the next decade .
We begin we will finish .
Applause
d the extra $ 400 per child to American families this year , 2003 .
All together these tax reductions will help 92 million Americans , and a significant part of the benefit to our economy will come within the first two years of the plan .
A family of four with an income of $ 40,000 would receive a 96 % reduction in federal income taxes .
Instead of paying $ 1,178 per year , the family would pay $ 45 a year .
Applause
That means extra money in the family budget year after year .
That money can cover a lot of bills .
That money can help families with purchases they have been delaying .
That money will be in circulation , which will be good for our economy .
Applause
And this plan will help our small business sector .
The benefits of the growth plan will come from increased consumer spending and , as importantly , from a lower income tax rates on the small businesses themselves .
It is important for our fellow citizens to understand that most small businesses pay their business taxes at the individual rates .
Most small businesses are sole proprietorships , limited partnerships , are subchapter SS , and , therefore , when you reduce individual tax rates , you benefit small business formation .
As a matter of fact , under this plan , some 23 million small business owners will see their taxes cut , which leaves more money for investment , more money for growth , more money for job creation .
A growing economy also needs small business investment , and our tax code should encourage investment .
Today a small business can deduct a maximum of $ 25,000 in the year in which they buy equipment .
We need to triple the amount that can be deducted in the year in which they buy equipment .
Applause
So I propose to Congress that limit ought to be increased to $ 75,000 and that limit ought to be indexed to inflation .
By doing so , we promote greater investment in machinery , and when a small business buys machine that enhances their company 's productivity as well as it means machinery manufacturer is likely to have more work available .
More investment equals jobs , and what we are interested in in this administration is helping people who look for work find a job .
Applause
We can also promote economic growth and job creation by removing the double tax on dividends .
Applause
Taxing corporate income once is fair .
It is not fair for the federal government to tax the same money twice .
The burden of double taxation falls on the millions of individuals who receive dividends , falls especially hard on seniors who receive half of all dividend income .
Removal of double taxation would put more money in the hands of investors .
It would encourage more investment in American businesses .
Economists say that this plan will help our stock markets , and since half of American families own stock , the reform will help them save and help our economy grow .
Now , these measures were presented to Congress in the first week of this year .
The pro-growth package was urgent in January .
It 's even more urgent today .
Applause
It is important for you all to understand and for our fellow Americans to understand the tax relief that I have proposed and will push for until enacted applause will create 1.4 million new jobs by the end of 2004 .
In two years time , this nation has experienced war , a recession and a national emergency , which has caused our government to run a deficit .
The best way to reduce the deficit is with more growth in our economy , which means more revenues to our treasury , and less spending in Washington , D.C .
applause
I am pleased that both the House and Senate have passed budget resolutions that show real spending restraint , and now the Congress must focus on a robust and effective growth package .
We need at least $ 550 billion in that package because the more tax relief that goes to the American people , the more jobs we will create in this economy .
Applause
The last few months have been a time of challenge for America .
Our resolve has been tested , yet we have the great resources of national strength , and national character , to overcome every challenge we face .
Our confidence and our optimism have never waivered .
We are defending the peace of the world .
We 're bringing freedom to corners of the world who have n't seen freedom in years .
We 're all building the prosperity of our country .
This is a unique moment in our history and the American people are rising to meet it .
I want to thank each of you for your hard work .
I want to thank each of you for the faith you have shown in this country 's future .
May God bless you , and may God continue to bless America .
Applause
Power being restored on a rolling basis throughout Baghdad today .
The city went dark two weeks ago leaving people without electricity or the ability to cook or keep food from spoiling .
Engineers have managed to restart two substations and six diesel plants and also need that to help the hospitals get on line as well .
The coroner examining the remains of two bodies recovered near San Francisco Bay yesterday was unable to determine the cause of death .
Police are now considering the possibility that the remains are those of Laci Peterson and her unborn child .
Peterson disappeared on Christmas eve of last year .
Paul Vercammen joins me now from Martinez , California , with the latest for us .
Paul ?
Reporter :
Well , Lou , one thing that the coroner has been able to determine is that the skeletal remains are those of one , an adult female , and two , the remains of the almost full - term baby boy , and of course , this is significant because Laci Peterson , when she disappeared from her Modesto home , was 7 1 / 2 months pregnant .
That was on Christmas Eve .
Her husband , Scott , at the time said that he was fishing in the Berkeley marina .
Now , in a strange twist in all of this , just yesterday separate from the skeletal remains I alluded to earlier a man hiking near the Berkeley marina found a bone , and they are now looking at that as another possible lead in this case .
This person came across the bone at the shore .
He brought it home and contacted the authorities , and we took possession of it .
And you 're trying to connect it to the other --
Well , we 're trying to find out if it 's a human bone and whether or not it is related to the others .
Reporter :
And yet another reason why that bone could be a key link , there are reports that have surfaced that in terms of the female remains that were found the skeleton was not completely intact .
Now this case is also taking on , we should say , almost a TV episodic forensic pathology angle because they 're going to bring in an expert on what 's called alufating decay , and basically this person is going to come in here and look at the body .
This is in the damage aspect of it .
And they say these experts will be able to tell how long the body had been in there and if the remains of the almost full - term baby boy were inside the female 's remains at the time of death .
Also , the coroner could know right now but is not saying if there was some sort of trauma to either of these skeletons .
For example , if they could see the bone compromised in some way they could tell if there had been a stab or a shooting .
We may learn a lot more on this in just 15 minutes .
That 's because Modesto police have scheduled a news conference and while they may not say much at all they could also drop some major bomb shells , Lou .
Reporting live from Martinez , California , I 'm Paul Vercammen .
Now back to you .
Paul , let me ask you , if I may , quickly , is there any reason for us to expect that there would be the ability to identify those remains as a result of these autopsies this afternoon ?
Reporter :
It sounds like all of this will be too quick , and it seems underlying all this is there could be an absence of dental records .
That 's particularly important for the adult female remains .
So now they 're going to have to turn to DNA , and that 's why they 're calling in these experts .
Some DNA testing can be very quick , but sometimes it can take up to weeks , even more , Lou .
Okay .
Paul Vercammen , thank you very much .
As Paul just reported , the Modesto , California police department will be holding a news conference just a few minutes from now , and CNN of course will be carrying that news conference live .
Stay with us .
2:58 a.m. , explosions reported around the Palestine Hotel where international journalists are staying .
A U.S. tank shelled the hotel in response to sniper fire .
The blast kills two cameramen , one from Spanish TV , another from Reuters .
Three Reuters journalists were killed .
5:33 a.m. , Martin Savidge says the Marines have found chemical protection suits and antidotes for chemical weapons in a field beside an industrial complex in southeast Baghdad .
Nearby they found abandoned weapons and artillery case , which they demolished .
7:00 a.m. , U.S. Central Command says the coalition may never know if Iraqi President Saddam Hussein survived a U.S. air strike yesterday .
A B bomber dropped four 2,000 - pound bombs on a building in a residential area of Baghdad after getting intelligence reports senior officials were meeting there , possibly including Saddam Hussein and his sons .
Brigadier General Vince Brooks confirmed a USA Warthog aircraft was shot down by an Iraqi missile today .
The pilot ejected and was rescued .
Police in Pennsylvania say a student fatally shot a principal before killing himself this morning .
It happened in the cafeteria of Red Lion Area Junior High School about 30 miles southeast of Harrisburg .
It happened at 7:30 this morning .
Students then were moved across the street to a senior high school .
Convicted Oklahoma City bombing conspirator Terry Nichols will stand trial again on state murder charges .
Nichols is serving a life term for his federal manslaughter and conspiracy convictions stemming from the deaths of eight federal employees in the 1995 blast .
An Oklahoma City judge has ruled prosecutors presented enough evidence at a preliminary hearing to try Nichols on murder charges for the other 160 victims of the attack .
They will seek the death penalty .
Timothy McVeigh , convicted of setting off the bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building , was executed nearly two years ago .
The weekly Republican radio address focused on energy and the economy .
Michigan Governor John Engler said disruptions in energy supplies have shaken the economy three times in the last generation .
He says the decision to tap into the national strategic petroleum reserve to meet anticipated shortages is a mistake .
The petroleum reserve is not a political reserve .
A aradiant wo n't lower fuel prices in the long run , but it will make our nation more vulnerable to foreign producers .
Engler says the Clinton administration has failed to develop a coherent energy policy , leading to increased dependence on imported oil .
Thanks for joining us this morning .
Topping the news this half hour -- U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf are taking extra precautions against possible terrorist attacks .
A Pentagon spokesman says all of the Navy 's Fifth Fleet ships will remain at sea for the foreseeable future to reduce their vulnerability .
The U.S. embassy in Qatar has been closed .
Military personnel there and in Bahrain have been placed on the highest state of alert .
The Pentagon says it received specific threats against U.S. possessions in the two countries .
A similar threat led to the closing of the U.S. embassy in Indonesia .
Officials say terrorist threats against U.S. interests worldwide have increased to their highest level since the millennium celebrations .
The increase reportedly coincides with the October bombing of the `` USS Cole '' in Yemen , and with the recent flare - up of Mideast violence .
The `` Cole '' attack killed 17 sailors and wounded 39 others .
The Senate Armed Services Committee continues a hearing into the bombing today in Washington .
Violence is flaring again today in the Middle East .
At a checkpoint near Ramallah , Israeli troops opened fire with machine guns when someone apparently shot at them from a nearby building .
A police station in Ramallah was one of the targets of Israeli helicopter strikes yesterday after a mob beat two Israeli soldiers to death .
The soldiers had been taken to the station after apparently inadvertently taking a wrong turn .
In Jerusalem , Israeli security forces scuffled with Palestinians near the Al - aksa Mosque .
Only worshipers older than 45 are being allowed into the mosque today .
Israeli police are keeping hundreds of young Palestinians away from the shrine .
100 people , most of them Palestinians and Israeli Arabs , have died in violent clashes that began September when Israeli Likud Party leader Ariel Sharon visited the area , which is sacred to both Muslims and Jews .
Canada is saying good-bye to a former leader .
Cuban President Fidel Castro and former U.S. President Jimmy Carter joined thousands of mourners for the state funeral of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau .
The service inside the Notre Dame basilica in Trudeau 's hometown of Montreal .
This caps five days of national mourning .
Some 15,000 people came to visit his flag - draped casket yesterday at City Hall .
He died Thursday of prostate cancer .
Pierre Trudeau was 80 .
Martha Stewart 's company officially known as Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia earned $ 3.8 million last quarter , more than double its profits a year ago , and the company says it 's comfortable at the high end of profit estimates for the current quarter as well .
Martha Stewart has a TV show , several books and a house wares line at Kmart .
Yugoslavians are waking up today to a new political landscape .
Vojislav Kostunica Saturday was sworn in as the country 's new President yesterday .
He took the oath of office before parliament .
In his acceptance speech , he said democracy is now realized in Yugoslavia , and he encouraged members of parliament to put their differences aside .
We can work together , in spite of our political differences , here in this federal parliament .
I think the consequences of what has happened will be obvious after a while , but we are a little bit surprised right now , and even now I sometimes think it looks like a dream , but it is a reality , and it is good .
Thursday , tens of thousands of people stormed parliament , demanding former President Slobodan Milosevic admit defeat in September 's presidential election and leave office .
He agreed to do so a day later but is vowing to remain active in politics .
Yugoslavia is a step closer to ending its years of isolation and socialist power .
Yugoslavia 's parliament today appointed a new government backing reformist President Vojislav Kostunica .
It 's the country 's first communist - free government in more than half a century .
The new cabinet won approval in both chambers of parliament and from deputies of Yugoslavia 's two republics -- Serbia and Montenegro .
The new government is key for reformists to cement their position in power .
Last month 's mass uprising forced former President Slobodan Milosevic to admit defeat in presidential elections .
Here 's the latest on our top story today --
It 's a day of celebration in Yugoslavia as the country prepares to welcome a new President .
An official swearing - in ceremony for Vojislav Kostunica should be held later today in the capital city of Belgrade .
Alessio Vinci says the event was scheduled to take place hours ago but has been delayed because of a prolonged meeting of the newly elected Yugoslav parliament .
This point we understand the two chambers are meeting separately because the mandates of all the deputies must be checked out and confronted .
At this point we understand that there are some problems with some deputies in the upper house of the federal parliament .
There are some votes that apparently were counted wrong .
Anyway , it 's unclear exactly what 's happening , but they are contesting some seats .
In that case if the two chamber can not agree and meet here , Kostunica until then will not be able to take his hold .
Outgoing President Slobodan Milosevic had refused to concede defeat in last month 's presidential election until yesterday .
Independent observers had declared Kostunica the winner , but Milosevic had disputed the result , calling for a run - off .
That spurred widespread protests and prompted thousands of Yugoslavians to descend on Belgrade .
The demonstrators were met with tear gas Thursday as they stormed the parliament building .
The protesters also took control of the building containing the state - run television network .
In a televised address yesterday , Milosevic congratulated Kostunica on his victory and said he will take a break before returning to political life .
CNN has learned Milosevic 's son , daughter - in - law and grandson left the country this morning .
The President of the Yugoslav Pilots ' Union says they flew to Moscow carrying only a few pieces of luggage .
Checking our top stories -- Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak has reiterated his threat to take action against Palestinians if violence does not stop by Monday .
Barak says Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat has the power to halt the clashes .
Palestinians blame the Israelis for igniting the tensions .
First Lady Hillary Clinton and Representative Rick Lazio debate a second time in their race for a New York Senate seat .
Yugoslavia 's new President is trying to form a government without support from his supporters .
Milosevic himself has said that he will remain in Yugoslavia as a political force .
The radical Palestinian group that hijacked the Achille Lauro cruise ship in 1985 , is declaring today that it will resume attacks against Israel .
The group says it 's in response to the rising death toll from violent clashes in the West Bank and Gaza .
Palestinians are burying their dead in Gaza , the latest victims in a month of fighting with Israeli troops .
More clashes erupted there today .
A 14 - year - old Palestinian boy was in serious condition .
Palestinian officials say at least six others were in separate protests .
More than 130 people have died , all but eight of them Palestinians or Arab - Israelis .
216 crew members from the bombed destroyer `` USS Cole '' got a hero 's welcome as they returned to the U.S. today .
The sailors will be given leaves of absence to recuperate and spend time with their friends and families .
17 crew members were killed and 39 injured in the bomb attack on the `` Cole '' .
October the damaged vessel remains in the Gulf of Aden loaded atop the heavy - lift ship , `` the Blue Marlin . ''
Pentagon sources say the piggybacked ships will depart tomorrow .
They will sail around the southern tip of Africa and arrive in Norfolk around December .
The nation 's jobless rate is holding steady .
The Labor Department said yesterday the unemployment rate remained at the 30 - year low of 3.9 % in October .
Bob Beard reports .
Lower mortgage rates last month helped construction firms add 34,000 jobs .
The huge services sector added 99,000 , but growth in manufacturing was unchanged , suggesting sluggish demand for factory labor .
That as October payrolls picked up far fewer jobs than expected and September 's payroll gains were revised sharply lower .
So far this year , the pace of job growth is slowing -- averaging 182,000 jobs a month , versus 229,000 for all of last year .
It shows the top line .
The headline number is weakening the economy is weakening , but again , the persistence of that labor market tightness is still there .
One key measure of inflation picked up slightly last month above market expectations .
Average hourly earnings now up 3.8 % year over year .
Some economists note that 's been the trend for the last few years and is one of the main reasons the Fed remains on inflation alert despite other signs the economy is cooling .
I think this number will certainly continue to calm the fears of policymakers , but I think it will put off that belief that the Fed is going to lower interest rates anytime soon .
Meantime , the administration could n't wait to put a positive spin on the nation 's unemployment rate , which stayed at a 30 - year low .
We have an economy that 's in balance .
Obviously , we continue to see signs of moderation , but let 's remember this is still the longest and strongest boom in all of American history .
For now , most economists see a portrait of a moderating economy , with few signs of a dramatic slowdown .
Bob Beard , `` CNN Financial News , '' Washington .
Analysts ' downgrades in the semiconductor sector have sent chipmaker stocks plunging today .
That is n't keeping IBM from expanding its chip operations .
It 's investing $ 2.5 million to build an advanced semiconductor plan , about 60 miles north of New York City .
An additional $ 2.5 billion will go toward improvements at IBM chip plants in Vermont and Japan .
Violence in the West Bank and Gaza has claimed the lives of eight Palestinians today .
All were shot dead in skirmishes with Israeli soldiers .
The new violence erupted at the end of a 48 - hour cease - fire which was designed to pave the way for a resumption of peace talks .
Israel 's acting Foreign Minister says his nation is hoping to renew those talks , but Prime Minister Ehud Barak is taking no chances .
Barak says he will proceed with plans to form a national government of emergency .
Veekz have been placed in Yemen as U.S. investigators are staying as they search for clues of the `` USS Cole . ''
Security was ordered in the wake of a telephone bomb threat .
17 U.S. sailors were killed and 39 wounded 2 weeks ago in the bombing that left a huge hole in the side of the destroyer .
FBI technicians sent to Yemen to collect evidence have scheduled to leave today .
There were more clashes between Palestinians and Israeli troops in the Gaza Strip today .
At least three people were wounded overnight during a round of gunfire at a Jewish enclave near Jerusalem .
Violence has claimed nearly 140 lives , mostly Palestinian , in less than a month .
Fionnuala Sweeney reports .
Another exchange of gunfire in Gilo , on the outskirts of Jerusalem .
44 Israeli military retaliates , using machine gun and tracer fire .
Unlike Sunday night 's clashes , no warning was given to residents in Beit Jala to evacuate .
My children and I were in a room in our apartment on the second floor , he says , but when the gunfire started , we went downstairs to the first floor .
As you can see , the gunfire was attacking our home .
The residents of Gilo , too , were surveying the damage .
What can I do , he says ?
I bought this apartment seven years ago .
I thought it would be quiet .
I can not go onto terrace .
I can not put my lights on .
Gilo is situated on a hill overlooking Beit Jala in the valley below .
It was built on territory seized from the Arabs in the 1967 war .
Israelis consider it part of Jerusalem .
The Palestinians claim it was built on land belonging to Beit Jala .
Elsewhere , in the West Bank town of Hebron , one Palestinian man was killed during clashes with Israeli soldiers .
Israeli Defense Force officials say he was a member of the Tanzim militia , an arm of the Fatah party , a charge denied by the Palestinians .
Meanwhile in Jerusalem , Prime Minister Ehud Barak continues his efforts to form a government of national emergency .
Talks with the leader of the right - wing Likud Party , Ariel Sharon , ended without agreement Monday , but Israeli government sources say they are confident a deal can be struck before the Knesset reconvenes after the summer recess next Monday .
Palestinians say that if Ariel Sharon is included in any new government , it will spell the end of the peace process .
Meanwhile the Israeli military says it is hunkering down for military clashes .
In the words of one brigadier general , `` we are not talking about a short - lived adventure . ''
The Palestinians , too , say they expect a drawn - out conflict , playing Barak for calling an end to the fighting .
Fionnuala Sweeney , CNN , Jerusalem .
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright is heading to North Korea today to meet with leader Kim Jong - il .
She 'll be first U.S. Cabinet Member ever to do so .
The White House is trying to reduce tension in the area , as well as seek an end to North Korea 's missile programs .
If the visit goes well , President Clinton could visit North Korea before his term ends .
Protesting Palestinians are being met with heavier firepower by the Israeli Army as violence in the West Bank and Gaza Strip escalates , and as the tension grows , so does the death toll .
Kevin Dunn has the latest .
In a dramatic demonstration of military force , Israel sent tanks and armored personnel carriers in a town , a clear sign of its readiness to use all the firepower it commands in an attempt to put down rioting , but for a fifth day , clashes erupted in the West Bank and on the Gaza Strip where Palestinians attacked an Israeli Army outpost .
The violence sparked off by a provocative visit by right wing Israeli politician Fos .
A Muslim holy site is now thes who for at least five years .
It was summed up by the fatal shooting of the 12 - year - old as he cowered with his father .
Israel says the boy was caught unintentionally in cross fire .
His funeral only one of many as the death toll rises .
World leaders fear the violence will set back the fragile progress toward a peace settlement .
I hope these events are not going to derail the crucial peace talks , and that despite this major hiccup and serious incident , the process will continue .
We must succeed and the talks should go forward .
The Israeli cabinet was convened to discuss the crisis with ministers blaming the Palestinian police for failing to stop the rioting .
For their part , the leaders said the violence would stop only when Israel withdraws its forces from occupied areas .
Kevin Dunn , ITN .
Crew members injured in the explosion on the `` USS Cole '' are coming home today .
The sailors left Ramstein Air Base in Germany .
Most of the 34 sailors hurt , are being reunited with family in Norfolk , Virginia , before moving on to a naval hospital for further treatment .
Sailors still aboard the `` USS Cole '' paused this morning for a memorial service honoring the 17 sailors who died in the blast .
The dead will be honored Wednesday at a memorial service in Norfolk .
President Clinton plans to attend .
The bodies of five of those victims arrived back in the United States yesterday at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware .
At a political stop in Denver , Mr. Clinton said all Americans owe the sailors a debt of thanks .
They were just good American citizens .
Most of them were , if you saw in your local press today , very young .
Most of them trying to find their way in life by serving their country , and we should all be very , very grateful to them .
The U.S. Navy is revising the timeline of last week 's attack on the `` USS Cole . ''
It says the explosion happened more than two hours after the ship was tied to a fuel dock , not during the mooring operation , as previously thought .
Some wonder then , how the terrorists ' boat could have escaped notice , since there should have been no other boats near the `` Cole . ''
The Navy says the sailors may have thought the small boat was there to help free the `` Cole '' from lines tying it to the fuel dock .
Officials in Yemen say they found bomb - making materials at a nearby apartment .
FBI agents in Yemen have taken swabs of explosive residue found in the apartment , and have sent them to Washington for analysis .
Bush is in the toss - up state of Michigan , trying to turn the focus of the campaign back to the issues .
He told a rally in Grand Rapids a key concern is what to do with the federal tax surplus .
Today in America , people pay more in federal , state and local taxes than they do in food and clothing and housing .
I want you to think about that .
The average family is working harder and longer hours , and paying more in taxes than on the basic necessities to live .
This is n't right , folks .
We need to send some of your money back to the people who pay the bills .
We ought to provide tax relief for everybody who pays taxes in America !
In addition to his stop in Grand Rapids , Bush 's schedule for the day includes a visit to University Center , Michigan .
He will be joined there by retired General Colin Powell , and will outline his proposals for repairing what he calls a weakening of the U.S. military under the Clinton administration .
From Michigan , Bush flies to Morgantown , West Virginia , where he also will focus on military issues .
West Virginia has the highest per capita number of veterans of foreign wars in the U.S .
Venezuela 's leftist President has awarded Fidel Castro the keys to the city of Caracas .
The Cuban President is on a five - day visit to Venezuela to sign an oil - supply deal .
Hundreds of Venezuelans lined the streets of the capital to welcome Castro .
Opposition legislators boycotted Castro 's speech in the Venezuelan Congress to protest so - called `` human rights abuses '' in Cuba .
Some said President Hugo Chavez 's move to strengthen ties with the communist island could hurt relations with the United States .
Reformers in Yugoslavia got a significant boost today .
The Serbian parliament approved a power - sharing administration to run the republic until early elections in December .
The legislative body is the last major bastion of support for former President Slobodan Milosevic .
His successor , Vojislav Kostunica leader to admit Army and police forces committed widespread killings in Kosovo last year .
In a television interview , Kostunica says he is ready to accept responsibility for the crimes committed under the Milosevic regime .
The bodies of the final four sailors recovered from the `` USS Cole '' are returning home today .
A plane carrying the remains is due to arrive at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware later this morning .
A brief ceremony will be held afterward .
17 sailors were killed in the apparent terrorist attack at a port in Yemen ten days ago .
Madeleine Albright is in Paris , hoping to end the crisis .
She meets tomorrow with Ehud Barak and Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat .
They 're expected to meet separately with Albright .
She hopes to bring them together for a three - way meeting eventually .
A leading Chinese pharmaceutical company will manufacture the Ru abortion pill for the U.S. market .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved the pill two weeks ago , but did not disclose the drugmakers ' identity .
The Chinese company has been manufacturing Ru for at least seven years .
For more business and consumer news , click on to cnnfn.com .
Students at a middle school in Calaveras County , California , are getting an unwanted lesson in entomology .
Thousands of bees have invaded their campus , making it difficult to eat lunch outside and get to class .
The bees were traced to 60 nearby hives .
The county agriculture commissioner has given the beekeeper until Monday to remove the insects or face fines .
New violence was reported in the West Bank and Gaza today , in spite of the U.S. - brokered cease - fire between Israel and the Palestinians .
The clashes took place as Yasser Arafat 's Palestinian Authority reaffirmed its commitment to the truce .
Israel is to withdraw its forces from several areas over the next two days , and an Israeli official says his country would honor the cease - fire even if sporadic rock - throwing continues .
Microsoft confirms hackers broke into the company 's computer network and gained access to software code information .
The FBI is investigating .
A Microsoft executive calls the break - in an `` issue of great importance , '' but says none of the codes were tampered with .
The company says computers running Microsoft software should n't be affected .
`` The Wall Street Journal '' reports the break - in was discovered Wednesday .
`` the Journal '' says security employees found passwords used to transfer codes were being sent to an e-mail address in St. Petersburg , Russia .
If the volatility of the stock market has you concerned about your investments , you may want to consider something designed to be a bit more stable .
Valarie Morris has more .
The stock market 's recent volatility likely has some investors seeking a safe haven .
One way to go is a Real Estate Investment Trust or REAT .
They own and operate apartment complexes and office buildings and other properties .
Demand is high for space .
By law , the trust must pay out 5 % of its taxable income each year and that , in turn , creates big dividends .
The group so far in the third quarter for those companies that have reported have generated about 0 % earnings growth .
We think over the long term , at least for the next couple of years , that many of these companies can have high single digit revenue growth .
So far this return , returns are up more than 15 % , compared to the S&P 500 's loss of nearly 3 % and the Nasdaq 's loss of more than 15 % , but while REATs offer some stability in a volatile market , there is some risk as well .
You think about real estate , it 's a cyclical industry .
The things that have gotten you in trouble are too much supply .
Demand is relatively stable , but the ups and downs relative to supply were what hurts you in the real estate markets .
That 's `` your money . ''
Valarie Morris , `` CNN Financial News , '' New York .
For more business and consumer news , click on to cnnfn.com .
The Mariners can move on to the American League Champion SHN Series with a win over the White Sox this afternoon .
Seattle is obviously upbeat and relaxed after taking the first two games in Chicago .
I think this team is energized .
I think we feel real good , and , you know , after that Anaheim series , I think this whole team took a deep breath of relief and said , Okay , we 're finally in , Let 's go out and do our thing .
As long as we go out and have fun and laugh and , you know , I think it takes a lot of pressure off of everyone , but the key is going out and having fun , laughing and joking around , you know , doing the little things that we 've been doing all year .
Hello from Atlanta .
Our top story this half hour -- the United Nations Secretary - General says it 's a time of `` delicate and acute diplomacy '' in the Middle East .
Kofi Annan is in the region for a marathon of talks with Israeli and Palestinian officials in a bid to end violence that has left dozens of people dead in the last 13 days .
He met with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak today .
Overnight , Barak gave Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat more time to curb the violence by extending the deadline for the fighting to stop .
Annan also met with Arafat in Gaza and offered proposals for ending the crisis .
Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov joined those discussions .
Barak says he 's ready to accept a commission to look into the causes of the recent clashes , an outside commission .
The U.N. Secretary - General urged both sides to stop the violence and continue on the path to permanent peace in the Middle East .
I think we need a relative calm to work out these things .
I think we should avoid any statements or anything , on both sides , that will lead to tension on either side .
I think we are in a merd of delicate and acute diplomacy .
Diplomacy by coercion does n't work , and both sides should not make statements that are likely to inflame .
Clashes in the West Bank and Gaza have left scores injured and almost 90 people have been killed .
Mike Hanna joins us with the latest from Ramallah .
Once again , here in Ramallah , confrontation , Palestinian demonstrators coming up against the Israeli security forces .
Throughout the afternoon , the security forces have been firing rubber - coated steel bullets , they 've been using concussion grenades and they 've been firing tear gas into the Palestinian crowd , which has been responding with stones and on occasion , fire bombs .
What happened on this particular day , a funeral was held for a man who was allegedly beaten to death by Jewish settlers .
The Palestinians attended this funeral here in Ramallah and came down to this particular point where there was another confrontation with security forces , one that has occurred numerous times over the past 13 days .
Out of this particular conflict here , one hospital in Ramallah tells us they have , admitted seven people , who were taking part in that demonstration .
Of those seven , four people had been wounded with sharp - point high velocity ammunition , that is regular bullets , not rubber - coated steel bullets , that is more than 50 % of those admitted have been injured according to the Ramallah hospital authorities with regular bullets .
Earlier on , I spoke to the authorities , was provided with statistics that indicate over the past 13 days , nearly 40 % of those admitted had been treated for injuries skin with the high velocity regular bullets , a disturbing fact indeed .
One must point out as well , there has been relative quiet , relative to the high intensity of violence that has been seen , but here at Ramallah , the far northern border of the Palestinian Authority , once again there 's confrontation tags and conflict .
Here , at least , no sign of any cessation of hostilities .
I 'm Mike Hanna , CNN , Ramallah .
The United Nations General Assembly passed a resolution criticizing Israel 's actions in the dispute .
The resolution also calls for an immediate end to the violence and a resumption of peace talks .
The United States was one of six nations that voted against the measure .
More than 100 people have died in the three weeks of fighting , almost all of them Palestinians or Arab - Israelis .
Monday , President Clinton will approve $ 435 million to ease the debt burdens of some of the world 's poorest countries .
It allows the United States to be part of a global effort to free developing countries from interest payments .
The measure is part of a $ 15 billion international assistance package .
Scattered clashes were reported between Palestinian protesters and Israeli troops in the West Bank and Gaza today , despite intense diplomatic efforts to stop that .
Palestinians say a 17 - year - old protester was killed by Israeli gunfire in the West Bank , and a 16 - year - old boy died in Gaza .
In Ramallah , protesters set fire to tires before being driven back by Israeli forces .
U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan met today with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat .
Annan returned to Gaza after meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and consulting by phone with President Clinton .
Arafat is pushing Annan to appoint an international commission to look into the violence .
In Moscow , the espionage trial of U.S. businessman Edmond Pope will be postponed for at least two days because of his health .
Pope doubled over with back and joint pain during a lunch break today , and was rushed to a prison clinic .
The 54 - year - old has been in remission from bone cancer , but his relatives worry it has resurfaced .
The retired U.S. Navy officer is accused of trying to buy classified plans for a high - speed Russian torpedo .
President Clinton is continuing his long - distance diplomatic efforts .
He spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak today , urging a full implementation of the agreement reached at the emergency summit in Egypt .
President Clinton spoke with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Friday .
He 's urging both sides to return to the negotiating table `` sooner rather than later . ''
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak has met with the opposition Likud Party leader to discuss forming a unity government .
Palestinians are warning against such a coalition because Likud opposes peace talks .
As the chief Palestinian negotiator puts it , bringing Likud into the government would be `` a bullet of mercy for the peace process . ''
Palestinian hospital officials say four Palestinians were killed yesterday and two others died of their wounds today .
Israeli helicopter gunships fired on one Palestinian town and later cut off the area .
Israel has also shut down the Gaza airport .
135 people have been killed in the recent violence , all but nine of them Palestinians or Israeli Arabs .
The violence did continue Friday in the West Bank .
Two Palestinians were killed during a gun battle with Israeli troops .
In Jerusalem , witnesses said Israeli police seized two Arab teens throwing stones at the U.S. Consulate and hit them while holding them in a chokehold .
Israeli tank crews also fired machine guns into a crowd during a clash with Palestinians in Ramallah .
No casualties were reported .
In Gaza , Palestinian police say demonstrators set fire to several buildings , including a liquor store , several bars and a hotel .
Nearly 100 people have been killed in more than two weeks of clashes .
Most of the victims are Palestinians .
In Yugoslavia , at least six cities lost power today in an attempt by striking coal miners to get President Slobodan Milosevic to admit defeat in recent elections .
In the capital Belgrade , students and opposition party supporters rallied as the government warned of a crackdown on so - called `` subversives . ''
Businesses and factories also closed in support of opposition candidate Vojislav Kostunica .
The Yugoslav Election Commission claims he did not win more than 50 % of the vote .
A runoff election is set for October .
The investigation into the bombing of the `` USS Cole '' is turning up new leads every day , but the identities of the culprits remain unknown .
Walter Rodgers reports .
A Yemeni fishing boat passes the crippled destroyer `` Cole '' .
With no Coast Guard and 2,000 miles of coastline , Yemen appears to have been an ideal location to strike an American warship in port to refuel .
Historically boats get in and out of these waters easily .
There is a long tradition of smuggling here and privately U.S. officials do not believe the attack on the `` Cole '' was hatched in Yemen , but elsewhere in the Islamic world .
Navy divers are still working the waters trying to recover clues .
They are , according to sources , looking for the body parts of those who pilotted a small boat into the port side of the `` Cole '' nearly sinking it .
I will tell you we are a long way from any conclusions , a long way from preliminary conclusions .
There are a lot of rumors going around , speculation going around , but there have been no conclusions yet .
About six miles from the crippled `` Cole '' U.S. investigators have pitched tents instant crime labs along the boat ramp from which the suicide attack was launched .
At the house where the explosive device was believed to have been FBI agents have removed a great deal of evidence .
Yemeni police also believe they have found three other locations in this neighborhood also used by the bombers .
So far , the investigation is still limited to this port city of Aden .
One U.S. official said the numbers of those detained or being questioned is now in three figures .
It 's still way too early to talk about American retaliation for the `` Cole '' , because it 's still not known who to retaliate against .
In the words of one senior official here `` no one has ever seen an operation quite like this before . ''
Walter Rodgers , CNN , Aden , Yemen .
A major turning point in U.S. - China relations .
President Clinton is expected to sign a bill today granting China permanent normal trade relations with the United States .
He has invited key members of Congress to a signing ceremony at the White House this afternoon .
The measure will end 20 years of review , and guarantees China the low tariffs almost all other nations receive .
In exchange , China will open a wide range of markets .
That clears the way for Beijing to join the World Trade Organization .
The House passed the bill in May , the Senate last month .
Bloodshed continues in the Mideast in spite of Israeli efforts to prevent violence by sealing off Palestinian territories .
Stone - throwing Palestinians confronted Israeli troops protecting a Jewish settlement in Gaza .
Reports say six Palestinians have been killed today in clashes on the West Bank and in the Gaza Strip .
Earlier , Palestinian security forces intervened in a confrontation at a Jerusalem site revered by both sides .
Control of the shrine has been bitterly disputed .
Israeli police fired tear gas at stone - throwing protesters .
Palestinian police kept the clash from escalating .
The Senate has overwhelmingly approved an agriculture spending bill that includes a provision to ease trade sanctions against China .
The measure allows the sale of food and medicine to Cuba for the first time in 40 years .
It prohibits public or private U.S. financial institutions from financing the sales .
As a result , Cuba will have to pay cash or get credit from a third country to buy U.S. products .
President Clinton has said he will sign it .
In Havana , 800,000 Cubans , led by Fidel Castro , marched in protest .
They insist the bill would actually toughen the embargo , primarily by making U.S. travel to the island more difficult .
Rules that generally ban tourism to Cuba would become law .
WorldCom posted a 26 % increase in its quarterly earnings , helped by strong international sales .
The second biggest long - distance phone company said it would unveil a restructuring plan next week that will concentrate on its internet operations and hopefully boost its sagging stock price .
Shares of WorldCom have fallen more than 50 % since the beginning of this year .
The Chicago suburb of Arlington Heights is the first stop for George W. Bush today .
As part of his Barnstorm for Reform tour , he is joined by Republican governors from Connecticut , South Dakota , and Montana .
The message for the morning was education reform .
The Texas governor stops in Gore 's home state of Tennessee this afternoon for remarks at a middle school .
Tonight , Bush holds what 's called a victory rally in Jacksonville , Florida .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak told his Cabinet he would declare a `` time - out '' to re-evaluate the Mideast peace process , in light of recent events .
Still , he says , `` Israel will continue to pursue peace and every path that leads to it . ''
He did not say when the time - out would begin or how long it would last .
Experts say there 's no accurate or useful way to profile the personality of a child that might commit violent acts .
That 's according to a new study from the Secret Service on school violence .
It shows that attackers , like the two who killed 13 people at Columbine High School last year in Colorado , come from a variety of family and ethnic backgrounds .
Academic performance ranged from excellent to failure .
Some -- so far only boys , were considered loners , others popular .
Behavioral problems were common among some children , but others had no such history .
Experts say the study 's information is still useful .
It 's really a fact - based report , and with these facts , a school can move out and actually do prevention , and some of that prevention is to realize that there are boys out there who are in pain who will just mention it slightly because they are afraid to talk about it , and the school can do something about that .
They can respond in a supportive shame - free way and help that boy out before he moves on to targeted violence , instead of saying , Boys will be boys or all boys say these things , so let 's just forget about it .
The study also found more than half the students who perpetrated attacks were motivated by revenge and had a history of gun use .
A new project encouraging rooftop gardens in Chicago is bringing new meaning to the term `` urban jungle . ''
The roof of City Hall is being transformed into an urban oasis .
Rooftops normally absorb the hot sun and heat up the air in cities which can make pollution worse .
The project is part of a federal government study to see if rooftop gardens can have the opposite effect .
George W. Bush is campaigning in the hotly contested Sunshine State today .
Bush is stumping with his brother Jeb , who is governor of the state .
Also on hand , Arizona Senator John M Cain .
Meanwhile , Gore is expected to deliver what aides are calling a major speech on education in Tennessee this morning .
The Vice President is campaigning with running mate Joe Lieberman .
Polls in Gore 's home state show him nearly even with Bush .
Nationwide , the race appears to be seesawing back and forth .
We have not seen the lead change hands , after Labor Day , according to the Gallup Poll , in a presidential election since 1980 .
This is the first time .
In 1984 , 1988 , 1992 and 1996 , the candidate who was ahead on Labor Day never went behind .
Now , unless I 've lost track , because it 's been a little hard to keep track , today is the fifth lead change in Gallup polling after Labor Day between Gore and Bush .
The lead did change hands .
Yesterday 's CNN / `` USA Today '' / Gallup tracking poll shows Gore with a slight edge for the first time in two weeks .
The new numbers show that if the election were held today , 46 % of the likely voters questioned would choose Gore .
45 % would choose Bush , but the pollsters say the change is statistically insignificant when the margin of error is considered .
Yemen is again the site of a possible terrorist attack .
Early this morning , an explosion shattered the British embassy and neighboring buildings in Yemen 's capital .
Embassy officials say no one was hurt .
The cause of the blast is not immediately known , but British Foreign Secretary Robin Cook says it appears a bomb was thrown over a wall into the embassy area .
Cook tells Britain 's Sky News the bomb seems to have landed close to a diesel generator , causing a large explosion .
He says the blast seems more opportunistic than professional .
Five years ago today , the O.J. Simpson trial ended with an acquittal .
In today 's edition of `` Headliners , '' Bob Glascoff looks at the life of the lead prosecutor in the case , and what she 's doing now .
Not guilty of the crime of murder .
On this day in 1995 , O.J. Simpson was acquitted of the 1994 murders of his ex-wife Nicole and her friend Ron Goldman .
The trial thrust chief prosecutor Marcia Clark into the spotlight .
Clark graduated from UCLA in 1974 , earning her law degree five years later .
She joined the Los Angeles district attorney 's office in 1981 after spending two years as a criminal defense attorney .
Clark gained reputation for her expertise in forensic evidence , handling at least 60 jury trials , 20 involving murder , before taking on the Simpson case .
Her efforts helped convict the Robert John Bardo of the stalking murder of actress Rebecca Schaeffer , but the Simpson trial and the jury 's findings marked a turning point in the career of the twice - divorced mother of two .
Since the trial , she 's published the best - selling book `` Without a Doubt , '' about her experience on the Simpson case .
These days , Clark practices family law in L.A. and has made frequent appearances on network television .
With `` Headliners , '' I 'm Bob Glascoff .
The FBI is reportedly performing DNA test on human remains from last month 's bombing of the `` USS Cole . ''
They 're trying to confirm the identities of two men believed to be responsible for the attack .
17 Americans were killed when a small boat carrying two men exploded next to the `` Cole '' as it was refueling in Yemen .
Comments come from General Shelten who says the U.S. might retaliate with cruise missiles or other weapons if it finds out who is responsible .
As the damaged `` USS Cole '' is being returned home on a salvage ship , CNN has learned C explosive was used to bomb the Navy destroyer .
C is manufactured in the United States and other countries such as Austria and Iran .
Sources say identification of the explosive will allow authorities to focus on terrorist groups that have access to it .
CNN has obtained photographs which show the extent of the damage to the `` Cole . ''
The Navy now estimates the size of the hole in the ship 's hull is 40 feet high and 60 feet wide .
That 's 20 feet bigger than initially reported .
Repairs could run as high as $ 170 million .
17 sailors died in the bombing .
Duane Walker , `` CNN Headline Sports . ''
Week ten of the NFL season , and for the first time in a Washington Redskins uniform , Jeff George will get the starting nod at quarterback against the Arizona Cardinals .
Brad Johnson is out because of a sprained knee ligament .
I would think where we 're at that Brad will be out of the game .
I mean , I 'd like him to at least be able to dress , but I 'm not sure he 'll even be able to do that .
If we where he s and be an emergency third , that would probably be the best we could hope for .
The U.S. government is warning American citizens living and traveling abroad to be on alert as violence continues in the Mideast .
The confrontations are casting a shadow over Mideast peace talks in Paris .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak have been attending talks separately .
They are scheduled to hold another summit tomorrow in Egypt , but Palestinian sources say Arafat wo n't return to the table until three conditions are met .
He wants the Israelis to end the fighting , remove Israeli tanks and helicopter gunships from Palestinian residential areas and agree to an international investigation into the violence .
The Israeli government has rejected the notion of an international commission .
Two Palestinians were killed in clashes overnight .
Shooting also erupted near a Jewish settlement in the Gaza .
In the West Bank , a passenger was wounded when an Israeli bus came under fire .
58 people have been killed in six days of fighting .
Israel withdrew its soldiers from a holy site in Jerusalem .
It 's been the scene of fierce clashes between Israelis and Palestinians over the past week .
Responsibility for guarding the site has been handed over to Palestinian authorities .
Israel says one of its border policeman was shot and wounded during the night time evacuation .
On Friday , stone - throwing Palestinians confronted Israeli troops protecting a Jewish settlement in Gaza .
Reports say six Palestinians were killed Friday in clashes on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip .
Former Russian President Boris Yeltsin takes readers behind closed doors at the Kremlin in his new book .
Yeltsin writes in `` Midnight Diaries '' that he received intelligence reports about the Monica Lewinsky scandal before it went public , but he chose not to warn President Clinton .
He says he `` thought Clinton could handle it himself . ''
Yeltsin also admits he was drunk when he grabbed a baton and struck up a military orchestra in Berlin six years ago .
In Yemen , U.S. investigators have been blocked from interviewing potential witnesses about the bombing of the `` USS Cole . ''
FBI director Louis Freeh , and Secretary of State Madeleine Albright , are calling on Yemen 's President for more cooperation .
They thanked the country for help in gathering forensic evidence , but say the investigation must now move to the next phase .
Yemeni authorities have been questioning potential witnesses .
The `` USS Cole '' will begin its trip home next week .
The destroyer is still at port in Yemen , where it was bombed October .
We are now getting the first closeup view of the damage .
These pictures were obtained by the National Security News Service , an independent Pentagon watchdog group .
The Pentagon has refused to allow the media to get close to the inside of the damaged area .
A U.S. official says , recent reports about Saudi dissident Osama Bin Laden and his possible role in the `` Cole '' attack are unfounded .
The official says investigators do not have `` specific '' or `` reliable '' evidence Bin Laden financed the attack or sent an agent to oversee it .
A memorial service is under way at the Norfolk Naval Air Station for the 17 U.S. sailors killed last week in the terrorist bombing of the `` USS Cole . ''
The service is being held at pier 12 in the shadow of docked warships .
President Clinton took part in the memorial , accompanied by Defense Secretary William Cohen and Joint Chiefs chairman General Hugh Shelton .
Also present are several of the 39 `` Cole '' crew members who were wounded in the blast .
President Clinton met privately with those sailors this morning to thank them for their service to the nation .
Mr. Clinton is vowing that those responsible for the bombing will be brought to justice .
To those who attacked them , we say , You will not find a safe harbor , we will find you , and justice will prevail .
America will not stop standing guard for peace or freedom or stability in the Middle East and around the world .
The attack took place as the `` Cole '' was refueling at Aden , Yemen .
The explosion blew a foot hole in the midsection of the destroyer .
FBI director Louis Freeh is flying to Yemen to meet with the investigators who are working to determine who was responsible .
Yemeni authorities questioned members of Islamic militant groups yesterday , and investigators said significant leads had been developed .
U.S. officials tell CNN bomb - making materials were found at an apartment in Yemen but gave no details .
Evidence gathered by the investigators is being sent to Washington for analysis at the FBI crime lab .
Thanks for joining us .
Our top story -- as early as Saturday , Yugoslavia could officially be under new leadership .
Friday , Slobodan Milosevic conceded defeat in last month 's presidential election and congratulated his successor , Vojislav Kostunica .
Kostunica appeared again Friday on Serbian television , saying Yugoslavia 's military is agreeing to obey the new democracy .
He also said he met face - to - face with Milosevic , but , he did not give details about their discussion .
Kostunica 's inauguration could take place Saturday if enough parliament members attend a special quorum to swear him in .
After congratulating Kostunica on his win , Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov also met with Milosevic .
Ivanov says he told Milosevic Yugoslavia needs a peaceful transition of power .
In a taped address on Serbian television , Milosevic expressed gratitude to those who voted in the election and wished his country success with its new leader .
He says he plans to remain in Yugoslavia and in politics , a move that 's being criticized by the United States .
Former NFL star Dan Marino is presiding as the grand marshal of the annual New York Columbus Day parade .
Marino is leading a star - studded political cast , including Mayor Rudy Giuliani and former presidential candidate John M Cain .
U.S. Senate hopefuls Rick Lazio and Hillary Clinton are marching , too .
The parade route was altered this year to avoid disturbing worshipers at a Jewish temple during the observance of Yom Kippur .
Tanks are blocking a main thoroughfare in Gaza following a suicide bombing today .
A young Palestinian man loaded a bicycle with explosives and headed toward an Israeli military outpost .
He hit defensive barriers nearby and blew himself up .
One Israeli soldier was slightly hurt .
Reuters News Service says it has received a letter from the militant group Islamic Jihad claiming responsibility .
A one - time federal judge who has seen the law from both sides of the bench is now hoping to keep his job making laws .
Bob Glascoff has the story in today 's edition of `` Headliners . ''
On October 1989 , Judge Alcee Hastings is convicted of perjury and conspiracy and impeached by the Senate .
Appointed to the federal bench in 1979 , he was charged two years later with conspiracy to accept a bribe in a case he presided over in Miami .
He was acquitted by a jury in 1983 , but a panel of judges reopened the case four years later , accusing him of both the original crime and lying about it under oath .
The House impeached him and the Senate convicted and removed Hastings from office in 1989 .
Three years later , his conviction was reversed .
Two months after that , he was elected to a newly drawn district in Ft. Lauderdale .
He is currently serving his fourth term in office and is up for re-election this fall .
With `` Headliners , '' I 'm Bob Glascoff .
Our top story is a summit with a daunting task -- how to end Israeli - Palestinian violence that has killed 100 people in the last two weeks .
President Clinton is expected to leave for Egypt , site of the summit , this afternoon .
He 'll join Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat tomorrow at what 's expected to be a one - day meeting .
Mr. Clinton says the goal of the summit is to stop the violence , agree on a `` fact finding mechanism '' to look into what caused the unrest and get back on the peace track .
United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan today discussed plans for the summit with the host , Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak .
Afterwards , he said the crisis in the Middle East was a threat with implications beyond the region , with possible negative effects on oil prices and the world economy .
Both sides are pessimistic about the outcome of the summit .
Barak told his cabinet he believes the Palestinian leadership is not ready to make compromises that would bring lasting peace .
He said U.S. help will continue to be crucial .
I believe that an end to violence could be accomplished , and in a way should be accomplished .
I believe that the mechanism for making kind of tighter control , maybe American , Israeli , Palestinian mechanism to make sure that the security understandings are working .
Palestinian leaders are also issuing a bleak forecast .
One senior negotiator urged everyone not to have high expectations .
A Palestinian Council member says anger is growing .
Even the language betrays a sort of racist mentality , where they view the Palestinian people as either a regimented army or a herd of sheep to be given orders and to be led blindly .
No , the Palestinian people have a will of their own .
They have been long victimized .
They have suffered under the peace process and under the Israeli occupation , in a way which is most brutal and violent .
The Israelis have been using the peace process as a cover to perpetuate the occupation , and , therefore , the feelings of grievance , anger , justice , and victimization have been breaking up .
President Clinton has invited Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to a meeting in Washington .
November Arafat tells CNN he hopes to go , but the date may conflict with a planned event at the upcoming Islamic countries summit in Qatar .
Mr. Clinton has not yet invited Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak , but a spokesman for Barak says if he 's invited , the Prime Minister would go to Washington a couple of days after Arafat .
WorldCom hits Wall Street with two big announcements .
I 'm Myron Kandel at the CNNFN newsdesk in New York .
The nation 's second biggest long distance phone company cut its revenue and profit growth outlooks through next year .
It blames competitive pressures and increased expenses .
WorldCom also confirms its restructuring of the company and creating two tracking stocks .
One called WorldCom will follow the faster growing data and internet business .
The other , called MCI , will track the company 's long distance units .
WorldCom 's rival , AT&T , announced a similar restructuring plan last week .
The bodies of the final four sailors recovered from the `` USS Cole '' returned home today .
A plane carrying the remains arrived at Dover Air Force Base in Delaware .
17 sailors were killed in the apparent terrorist attack at a port in Yemen ten days ago .
Yugoslavia 's new President , Vojislav Kostunica , is still having trouble consolidating his power .
Kostunica 's supporters and allies of Slobodan Milosevic failed to agree today on a transitional government and a new election in Yugoslavia 's main republic , Serbia .
Kostunica is enjoying more success abroad .
He got some support today as he attended a summit of European Union leaders in France .
The EU promised Yugoslavia $ 175 million in aid without attaching conditions .
Yugoslavian President Slobodan Milosevic is warning of the consequences of an opposition victory in an upcoming runoff election .
In a televised address today , Milosevic predicted an opposition takeover would bring about the breakup of Yugoslavia .
Milosevic 's comments come as opposition forces are organizing nationwide strikes aimed at forcing him to step down .
Hundreds of cars , trucks and buses are lining up at major intersections , and most taxi drivers are refusing to work .
Opposition leaders claim Milosevic rigged last week 's presidential vote .
Overnight , thousands of workers abandoned their jobs at two important coal mines and an oil refinery , and that could lead to power and fuel shortages .
Yugoslav election officials have scheduled a runoff for Sunday , saying Milosevic 's challenger , Vojislav Kostunica , did n't achieve the required majority of votes .
Tommy Lee Jones may start chasing after an accused criminal once more .
He 's in talks to star in `` The Hunted , '' and that would pair him again with director William Friedkin .
The duo just teamed on `` Rules of Engagement . ''
Jones would play a famous FBI tracker leading a manhunt for a killer .
Lots of people go out for a jog to keep fit .
Lots more of us should , but one man is taking that activity to new extremes .
Ben Bradley of Chicago affiliate CLTV has the story .
Rick Henry is not your average Monday morning commuter .
I 'm sure I 'll be sore .
Rick ran the Chicago Marathon Sunday , but that was just a warm - up .
A warm - up for a run around the world .
To kind of go after any goal , you have to be able to envision it .
You have to be able to see it .
You have to be able to break it apart and put it back together .
Horn honks .
With applause and well wishes from family and friends , Rick is now well on his way .
He 's been running since he was a kid .
Now the University of Illinois in Chicago is making him the subject of a human endurance test , first to see if it is physically possible to run around the globe , then to see how the body holds up .
It comes with a price .
You know , obviously the training 's been difficult , and you kind of trade in the usual and customary life , you know , for the strange and unusual .
Rick plans on running about 30 to 50 miles a day , 1,000 miles a month .
At that rate , it 'll take him about 18 months to get around the world .
I 'm scared .
I 'm nervous .
I pray a lot .
Cheers and applause .
Rick also has the prayers of the students and staff at Nazareth Academy .
It 's where he went to high school , and it was his first rest stop .
I ca n't say enough about healthy lifestyles , healthy choices .
Now , he is back on the road , running towards his goal of doing something no person has done before .
It 's just kind of like feeling like an explorer or something .
You get a chance to experience the world in a different kind of way .
That report courtesy of Ben Bradley of Chicago affiliate CLTV .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is calling for an official `` timeout '' in peace talks with the Palestinians .
The decision was announced following an Israeli cabinet meeting today .
He did n't say when the time - out would begin .
The statement from Barak 's office said Israel needed a timeout to `` reassess the peace process because of the continuing violence . ''
Researchers studied children under a age of 5 .
Half of them get the flu .
While unvaccinated kids bring it home and infect brothers and sisters , a vaccinated child helps reduce the risk by 80 % .
Flu shots reduce the need for antibiotics and health care costs .
This is published in `` the Journal of the American Medical Association . ''
The new President of Yugoslavia is preparing to set up a new government .
Vojislav Kostunica is meeting with his team today with the goal of getting rid of as many old faces as possible while placating those still loyal to ousted leader Slobodan Milosevic .
Kostunica says he wo n't turn Milosevic over to a tribunal in The Netherlands where he was indicted as a war criminal .
President Clinton has cancelled all of his plans for the day so he can stay in Washington and monitor developments in the Middle East .
He was supposed to attend fund - raisers in Ohio .
This morning he spoke to Ehud Barak and Yasser Arafat .
He also talked with the Egyptian President .
Mr. Clinton is trying to break an impasse between .
The U.N. Security Council is considering a resolution condemning what it calls `` excessive violence against the Palestinians . ''
The U.S. is concerned it could make it more difficult to end the violence , because the wording blames Israel .
Israeli intelligence agents have captured 16 Palestinians believed involved in the mob killings of two Israeli soldiers .
Sources tell CNN the suspects were arrested in the West Bank town of Ramallah and taken back to Israel for trial .
The murdered Israeli soldiers became lost after making a wrong turn .
When Palestinian police took them to a police station in Ramallah , a mob overran the station and killed them , throwing one soldier 's body from a window .
The Pentagon is urging U.S. military commanders to strengthen anti-terrorist measures in the wake of the `` USS Cole '' attack .
Defense Secretary William Cohen and Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman General Henry Shelton made the plea in a video teleconference with American commanders .
17 sailors were killed and 39 wounded when the `` Cole '' was attacked as it refueled in the port of Aden , Yemen .
U.S. officials are denying a newspaper report that claims intelligence agencies have obtained hard evidence linking Saudi terrorist Osama Bin Laden to the bombing .
`` USA Today '' reports some evidence that has been uncovered shows Bin Laden financed the attack and assigned one of his top assistants to supervise it .
Russian Navy officials have halted attempts to recover bodies from the sunken nuclear submarine , the `` Kursk . ''
They say jagged metal at the site makes it too dangerous for divers to continue .
A Russian government commission is planning to meet tomorrow to decide on any further salvage efforts .
12 of the es the vessel have been recovered .
Secret new evidence has prompted another delay in the trial of two Libyans accused of bombing Pan Am Flight 103 .
Tom Mintier has details .
Already in its sixth month , the Lockerbie trial of two Libyans accused of blowing up Pan Am Flight 103 over Scotland 12 years ago is moving at a snail 's pace .
The latest series of delays come as new information has been revealed to the defense by the prosecution .
Such a move in the middle of a trial is considered highly unusual unless the information is so sensitive it could harm the case if not revealed during the trial .
The information includes details of six new potential witnesses and other information from six countries on three different continents .
It is not yet clear whether the new information will help or hurt the case against the two Libyans accused of blowing up the airplane .
Prosecutors have handed over a file described in court as being an inch thick .
Defense lawyers say the new information , if true , will have the greatest conceivable effect on the trial .
Two weeks ago , prosecutors revealed the existence of the new information and just this Monday , handed it over to defense lawyers .
Teams of investigators have now fanned out to conduct interviews related to this new information for the defense team .
That information could cause the trial to be delayed even further .
The defense team has already told the court that more time may be required to react to the new information .
So far , the three Scottish judges sitting to hear this case have not been told any of the details of the new information .
That may change next week if and when another delay in the trial is requested by the defense .
Just how important is the new information ?
That is difficult to say , because so far , only investigators and lawyers for the defense and prosection know what it is .
In court on Tuesday , one of the lawyers for the defense defended all the secrecy saying , `` lives are in danger . ''
At one time , there were predictions that this trial would be completed before November and the U.S. elections for President .
Now it is looking more likely to spill into the new year , but no one is exactly willing to say which new year .
Tom Mintier , CNN , Camp Zeist , The Netherlands .
The Federal Reserve considers interest rates , and some key economic reports come out this week .
Kitty Pilgrim has more in today 's edition of `` Ahead of the Curve . ''
Wall Street will be on Fed watch this week .
On Tuesday , the Federal Reserve Open Market Committee meets for the final time this year to discuss interest rates .
Recent economic reports indicate the economy is slowing , leading analysts to believe that the Fed will most likely ease the inflation - fighting policy and take a more neutral stance .
Now , the Fed has held rates steady in its last four meetings .
Also Tuesday , October international trade figures are out .
The deficit is expected to drop from September 's record high of $ 34.3 billion , to just over $ 33 billion .
Also this week , November housing starts , which are forecast to hold steady , and the revised third - quarter gross domestic product is expected to remain in line with previous figures , up to .4 % .
Rounding out the week , November personal income and outlays figures and November durable goods .
Personal income and spending are both expected to rise , and sales of durable goods should climb slightly for the month , as well .
To stay `` Ahead of the Curve '' all week long , watch `` The Moneyline News Hour '' with Willow Bay and Stewart Varney , week nights at on CNN .
Kitty Pilgrim , `` CNN Financial News , '' New York .
President Clinton concedes a Mideast peace agreement before he leaves office is unlikely , but he says he will continue to try to narrow the differences between Israeli and Palestinian leaders in the last days of his administration .
Both sides have agreed in principle to Mr. Clinton 's framework for peace , but with reservations .
Up to six people in Yemen could be tried for the deadly attack on the `` USS Cole . ''
Yemeni police have turned over their names and evidence to a prosecutor .
Yemen 's Prime Minister says at least three could go on trial next month .
The FBI is not commenting .
In October , two suicide bombers blasted a huge hole in the side of `` Cole '' as it sat in the port of Aden .
The explosion killed 17 sailors and wounded 39 .
Those developments come amid word the Pentagon is beefing up U.S. military personnel and patrol boats in the Persian Gulf .
Officials say they are being sent to strengthen security at ports used by Navy ships .
The `` Cole '' is expected to arrive back in the U.S. next week .
A Russian cargo ship is heading for the doomed Mir space station to guide it back to Earth .
The unmanned rocket blasted off this morning from Kazakhstan and is scheduled to dock with Mir early Saturday .
The rocket is carrying extra fuel that will be used to fire Mir 's thrusters and push the station into Earth 's atmosphere .
If all goes as planned , most of Mir will burn up on re-entry .
The remaining parts should fall into the Pacific Ocean .
A series of accidents have raised safety concerns about the 15 - year - old space station , leading Russia to end Mir 's run .
Major announcement from Israel today .
Former Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says he will not run for his old job .
He says the current excess of parties in parliament makes it hard to form a stable , long - lasting coalition .
The statement came after members of parliament refused to call elections for themselves .
Netanyahu 's withdrawal leaves Likud leader Ariel Sharon as the only candidate running against Prime Minister Ehud Barak , but former Prime Minister Shimon Peres tells Israeli radio he 's considering running .
The special election was called when Barak unexpectedly resigned earlier this month .
It will most likely take place February .
Palestinian President Yasser Arafat is turning to Russia for help in ending the Mideast violence .
Arafat plans to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin tomorrow in Moscow .
Russia is a co-sponsor of the Middle East peace process , but has traditionally played a secondary role to the United States .
Israel 's Labor Party has named Ehud Barak its candidate for Prime Minister .
Hours before the announcement , Barak tendered his resignation from the post , a move that forces a special election within 60 days .
He 'll remain in office until that election is held .
The opposition Likud party has not yet named a candidate for Prime Minister .
Russia is denying reports that it has moved short - range nuclear weapons to one of its military bases in the Baltics .
The Associated Press quotes senior Clinton administration officials as saying , the missiles were removed in recent months .
`` The Washington Times '' reports the missiles have been positioned at the Baltic Sea port base of Kaliningrad , a thin sliver of Russian territory that is the headquarters of the Russian Baltic Fleet .
Officials in the Baltic states of Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania said they could not confirm the reports .
The EPA has announced new rules to cut truck and bus pollution .
They will apply to new trucks and replacement engines sold beginning in late 2006 .
The rules will toughen emission standards and will require diesel fuel to be made with almost no sulfur .
Anybody who has ever driven behind a large truck or bus knows all too well the foul smell , the grimey residue of diesel exhaust .
The cloud that follows is not only dirty , smoky , cough inducing , it is a real threat to our health and environment .
Premature deaths including cancers , respiratory illness , acid rain , asthma attacks , especially in our children .
The goal is to cut dirty air from trucks and buses by 90 % over the next decade .
Experts say a reduction like that would be equal to taking 13 million trucks off the road .
An oil spill off the coast of South America , along the Galapagos Island chain has clean - up crews scrambling to contain the spill and save rare wildlife .
Annabel Roberts reports .
The oil has leaked from the ship that ran aground half a mile off the shore of the protected Galapagos Islands .
In just two days , more than 150,000 gallons of diesel have spilled into the sea .
Locals have tried to contain the slick with floating barriers but it has already spread to nearby beaches affecting the wildlife .
Environmentalists are trying to clean the oil from scene birds that have been contaminated .
Officials estimate the slick now covers almost 390 square miles of sea .
The island 's a home to many rare species of wildlife .
Charles Darwin researched here 160 years ago when developing his theory of evolution .
Even today , the animals are isolated from human interference as tourism here is restricted .
American pollution experts have been drafted in to help .
One concern is the oil will sink to the ocean floor and destroy algae .
The bottom line is that once oil gets out of a ship , it is virtually impossible to remove it or contain it on the open ocean .
There are still 6,000 gallons of diesel aboard the `` Jessica . ''
Crews are trying to remove the remaining tanks .
A government spokesman has blamed this disaster on the ship 's captain saying she ran aground because he was navigating in shallow waters without a map .
Anna Bell Roberts , ITN .
It will likely cost more money to fix the `` USS Cole '' than was first thought .
The Navy has sent Congress a revised repair estimate of $ 240 million .
Earlier , the Navy put the figure at $ 150 million to $ 170 million .
The destroyer was damaged October in a suicide bombing in Yemen .
17 sailors were killed and 39 others injured .
The `` Cole '' is due to arrive in Mississippi in a little more than a week for repairs .
Russian President Vladimir Putin says he will pardon and release American businessman Edmond Pope .
A Russian court convicted Pope Wednesday on espionage charges and sentenced him to 20 years in prison .
Pope denied the charges and appealed to Putin for clemency saying he needs urgent medical aid .
He has suffered from a rare type of bone cancer .
The Pennsylvania man has been jailed in Russia since April on charges he tried to obtain secret plans for a high - speed torpedo .
Pope , who runs a technology information company , insisted the plans were freely available .
The Clinton administration is praising the decision to release Pope .
United Nations health officials say the infection rate for new AIDS cases has remained constant , but the death rate is up .
According to the World Health Organization , 36 million people worldwide are now infected with HIV , the virus that causes AIDS .
The organization estimates there will be 5.3 million new cases this year .
An estimated 3 million people will die from AIDS this year .
That 's expected to bring the total deaths worldwide to nearly 22 million people .
U.S. and Yemeni officials have released a photo of one of the suicide bombers killed in the attack on the `` USS Cole '' in the port of Aden October .
17 U.S. sailors were killed and 39 others hurt .
The officials say Yemeni national Hussan Saeed Awad Al - khamri was described by a boy as having launched the boat used in the attack .
Six possible suspects are still being held in Yemen pending a trial that could start as early as next month .
Investigators say they 're still looking for other key suspects .
A Pentagon official says Defense Secretary William Cohen may ask for a broader review of the `` USS Cole '' suicide bombing .
Specifically , he wants to know if other officers in the chain of command above the ship 's captain should be held accountable for security lapses .
A Navy inquiry under way is looking at the ship 's self - protection plan .
According to `` the Washington Post , '' the officer in charge of the inquiry says no one should be punished for security lapses .
17 sailors lost their lives in the attack .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators have postponed a meeting today in the wake of new violence .
A clash in the West Bank left a Palestinian dead and nine injured .
A Jewish settler , who Israeli authorities believe was kidnapped , was found dead outside his settlement in Gaza .
The Israeli government has closed the roads into and out of Gaza in the wake of the killing .
Negotiators are scheduled to resume talks tomorrow .
Judges in the Netherlands are refusing to dismiss charges against one of two defendants in the Lockerbie bombing trial .
The judges have rejected defense arguments that prosecutors failed to link the man to the explosion that brought down Pan Am Flight 103 .
The suspect is one of two Libyan nationals charged with planting a bomb on board .
270 people were killed when the plane exploded over Lockerbie , Scotland , 12 years ago .
The prosecution rested its case last week after five months of hearings .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is rejecting calls for a quick settlement with Palestinians to end the outbreak of violence in the Middle East .
During a meeting of his cabinet , Barak criticized members of his own political party who have urged him to finalize an agreement before President Clinton leaves office next month .
He declared that any attempt to `` dictate dates '' is `` bad for Israel . ''
The U.S. Ambassador to Yemen is safe after a plane hijacking in Yemen .
A man claiming to be an Iraqi supporter of President Saddam Hussein hijacked the flight with 91 passengers on board , demanding to be flown to Baghdad .
The pilot managed to land the plane in Djibouti , where most of the passengers got off , including the ambassador .
Witnesses say the hijacker was then overpowered by the crew and taken into custody .
Ehud Barak is talking to his team today .
He called a time - out after three days of talks in the Egyptian resort of Tabah .
Even if Barak decides to go ahead with the talks , they would not restart before tomorrow 's funerals for the two slain Israelis .
One of four men on trial in the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa is asking the judge to throw out his confession .
The Saudi man says U.S. authorities threatened to hang him if he did n't cooperate .
He had admitted to throwing a stun grenade at a guard outside the U.S. embassy in Kenya just before the explosion .
U.S. government officials say the man 's confession was voluntary .
224 people were killed and more than 5,000 wounded in the 1998 blasts in Kenya and Tanzania .
While much of the country is in a deep freeze , an annual report on the climate shows the United States has had its share of warm weather this year .
Natalie Pawelski has details .
Look outside right now and you might not believe it , but snow or no , around the globe the year 2000 is one of the warmest on record .
For the globe as a whole , we 're looking at around the fifth warmest year on record .
With two weeks to go , all the returns are n't all in yet , but weather pundits are projecting a swing to the warm on the domestic front , too .
From January through October in the United States , this year was the hottest on record , featuring widespread wildfires and drought .
As the effects of the La Ni a weather system disappeared , things cooled down at year 's end , but even so , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration figures the year will go into the American record books somewhere between the and the hottest on U.S. record .
We are seeing global warming .
The scientists tell us they simply can not explain the patterns of temperature that we see and the trends without including the impacts of human intervention in the climate .
Global warming wo n't keep you cozy over the next few months , though .
Forecasters are calling for colder - than - average temperatures in the Midwest and Mountain West , warmer in the southern tier of states .
Over all , a more - or - less normal winter .
But normal may not be what you think .
Most people , when they think of normals , think of the last three years and it 's been pretty mild the last three years .
Translation , for most Americans -- bundle up , and have shovels and sleds at the ready .
Natalie Pawelski , CNN .
A United Nations report on AIDS finds the number of people infected with HIV worldwide is growing , but there 's a decrease of new cases in Sub-saharan Africa .
According to the report , there are 36.1 million people around the world 25 million of those cases can be found in Africa .
About 5.3 million were infected this year .
Women account for 47 % of HIV - positive adults .
The disease is spread mainly through sex and needle sharing .
The report says the world 's richest countries are becoming complacent because of the treatments available .
The United Nations is denying Iraqi claims that the two are in urgent talks to settle a dispute .
Iraq halted oil exports five days ago .
Baghdad is insisting that its customers pay a 50 cent surcharge on every barrel of oil .
It 's also threatening to boycott the sale of oil to countries it views as hostile .
It did n't give any specific examples , but the United States is an obvious target .
Iraq is the sixth largest supplier of crude oil to the U.S. .
In a move to force a special election , Ehud Barak has formally resigned as Prime Minister of Israel .
He plans to run in a parliamentary election within two months .
Barak will remain in office until the election .
Opposition leaders criticized the move , saying the Prime Minister is trying to avoid a showdown .
We try to prevent any way of competing against Mr. Netanyahu .
I think that maybe he now has more chance than he had before , but I want to assure him that no matter who is going to be our candidate , we will be back in power , while the Likud will be back in power .
Opposition leaders criticized the move , saying the Prime Minister is trying to avoid a showdown with his right - wing predecessor , Benjamin Netanyahu .
Netanyahu has recently moved ahead of Barak in popularity polls .
However , the former Prime Minister ca n't run in the special vote because he 's not currently a member of parliament .
The President of Yemen says the boat used in the attack on the `` USS Cole '' was bought in Saudi Arabia .
Last month 's explosion in the Yemeni port of Aden killed 17 U.S. sailors and injured 39 .
Yesterday , the Yemeni Prime Minister told CNN both the bombing suspects were from a Yemeni province that borders Saudi Arabia and is the home of family members of accused terrorist Osama Bin Laden .
U.S. officials say they suspect Bin Laden may have ordered the bombing of the `` Cole , '' but they have no proof .
The situation is much more pessimistic and tense half a world away , in the Middle East .
Matthew Chance is in Jerusalem with the latest .
Those peace moves may be gathering pace in Washington , but talk here on the ground in Israel in the Palestinian - controlled territories is of further conflict .
A number of funerals have been taking place over the course of today following a day of clashes on Friday , the first of those after a Palestinian teenager was shot and killed in a confrontation near Hebron with the Israeli security forces .
Another Palestinian man was also killed near Hebron yesterday .
We are told he was shot dead by a Jewish settler .
Israeli security forces say he tried to stab the settler before he was killed .
All this following a suicide bomb attack on a roadside cafe near the West Bank settlement of Mehola , which , of course , yesterday , left three Israeli soldiers injured .
More than 340 people , mostly Palestinians , have been killed in the latest round of confrontation over the past 12 weeks between Israelis and Palestinians .
As I say that violence is continuing on a day - to - day basis creating a very uncertain , very gloomy backdrop for these Washington talks to go ahead .
Again , that was Matthew Chance reporting from Jerusalem .
The first official parliamentary vote results in the Yugoslav republic of Serbia show President Vojislav Kostunica 's reform government winning in a landslide victory .
The official electoral commission says the Democratic Opposition of Serbia won about 65 % of the vote , compared to 13 % for Slobodan Milosevic 's Socialist Party .
That 's based on returns from just under a third of polling stations .
Kostunica defeated Milosevic in September 's presidential elections .
Milosevic will be swept out of the powerful Serbian government , leaving him vulnerable to U.N. war crimes prosecution .
Final official voting results could take until Wednesday .
It 's probably the most - watched vehicle since the O.J. Simpson chase , and now it can be yours , for enough money .
The Ryder rental truck which carried Palm Beach County 's ballots to Tallahassee is up for auction on the internet .
Budget Group , which owns Ryder , says it received numerous offers , but decided to auction the truck online , with the net proceeds going to the American Red Cross .
So it 's a good cause .
The bidding was at $ 21,900 this morning , and will be open for a week .
Israeli and Palestinian negotiators are beginning a new round of peace talks in Egypt , a session that could last ten days .
For Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak , it 's a chance to reach a peace agreement and boost his popularity with voters just weeks before Israeli elections .
The talks were proposed by the Palestinians , who say they 're ready to explore all possibilities .
Barak says he 's holding firm on the key issues that led to the breakdown of the last round of talks .
An agreement that was meant to lead to cooperation between Israeli and Palestinian security forces in the Mideast does not seem to be working .
Hospital spokesmen say two Palestinians were killed and dozens more injured in clashes in the West Bank and Gaza .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat agreed to renew low - level security ties yesterday .
An estimated 8,000 mourners turned out for the funeral of two Palestinian brothers today .
The men were killed in an intense firefight yesterday .
They were leaders of Arafat 's Fatah movement in a West Bank village .
President Clinton has ordered a delay in what would have been the first federal execution in 37 years .
Mr. Clinton granted a six - month reprieve to convicted killer Juan Raul Garza , who was scheduled to die at a federal prison in Terre Haute , Indiana .
Mr. Clinton says the time to review racial and geographic disparities in the federal death penalty system .
Garza was convicted in 1993 of operating a drug - smuggling organization , killing one of his associates and ordering the murders of two others .
Pentagon sources tell CNN the commander of the `` USS Cole '' failed to implement basic measures to protect his crew .
17 sailors were killed when the warship was bombed in a terrorist attack .
Jamie McIntyre has details .
CNN has learned that the crew of the `` USS Cole '' was not briefed on the seriousness of the threat in Yemen , nor warned to be on guard for possible terrorist attack the day the warship was bombed .
When the `` USS Cole '' entered the port of Aden October it was operating under `` threat condition Bravo , '' an alert level that warns of `` an increased and more predictable threat of terrorist activity . ''
Pentagon sources say almost half of 62 security measures that were intended to protect the `` USS Cole '' from terrorist attack were not carried out .
While many were not required because the `` Cole '' was refueling in the harbor , not at a pier , others were judged to be significant lapses , according to sources .
For instance , the ship protection plan filed by the `` Cole 's '' commanding officer of terrorism and warned to be suspicious and inquisitive of strangers .
Another provision specifically warned that small boats require special concern because they can serve as an ideal platform for terrorists , but Lippold failed to ensure those briefings were given according to Pentagon sources .
The crew was also supposed to identify and inspect all work boats , keep unauthorized craft away from the ship , and prepare fire hoses to repel borders .
Those precautions were not taken either , sources say .
The 40 - foot hole in the side of the `` USS Cole '' has now been patched , and the warship is in Mississippi for repairs that will cost $ 240 million and take a year to complete .
Senior Navy officials are still debating the fate of Commander Lippold , who along with several subordinate officers , could be subject to career - ending discipline , if it 's judged the security lapses left the billion - dollar destroyer more vulnerable to attack .
Jamie McIntyre , CNN , the Pentagon .
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright is joining peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians .
The negotiations are entering a third day today in Washington .
President Clinton met with Mideast negotiators yesterday at the White House .
He urged them to keep working toward peace in the region .
An Israeli Minister describes the talks as `` very fruitful , '' but a chief Palestinian negotiator says serious differences remain .
The Palestinians are pressing their demands for Israel to withdraw from disputed East Jerusalem and accept millions of Palestinian refugees .
A shift of winds is pushing an oil spill away from the Galapagos Islands and into the open sea , but the cleanup is far from over , as Robert Moore reports .
Ecuador 's declaration of a state of emergencies around the Galapagos Islands is a sign of how serious the oil spil is now judged .
It may not be a large tanker by international standards , but this is a uniquely fragile and precious marine environment .
Experts examining the wreck are still concentrating on transferring to safe storage the oil and fuel that remains on board , and the U.S. Coast Guard are helping in this operation , but Ecuador 's Environment Minister describes the ship 's condition as critical with gallons of oil still on the ship .
Some of that fuel will evaporate but the currents are moving the spill toward a large number of other islands in the chain .
Worsening weather could also be a factor in the coming days .
The smells are getting worse out there .
We hear there 's a gale up north that 's going to create a big swell by Wednesday .
The Galapagos Isles lie 600 miles off Ecuador 's pacific coast , populated by animal and plant species found nowhere else .
It was amid this teaming world of land and marine animals that Charles Darwin developed his theories of evolution .
The reality of an oil spill here has led to environmental organizations calling for greater control of shipping in the area .
Authorities on the island say the ship running aground was a simple navigational error .
Robert Moore , ITN .
WorldCom says it agreed to pay $ 88 million to settle a class - action lawsuit claim that it overcharged customers on long distance telephone calls .
The settlement follows a 1998 suit arguing that WorldCom then known as MCI WorldCom automatically shifted customers who were late in paying their bills into a higher rate plan .
MCI and Worldcom merged in 1998 , before splitting again last year .
WorldCom did not admit any wrongdoing in settling the case .
Israeli opposition leader Ariel Sharon is denouncing the just - concluded Mideast peace talks as a campaign ploy by Prime Minister Ehud Barak .
Sharon is leading Barak by as much as 20 points in polls leading up to the February election .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres addressed the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland today .
Arafat condemned what he called Israel 's `` economic strangulation '' of the Palestinian people , but he pledged his commitment to a lasting and comprehensive peace .
Peres told the forum the Palestinians are in a position similar to that Israel faced 50 years ago and expressed optimism peace may come sooner than many people think .
Russian President Vladimir Putin is visiting Havana for talks with Cuban President Fidel Castro .
Putin is the first Russian President to visit Cuba since the collapse of the Soviet Union .
Castro greeted the Russian leader when he arrived late last night .
Both Russia and Cuba want to renew their decades - old relationship that cooled after the collapse of the Soviet Union .
The leaders will discuss trade and other issues , including Cuba 's $ 11 billion Soviet - era debt .
In Cuba today , some people are viewing their past through the eyes of an American .
Thomas Nybo has that story .
When Fidel Castro and his rebels stormed Havana , they were joined by an intrepid American photographer who spoke little Spanish .
His name is Burt Glinn , and now most Cubans are getting their first look at his photos on display in Havana until the end of the month .
The collection is called `` on the road to Havana with Fidel , '' and is made up of 41 black and white images .
Some of the other photographers that were there had to go back to their newspapers and had to go back to their offices to send their film in , but I stayed because , to me , it was more than a news event .
It was about history , so I wanted the whole story .
Capturing the whole story was not easy .
Glinn borrowed money from friends just to get to Cuba , and had to shoot many of the photos barefoot after he lost his shoes while being pushed in a crowd .
The resulting photos show the passion of the Cuban people and the charisma of their new leader , standing at the center of it all , just as he is 42 years later .
Glinn is 75 now -- about the same age as Castro -- and this is his second trip back to Cuba since the revolution .
When he looks back at his long career , including stints in South Africa and the former Soviet Union , one assignment stands out , and this was the most exciting , because it turned out to be not a story about Fidel Castro .
It turned out to be a story about the Cuban people , and how they received the revolution , and it 's so important , because the visions that foreigners have -- particularly Americans -- about the revolution are completely different .
They do n't understand the kind of popular joy that was here .
While some might disagree about Cuba 's present , and plot different courses for its future , these photos may help Cuba better understand its past .
Thomas Nybo , CNN .
AIDS activists are observing World AIDS Day today in an effort to battle complacency and ignorance about what they call a global epidemic .
Health officials say 36 million people are living with the incurable disease worldwide .
Five million were infected in the last year .
The United Nations says men must take responsibility for their behavior to stop the spread of the deadly virus .
U.N. Secretary - General Kofi Annan says men can make a particular difference by being more caring , taking fewer risks , and facing the issue of AIDS head - on .
Palestinian and Israeli negotiators are back at the bargaining table in Egypt , but there appears to be little confidence a Middle East peace deal can be brokered .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is calling the chances of achieving an agreement `` scant . ''
He says Palestinian refugees will not be given the right to return .
He is also vowing to keep Jerusalem 's most contested holy site in Israeli hands .
Palestinian negotiators say those parameters are dooming the talks `` before they have even started . ''
Additional violence is adding to the pessimism .
Israeli officials closed a main road in the Gaza Strip after an Israeli soldier was wounded in an explosion .
Senator Barbara Boxer of California is in Florida to support the undervote recount .
She says on Election Day , exit polls in the state indicated voters chose Al Gore , and now it 's time to see if that 's true , but not everyone appreciated what she had to say .
I have something I want to say to the Bush people , and that is , if they were up here speaking , I would not boo them , and I also wanted to mention to them that I come from the state that elected Ronald Reagan , who they revere , and also those same people elected me , so I hope that they would have the decency to allow me to speak .
Former Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell is in Tallahassee in support of the Gore campaign .
He is defending the use of the hand counts to resolve disputes over ballots .
The laws of Texas and Florida and other states are based on the reality that the most fair and effective way to count every valid vote and to discern the intent of the voter is a careful fair hand count .
Up to now in this process , no court , state or federal , has accepted the assertion that hand recounts are unfair or unconstitutional .
Polls in Israel suggest Prime Minister Ehud Barak faces an uphill battle in next month 's election .
Some members of his own party say they want Barak to step aside .
Mike Hanna reports .
Ehud Barak and Shimon Peres present a united front .
The hostility between two men who 'd been rivals in the past has , on the surface , dissipated , and it 's made clear the former Prime Minister will campaign alongside the present Prime Minister in the elections for the next Prime Minister due to take place on February .
`` we are sitting together as a team , '' says Barak .
`` we will lead the election campaign and afterwards the country , our objective is not only the Prime Minister 's race , '' says Peres , `` our objective is to work together for the good of the state of Israel . ''
But recent polls indicate Peres would fare better than Barak against the right - wing Likud Party candidate Ariel Sharon .
Two separate sets of polls have Barak more than 20 percentage points behind Sharon , whereas the same polls show if Peres stood instead of Barak , he and Sharon would be neck - and - neck .
Some within the Labor Party raise the possibility of forcing Barak to step aside and allow Peres to stand in the elections .
Legally , there can be a change of candidate up to four days before the polls open .
Ehud Barak has made clear he will not step aside voluntarily .
Speaking to a gathering of Jewish students , Barak made clear as well the issues on which there would be no compromise , knee gorx negotiation with the Palestinians .
Let me say it loud and clear -- we will not agree to the right of return into Israel , applause and I do not intend to sign any document which passes sovereignty on the Temple Mount to the Palestinians .
Similar sentiments expressed by Barak 's opponent in the next elections .
I will guard the unity of Jerusalem , the Temple Mount , '' says Ariel Sharon , `` I will guard the Jordan Valley and other security zones , and I will guard that there will not be an influx of refugees . ''
And while Barak and Sharon may be expressing similar points of view , some Israelis place far greater trust in the man who wants to be Prime Minister rather than the one who is .
The Prime Minister has said so many things lately that none of them stood the test of the day , not of the week , that we should be very careful about our assessment of his commitments .
While Ehud Barak continues to chair the weekly cabinet meetings , many observers say he has achieved little , and his time is running out .
At present , the polls show the majority of Israelis believe that Shimon Peres would be better at making peace , and Ariel Sharon would be better at waging war .
Mike Hanna , CNN , Jerusalem .
The search for a small plane that disappeared Sunday in Massachusetts has a bittersweet ending .
Three young boys , ages 2 , 5 and 10 survived and are in critical condition after spending 18 hours in the cold .
The father , who was piloting the plane , also was rescued , but died late yesterday at the hospital .
The boys ' mother and two other brothers were killed .
Officials say the pilot reported ice on the plane and planned to land in Massachusetts when the plane left radar .
Aviators described the scene as they approached it from above .
the cabin was intact completely .
The wings were off of it , but it looked like a survivable crash .
Initially the wreckage was spotted , and there was no person spotted , but when we moved in closer and started to scan the area , then I saw the 2 - year - old waving from next to the airplane .
The family had been heading to New Hampshire from Lakeland , Florida when their plane went down .
If you are one of the many unemployed , expect company .
Valerie Morris joins us live from New York with that story .
Valerie ?
Hi , Renay , Sharon .
The pace of job cuts is quickening .
The survey by Challenger Gray and Christmas says layoffs rose about 5 % in February .
That 's the second straight monthly increase .
The ax fell heavily on government and non-profit workers as many state and local governments face severe budget crunches .
The U.S. economy has lost more than 2 million jobs in the past two years .
Airlines are getting flyers to destinations on time more often .
The top ten air carriers arrived on time more and cancelled fewer flights in January than the month before .
A government report says the improvements are the result of changes in air traffic controls , and a dropoff in passengers .
Despite operating under bankruptcy laws , United posted the best on - time performance .
United also cancelled the fewest flights .
Still United lost $ 382 million in January .
And one other note of improvement .
Airlines reported fewer complaints about lost , damaged or delayed luggage .
Turning to Wall Street , disappointing auto sales are denting the shares of the Big Three .
Of course there are ongoing fears about terrorism and a war with Iraq .
The Dow has slipped 116 points .
The NASDAQ is down three --
The Gaza Strip has been closed off .
The Israeli Army sealed the area and shut down the Palestinian airport after a Jewish settler was found shot dead .
Israel is blaming the Islamic militant group Hamas .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak says the killing is a blow to the peace process .
A senior Palestinian negotiator says Israel canceled peace talks scheduled for this week , but did not give a reason .
Joining us today to put all of this in some kind of perspective is `` CNN Headline News '' ' political analyst Michele Mitchell .
Hi , Michele .
Hi , Chuck .
, the Bush cabinet do you think it will be diverse and will he reach out to the other side of the aisle ?
He 's saying that he will , but this may be an impossible task , not because he is n't interested in appointing Democrats , but because the word has gone out not to accept a position .
Now , this , of course , is part of their tactic to try to regain control of the House and Senate in 2002 and 2004 .
It may be not Bush 's fault if you do n't see any of the Democratic faces around the table .
It 's not for want on his part .
So there is word among Democrats not to accept a cabinet post ?
Yes .
How can they make everybody fall into line on that ?
It 's easy .
You want the campaign funds when you run in 2002 ?
It 's fairly easy to put pressure like that on Democrats .
There might be rogue Democrats who is more conservative that really does n't care and is interested in serving in a Cabinet post .
That may be where he finds the best luck .
He 's probably going to appoint two prominant African - Americans , Rice and Powell .
Any other outreach to the black community ?
I think those are the two main appointees and the glittering stars in the crown .
That 's one of his way in reaching out to the black community which feels more than alienated after this election if some of the leaders are to be believed .
Is there a risk if he becomes a centrist , does he risk alienating the hard right of the Republican Party , do you think , the Tom D Lays and others ?
This is his big problem right away .
He is a centrist and Tom D Lay has already said , Hey , look , I think what we did over the last six years in the House has been really great .
This is going to be a really big problem because the conservatives have sat on their hands , saying , If we shut up , is Bush going to win ?
The conservatives want to push through the agenda .
It 's a thorn in Bush 's side already .
The two do not like each other .
Let the games begin .
All right , Michele Mitchell , thanks very much .
Al Gore left his residence at the Naval Observatory today to attend to his duties as Vice President at the White House .
In an interview taped last night for NBC 's `` Today '' show , Gore said he thought his chance of winning the legal battle for the presidency was 50 / 50 .
He was asked if he thought George W. Bush was trying to `` steal '' the election .
I have never used that word , that phrase , and , in fact , I have well , in one public statement , urged my supporters never to use that phrase .
I think that both Governor Bush and I should recognize an obligation during this time when the votes are still to be counted , to try to restrain the passions of our partisan supporters .
Israeli helicopter gunships opened fire on a Palestinian position in Bethlehem overnight .
The Army says the choppers were firing on gunmen who were shooting at Rachel 's Tomb for several hours .
That holy shrine is the traditional burial place of the biblical matriarch .
At least 25 Palestinians were wounded in gun battles with Israeli troops yesterday .
Earlier , two Israeli soldiers were stabbed at a roadblock north of Jerusalem .
Meantime , aides to Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak say Israel is willing to cooperate with a U.S. - led inquiry into the violence that has killed at least 319 people .
Investigators are expected to arrive in mid-December .
The countdown to the destruction of Russia 's Mir Space Station is under way .
A Russian space transport craft has docked with the 15 - year - old orbiter .
The unmanned vessel , dubbed `` the hearse , '' will use its load of two tons of fuel to guide Mir out of orbit at the end of next month .
Most of the craft will disintegrate in the Earth 's atmosphere .
Any remaining fragments should fall into the Pacific Ocean .
The Russian government says it can not afford to maintain Mir and meet obligations to the new International Space Station .
A United Nations conference on global warming has ended without a deal .
Delegates worked through the night and past a deadline in the Netherlands to find ways to implement the Kyoto Protocol .
The Protocol 's objective is to reduce the earth 's heat - trapping gases by 5 % in 12 years .
Delegates have been unable to agree on how to do that .
The sticking point is how countries can reduce gas emissions without actually burning less fossil fuel .
Midlevel Israeli and Palestinian negotiators are expected in Washington this week for separate consultations on the crisis in the Middle East .
The talks will follow three hours of negotiations that went on yesterday , against the backdrop of a Palestinian funeral for a 22 - year - old victim of the ongoing violence .
The man was one of six Palestinians killed in Friday clashes with Israeli troops in the West Bank and Gaza .
A senior adviser says Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat is working with President Clinton in a push for a peace agreement before Mr. Clinton leaves office .
In their closing arguments , defense lawyers in the Pan Am Flight 103 bombing trial are attacking prosecution theories about where the bomb came from .
Prosecutors say the two Libyan defendants loaded a rigged suitcase aboard a plane in the Mediterranean , and the bag eventually made its way on to the Pan Am flight , but the defense says a `` rogue bag '' could have come from somewhere else .
270 people were killed when the jet went down over Lockerbie , Scotland , in 1988 .
The trial will continue Tuesday .
Al Gore 's favorability rating is slipping , and for the first time since he emerged as Bill Clinton 's running mate in 1992 , a majority of American adults now view him unfavorably .
The latest Gallup Poll , completed Monday , found 52 % of those questioned have an unfavorable view of Gore , compared to 39 % before the election .
46 % have a favorable view of Gore , compared to 56 % before the election .
She 's a forty - something , but she just does n't age .
That does n't mean Barbie looks the same way she used to .
Bob Glascoff reports in today 's edition of `` Headliners . ''
In November of 1997 , Barbie gets a makeover to give her a more youthful and contemporary look .
Toymaker Mattel , Inc. refined Barbie 's gravity - defying proportions by slimming her bust and hips and widening her waist , as well as giving her a new nose .
Barbie Millicent Roberts , named after the daughter of a Mattel co-founder , hit store shelves in 1959 .
The buxom bombshell of a doll underwent two face - lifts in 1967 and 1977 , but critics continued to charge that her abundant curves presented an unrealistic body ideal for young girls .
The 1997 makeover made Barbie less busty and a little thicker around the middle .
She 's also doing her part for medical science .
Plastic knee joints from retired dolls are now used to make knuckles in prosthetic fingers for amputees at Duke University Medical Center .
The plastic princess has had more than 75 careers , including rock star , astronaut and presidential candidate .
With `` Headliners , '' I 'm Bob Glascoff .
The travel rush is not the only thing some airline passengers are complaining about .
Some say they feel worse after flying than they did before , but is `` bad air '' to blame ?
Jim Morelli takes a look .
Ask passengers what they think of the air they 're breathing aboard a plane , and you may get answers similar to these .
I do n't think it 's a safe or healthy quality of air .
It 's of low quality , because it 's been recirculated and recirculated .
Very frequent complaint .
They call us , they have a little fever , perhaps , sinus congestion cold .
There is a pervasive belief that the air on planes is teaming with dangerous microorganisms , but that has never been scientifically proven .
In fact , it is possible that the air in your own home could be dirtier than what you 're breathing on the plane .
Possible because the fresh air pulled in during flight may be less polluted than the air closer to the ground , and though a portion of the air on planes is recirculated , it must pass through very restrictive filters .
These are called high - efficiency particulate air filters .
These filters screen out very , very , very fine particles .
Particles such as viruses , bacteria and pollen .
But powerful as those filters are , they ca n't remedy everything .
There is no air system in the world that is going to protect you from the person sitting next to you .
It 's a law of physics ...
Which means that the only man on the pl if your seat or flu , as this tissue will sit next to you .
Thank goodness for Kleenex tissues .
There 's a fair chance you might come down with it , too .
And the air on planes may be getting dirtier .
With so many people flying these days a recent review of cabin air studies called for by the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention , found the research scientifically limited and recommended it be considered tentative .
So what 's a passenger to do ?
You get rest .
You keep hydrated .
You eat well , get a flu shot , and you wash your hands .
Jim Morelli , CNN , Atlanta .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak and his top - level cabinet officials have accepted a Palestinian proposal for marathon peace negotiations in Egypt .
Talks may begin tomorrow night and last for up to ten days .
Barak and former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres are slated to `` guide '' the talks , but will not be joining them at the initial stage .
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat made the proposal earlier this week .
A White House spokesman says former President Clinton welcomed the idea and told Barak he supported it in a telephone call yesterday .
South Korean President Kim Dae - jung has accepted his Nobel Peace Prize .
The award recognizes his efforts to end 50 years of bad blood between North and South Korea .
Though the two countries are still technically at war , President Kim , a former dissident , met with his North Korean counterpart in June to move toward reconciliation .
In accepting the Peace Prize , the 75 - year - old President pledged to continue fighting for human rights and peace .
Jury selection is under way in the trial of four men accused in the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings in Africa .
Twin terrorist attacks in Kenya and Tanzania killed 224 people .
Security is exceptionally tight around the courtroom and the judge has closed the jury selection proceedings to the public .
Picking a jury could take a month .
Prosecutors say the bombings were orchestrated by Osama Bin Laden .
One of them standing trial is accused of serving as Bin Laden 's personal secretary .
The four defendants are among 22 suspects believed to be involved in the bombings .
Some Canadian farmers are steamed at the United States .
It 's because of potatoes .
Some spuds from Prince Edward Island are being turned back at the border because of a fungus .
Officials say the U.S. is overreacting .
The farmers say they are losing millions and the island 's government says it might comment say the them .
Slobodan Milosevic is back in the public eye .
Today , the former Yugoslav President made his first public appearance since losing power .
Milosevic addressed a special meeting of the Socialist Party of Serbia in Belgrade .
He denounced the democratic Yugoslav government that unseated him , calling the election a coup .
He also accused the West of trying to break up the country .
Yesterday , hundreds gathered in the West Bank town of Hebron for the funeral of a Palestinian woman killed in her home by crossfire between Israeli soldiers and Palestinian gunmen , and in Gaza , a second funeral took place for a Palestinian man killed Friday night by Israeli troops .
Palestinian security officials insist they can not quell the unrest in the West Bank and Gaza until Israel lifts its blockade there .
An electrical engineer in Australia is making the holidays brighter for thousands of people .
Denise Dillon reports this is not your ordinary Christmas light display .
7777
Welcome to Len Doof 's house in Adelaide , Australia .
That 's right .
All this is one man 's personal Christmas decoration .
It 's his annual Christmas display , and tens of thousands of people come to see the blinking , spinning , twirling lights and hear the holiday music .
There are more than 52,000 lights , all synchronized to Christmas carols .
It takes more than 10 1 / 2 miles of cable and wire to hook it all up , and 23 computers .
This is definitely a high - tech Christmas display .
Doof , who is an electrical engineer , says his vision for the display was ahead of its time .
I actually had a dream about it a long time ago , and dreamt up , you know , the chips to put in the computers to make it work , and that was 20 years ago , before chips were anything other than fish and chips .
Over the past 20 years , the display has gotten bigger and brighter , and Doof says this one is the biggest yet .
He spends long hours on his elaborate display .
He started working on it last March .
He pays careful attention to all the fine details .
Every year , he hand - paints about 30,000 of the tiny globes that decorate his home .
Doof says he goes to such extremes for one reason .
This is Christmas .
It 's my Christmas present to everybody .
It 's my Christmas present to myself , and by people coming to see it , that makes me very happy , and I hope I make them very happy .
7777
Denise Dillon , `` Headline News . ''
The killing of two Israelis in the West Bank could spell trouble for the Mideast peace talks in Egypt .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak has recalled his top two negotiators from talks in Egypt .
The Foreign Minister and a cabinet secretary are returning to Jerusalem for consultations .
Other members of the Israeli negotiating team are remaining , but one of them says talks are `` suspended until further notice . ''
The two men were seized by Palestinian gunmen while having lunch at a West Bank restaurant .
Judges hearing the case against two men accused in the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 are expected to announce this week when they 'll reach a verdict .
84 days of testimony in the case ended earlier this month .
Two Libyans are accused of planting a bomb aboard the plane which exploded over Lockerbie , Scotland , in December 1988 .
270 people died in the crash .
A special Scottish court is hearing the case in the Netherlands .
The admiral reviewing the actions of the captain and crew of the `` USS Cole '' is recommending no punishment for the ship 's commander .
Pentagon sources tell CNN Admiral Robert Natter 's decision must still be approved by two top Navy officials , but the recommendation makes it unlikely the ship 's commanding officer will face any disciplinary action .
The admiral concluded Commander Kirk Lippold 's actions , while not perfect , fell within the `` acceptable '' range of conduct .
The `` Cole '' was attacked October in Yemen by suicide bombers in a small boat .
17 sailors were killed .
A survey on hunger finds requests from major cities for food and shelter rose this year , in spite of a healthy economy .
The U.S. Conference of Mayors found requests for food were up 17 % from last year .
Demand for emergency food assistance for families with children rose 16 % , and shelter requests went up 15 % .
Officials expect those trends to continue into next year .
Israeli and Palestinian representatives held the highest - level talks in months in Gaza yesterday .
Participants included former Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres and Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat .
Both helped craft the Mideast peace accords of the now , they 're trying to reach an agreement on President Clinton 's peace proposal before his term ends , but even if a deal is reached , it may not be honored .
Polls show Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak trailing opposition leader Ariel Sharon going into the February election .
Sharon opposes the territorial concessions Barak seems poised to make .
Americans are slowly finding out there are many health benefits associated with soy .
Holly Firfer has details in this edition of `` Feeling Fit . ''
This little bean native to northern China is a complete protein .
A main source of protein for millions of Asians , soy is also rich in vitamin B and dietary fiber .
Studies have shown it can lower cholesterol and reduce the risk of heart attacks and strokes , and just last year , the FDA approved labeling on soy products touting the benefits in reducing heart disease .
Many soy products can now be found on your local grocer 's shelf .
These are green , immature soybeans in the pod that are known in Japan as Edemame .
A bowl of cereal with some soy milk to put on it .
If someone is allergic to regular milk , soy milk is a wonderful alternative .
Some experts also claim soy may slow cancer growth , prevent osteoporosis and reduce hot flashes during menopause .
Experts do caution that soy should be eaten in moderation , and , although soy is a protein , it can be associated with some food allergies , so check with your doctor .
For `` Feeling Fit , '' I 'm Holly Firfer .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak is proposing an interim peace deal with the Palestinians .
The proposal would give the Palestinians a state and 10 % more land , but it would put off decisions on the fate of Jerusalem .
Barak announced the proposition in a speech to newspaper editors .
Palestinian officials say they have not formally received it , but they add they oppose any interim agreement .
President Clinton is holding separate meetings with rival political leaders in the Northern Ireland peace process .
The United States helped broker the 1998 Good Friday peace accord , and Mr. Clinton is trying to keep it from unraveling .
Today in Belfast , he meets with Northern Ireland 's First Minister David Trimble of the loyalist Ulster Unionist Party , as well as Sinn Fein 's Gerry Adams .
British Prime Minister Tony Blair is accompanying Mr. Clinton for the talks .
One of four men on trial in the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa is asking the judge to throw out his confession .
The Saudi man says U.S. authorities threatened to hang him if he did n't cooperate .
He had admitted to throwing a stun grenade at a guard outside the U.S. Embassy in Kenya just before the explosion .
U.S. government officials say the man 's confession was voluntary .
224 people were killed and more than 5,000 wounded in the 1998 bombings in Kenya and Tanzania .
77
I 'm the Naked Cowboy 77 77 coming to a town near you .
77
A double murder in Washington leads to an international search for the suspect .
Bob Glascoff has details in today 's edition of `` Headliners . ''
In January of 1998 , Mir Aimal Kasi is sentenced to death for an attack outside CIA headquarters that left two dead and three wounded .
Frank Darling and Lansing Bennett were stuck in morning traffic when they were shot to death in 1993 .
Mir Aimal Kasi was suspected in the attack , but fled to his native Pakistan before he could be arrested .
FBI agents finally caught up with him after a four - year global manhunt .
He was brought back to the United States to stand trial .
Prosecutors claimed Kasi , who worked as a driver for a courier company , was angry over America 's policy against Iraq , Libya and other Muslim countries .
Kasi was convicted in a Virginia state court and sentenced to death .
The U.S. Supreme Court rejected his most recent appeal .
With `` Headliners , '' I 'm Bob Glascoff .
Investors on Wall Street are waiting for the word from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on interest rates .
Greenspan will meet with the Federal Reserve Board policymakers today for the last time this year .
There 's widespread hope the Fed will do something to stop the economic slowdown .
That could mean a rate slash .
Earlier this month , Greenspan suggests cuts could be on the way .
Hello , I 'm Kathleen Kennedy , sitting in for Chuck Roberts .
We begin this half hour with the latest developments in the presidential election .
Thousands of disputed ballots in South Florida are being prepared for shipment to the state capital amid tight security .
A Tallahassee judge wants them in case they are needed as evidence in a lawsuit challenging Florida 's certified vote , but there are growing signs state lawmakers could step in and decide the winner .
Jonathan Aiken reports .
State legislators in Florida 's capitol are discussing if a special session is needed to decide which 25 electors will represent Florida in the Electoral College -- a Democratic slate ? or a Republican slate ?
U.S. law allows state legislatures to choose representatives to the Electoral College as a last resort .
Florida lawmakers may go that route , if the disputed recount is n't settled by December six days before the Electoral College meets to verify the results of the presidential election .
Experts are telling Florida 's lawmakers to act cautiously .
The right to vote is clearly protected by the First Amendment .
I think that your action needs to take that into consideration .
As lawmakers consider their options , the legal fight over the recount continues at several levels .
In Leon County , which includes Tallahassee , Circuit Court Judge N. Sanders Sauls ordered 13,000 contested ballots from Miami - Dade and Palm Beach counties to be brought to Tallahassee by Saturday .
That 's when he 'll decide if they should be counted , along with contested ballots from Nassau County .
Miami - Dade County , for one , is heavily Democratic , and it 's from these areas , Gore officials believe , that a hand count of ballots will turn up enough votes to overcome Governor Bush 's lead .
In West Palm Beach Wednesday , an independent , conservative group called Judicial Watch asked a court to let it see those ballots for itself .
We 're here for the public , for the public should know what 's going on without two adversaries that are fighting with each other .
The Gore camp would prefer the ballot counting from all disputed counties start immediately .
It 's concerned the public is losing patience with the legal challenges to the Florida vote .
As this host of legal actions makes its way through the Florida court system , attention is turning to the legal body of last resort in the United States -- the U.S. Supreme Court in Washington .
Oral arguments will be heard Friday on a request by the Bush campaign to overturn a decision by Florida 's Supreme Court .
It ruled that recounts submitted to state officials after a filing deadline had passed had to be counted .
Jonathan Aiken , for CNN , Washington .
Pepsi hopes to take Quaker Oats to a whole new level .
I 'm Myron Kandel at the cnnfn newsdesk in New York .
Pepsi says it expects to double Quaker 's snack food growth rate .
After a month - long courtship , they agreed to buy Quaker Oats for $ 13.4 billion of their stock , but the assumption of $ 761 million in debt .
That comes to 2 % less a share than Pepsi 's original offer .
The deal gives Pepsi access to Quaker Oats ' Gatorade sport drink as well as Quaker 's profitable snacks business , which makes up about 60 % of its revenue .
Besides Gatorade , they make such products as granola bars , Captain Crunch cereal .
In addition to soft drink , Pepsi also owns Tropicana juices and Frito Lay products .
Yemen 's President says his country 's constitution wo n't allow any suspects in the bombing of the `` USS Cole '' to be extradited .
He tells `` the Washington Post '' authorities are still searching for the suspected mastermind behind the attack , but he would n't speculate if suspected terrorist Osama Bin Laden was involved .
Next month , Yemen plans to try six suspects in the October suicide bombing that killed 17 U.S. sailors .
A United Nations special envoy is warning of a `` increasingly desperate '' situation for Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank .
Israeli security restrictions on cross-border movement have cut humanitarian aid and fuel supplies to the Palestinian territories .
At a Cairo meeting of the Arab League , Finance Ministers agreed on a method to funnel up to $ 1 billion in support to Palestinians in their uprising against Israel .
It 's Election Day in the Yugoslav republic of Serbia .
Voters are choosing a new parliament .
Polls show President Vojislav Kostunica 's government could win the majority it needs to begin introducing its reforms .
Earlier today , former President Slobodan Milosevic cast his ballot .
If his party loses as predicted , Milosevic could be vulnerable to U.N. war crimes prosecution .
Preliminary results are expected later today .
Yugoslavia 's incoming Interior Minister says he plans to put the country 's former President under 24 - hour surveillance .
The official notes that Slobodan Milosevic is named on a warrant from a U.N. war crimes tribunal and is under local investigation on abuse of power charges .
He says he sees no problem with Serbian police arresting Milosevic if needed .
The former President is believed to be living in Belgrade with police protection .
Let 's take another look at what comments other media have made on this session of six party talks .
South Korea 's Kyung Hyang Daily News says in an article that North Korea is basically satisfied with the US attitude , or else it would have surely turned back again and left the negotiation table of the six party talks .
Facts show that as long as the two sides are willing to talk , the issues will not be pigeonholed .
The New York Times in the US says in an article that the most urgent task is to disarm North Korea of its nuclear weapons .
However , with North Korea 's tough position on the financial sanctions , it is very hard for the US to discuss other issues with North Korea .
This is the challenge that the US delegation is facing .
Hong Kong - based Wen Wei Po says in an article that one of key obstacles to the progress of the six - party talks this time is precisely the issue of financial sanctions against North Korea .
But the US has still not made any concession on that .
Japan 's Asahi Shimbun says in an article that the second - phase meeting of the fifth round of six - party talks has entered the stage of substantive discussion and that the entire talk centering around China 's proposal is gradually coming to an end .
Hill said today that the US and North Korea have already touched upon many substantive issues .
Kim Kye - gwan said yesterday that if the US attempts to use both hard and soft tactics such as coupling dialogue with pressure and carrots with sticks in negotiations , North Korea will surely counteract with dialogue and a shield .
But the trend of the talks has been positive .
A Xinhua News Agency article said that the talks will enter the stage of documenting the progress in written form .
Hill noted that it was really not an easy job to resume the six - party talks .
He did not want to predict whether the talks would be successful , saying that the US still thinks that the financial sanctions against North Korea should be separated from the issue of a nuclear - free Korean Peninsula .
On the 5th , Italian inspection bodies in Milan formally indicted more than 20 American undercover agents to the court .
The reason was that they were suspected of being involved in illegally kidnapping a terrorist suspect in Milan in 2003 .
Inspection personnel had requested the extradition of these undercover agents to Italy to stand trial .
According to Italian inspection personnel , on February 17 2003 , with the assistance of six Italian special agents , American CIA special agents kidnapped Egyptian - born terrorist suspect Abu Omar in Milan , and brought him to Egypt for trial , so as to avoid execution of normal judicial investigation and extradition procedures .
Omar later said that he received severe torture from Egyptian intelligence agents .
The exposure of this incident at one point placed the Berlusconi government in an embarrassing situation .
After over two years of investigation , Italian inspection personnel believed that a total of six Italians and 26 Americans -- among whom , 22 were CIA agents -- were involved in this illegal kidnapping case .
They believed that the actions of the U.S. special agents in Italy had badly violated Italian sovereignty .
Currently , six Italians who were involved in the case , including Nicolo , who was in charge of the Italian Foreign Intelligence Agency , have been arrested .
The Italian judge also issued arrest warrants for the 26 Americans who were involved in the case .
An article recently published by an international expert team in a scientific journal says the ebola virus may have resulted in the deaths of more than five thousand gorillas in West Africa .
Further hunting will be sufficient to lead to the extinction of the gorilla if mankind does not stop .
The gorilla is already classified as an endangered species .
And in the recently published scientific journal , an article by an international expert team says that the ebola virus is spreading among gorilla groups and its speed is clearly faster than the speed of contagion between humans .
Primatologist Bermejo at the University of Barcelona is currently carrying out a study with colleagues on a plan for preservation and reasonable use of the forest ecosystem .
He says in the report , only in the region we are researching , the Zaire strain of the Ebola virus has taken the lives of approximately five thousand gorillas .
Walsh , an ecologist from Germany 's Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology who participated in the research , said that in the past twenty years a quarter of the entire world 's gorillas have died from the Ebola virus .
This is a extremely shocking figure .
He also said that taking into account the commercial hunting , the gorillas might face extinction very soon .
Walsh also said gorilla groups share territory .
The feces of an infected gorilla can fairly easily infect other individuals .
Furthermore , chimpanzees and gorillas will touch any same - species corpse they find .
This is also the path for the transmission of the ebola virus between humans .
As for the Iranian problem , eh , Iran 's deputy foreign minister Mohammed said on Wednesday that his Ministry would conduct a two - day meeting beginning next Monday , and would discuss the scope of Germany 's massacre of Jews during World War II .
The participants consist of 67 researchers from 30 countries , including England and France .
Iranian President Ahmadinejad once said that he could not believe that the Holocaust actually occurred .
But as for Iran 's nuclear issue , French Foreign Minister Douste - Blazy said powerful nations should agree on possible sanctions against Iran as soon as possible ; otherwise , the credibility of the United Nations will be damaged .
However , eh , when Iranian Foreign Minister Mottaki visited the International Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in the Hague , the Netherlands , he said that possessing nuclear technology is a right that all countries possess .
Iran is opposed to any situation which limits the realization of this right for peaceful purposes .
He also reiterated that sanctions would not be effective .
Iran will continue with its nuclear program , but it does not intend to develop nuclear weapons .
Iran is also ready to negotiate with the international community .
He hopes that negotiating parties of the nuclear issue will be able to return to the previous right track and continue the negotiations .
In his speech , Wen Jiabao conducted a concrete mapping - out of primary objectives , tasks and important issues related to economic work next year .
It was pointed out at the meeting that this year is the outset of the Eleventh Five Year Plan period .
We will hold high the great banner of Deng Xiaoping Theory and the important thought of the Three Represents , comprehensively implement the concept of scientific development and conscientiously carry out the Eleventh Five Year Plan .
New achievements have been made in socialist economic construction , political construction , cultural construction , social construction and party construction .
Modernization construction in national defense and the military will continue to be pushed forward .
In response to new situations and new movements in the economic and social development of our country and outstanding contradictions in the operation of the economy , we will continue to strengthen and improve macro control and promote reform and opening up .
We will further improve conditions for development ; we will further optimize development environment ; and we will make further development momentum better and better .
The relatively fast growth showing in the national economy , better economic efficiency and relatively low price levels constitute an excellent outset for the Eleventh Five Year Plan period .
Through the joint efforts of the entire party and the people of all nationalities of the nation , our country 's economic power and comprehensive national strength have continued to increase , its international influence has continued to grow and the lives of the people have steadily improved .
We have again taken a solid step toward the target of national construction of a middle - class society .
Last year , a Beijing company was found guilty of buying and selling on speculation because it sold land on the moon .
This year , ah , they also planned to sell World Cup air , but eh , did not receive a business permit .
Because of this , eh , they recently launched a lawsuit against the industry and commerce department .
The lawsuit however was rejected by the court .
The plaintiff in this case is the same company that was investigated and penalized by the industry and commerce agency in October last year for selling land on the moon .
According to its person in charge , the company planned to sell World Cup air during the present World Cup .
However , the Industry and Commerce Administration of Beijing 's Chaoyang District ordered publicly a halt to the sales .
The plaintiff felt that the World Cup air had been imported after being collected and individually packed in Germany and that because it had value and usage value , it constituted a commercial product .
In addition , there is currently no law or regulation that prohibits the sale of air , therefore the confiscation of the plaintiff 's business permit by the Industry and Commerce Administration was not legal .
But the accused claimed that the plaintiff 's request that special air from specific regions be added as an item to the company 's business scope did not come under the scope established by the national economy categorization standards .
It was also vague , meaning there was no way to carry out effective supervision according to industry standards , so the notice of rejection of registration was not improper .
The court , in hearing the case , felt that according to the administrative regulations on company registration , the plaintiff 's application to sell special air from specific regions could not be supervised under the national economy industry categorization standards .
The rejection of the plaintiff 's registration application by the Administration of Industry and Commerce of Chaoyang District complied with laws and regulations and would help maintain order in the country 's market economy , and so the court rendered the above judgment .
Pope Benedict XVI and Orthodox spiritual leader Bartholomew signed a joint statement on Thursday that said the rights of ethnic minorities and groups must be protected as the European Union expands .
It also said that if the European Union protects religious freedom , it will support Turkey 's entry into the European Union .
In the joint declaration issued after a prayer ceremony held in Istanbul , Pope Benedict and Bartholomew rejected the concept that massacres could be carried out in God 's name , denounced terrorism and iterated that Roman Catholicism and the Eastern Orthodox Church would strive for peace and unity while condemning violence .
Such kind of declarations are normally related to theological issues .
However , in this joint declaration made on this occasion , the two religious leaders mentioned negotiations over Turkey 's entry into the European Union .
The two spiritual leaders expressed optimism regarding the European Union .
EU members should fully consider all factors that influence basic human rights , in particular freedom of religion , and bear witness to and protect respect for other freedoms .
In the process of world unification , the rights of minority groups must be protected , for example , their cultural traditions and religions .
The European Union has asked Turkey to assure the religious freedom of the country 's non-Muslim minorities .
This implies according them the right to own property and authorizing them to open their own schools .
Turkey currently has 120,000 Christians and approximately thirty - thousand Catholics , but one century ago there were two million followers .
The declaration also asks Europe to definitely protect other religions and cultures while maintaining its own Christian culture .
Ice Icicle has appeared in large areas of Turks River , Ili , Xinjiang , since last month .
The ice icicle section is more than eight kilometers in length .
At some bending river , the ice icicle sediment has piled up and caused blocking to the river .
The stream water has overflown the riverbanks and flooded into the nearby houses of herders .
After the disaster occurred , the local government quickly organized for the herders along the river to evacuate .
At present 146 families with over 840 herding folks are moving to newly built earthquake - resistant safe houses .
Gradually , 18,000 heads of livestock will also be moved to winter pastures .
Turks County has also organized emergency personnel to be on 24 - hour ice icicle prevention duty so to deal with any new dangers that might arise .
To remove the threat that the ice icicle caused to the local herders , the local government has invested over five million yuan in building 129 new houses in Kalatuohai Township , which are being used to settle the herders under threat from the ice icicle .
Turks River is a main branch of Ili River and joins Kashi River and Gong Naisi River , making Ili River the biggest river by volume of water in Xinjiang .
Last year , in the middle of December , an ice icicle flooding once occured in Turks River , which had not been seen for fifty years .
The ice icicle flooding that occurred this time is a full month earlier than last year .
The Forum to Commemorate the Seventieth Anniversary of the Xi'an Incident was held today in Beijing .
Member of the CPP Politburo Standing Committee and CPPCC Chairman Jia Qinglin attended and made a speech .
In his speech , Jia Qinglin first expressed lofty respect and heartfelt memories on the part of the CCP Central Committee for the two generals Zhang Xueliang and Yang Hucheng , for all the patriotic men of ideals who made contributions in the Xi'an Incident and for all those martyrs who sacrificed their lives and previous generations who struggled for the national independence and national liberation .
Jia Qinglin said that the Xi'an Incident was a twentieth - century historical event of great significance .
At a key moment when the country and the people were facing calamity , the two generals Zhang Xueliang and Yang Hucheng , under the influence of the CCP 's united front policy of resisting the Japanese and impelled by the Anti-Japanese and National Salvation Movement of the nation 's people , and out of national spirit and true patriotism , initiated without hesitation an armed remonstrance in Xi'an on December 12 , 1936 and demanded that Chiang Kai - shek halt the civil war and join with the Communist in fighting Japan .
Through the joint efforts of the CCP , the two generals Zhang Xueliang and Yang Hucheng , as well as all levels of society and forces within the KMT advocating resistance against Japan , the Xi'an Incident was peacefully resolved , essentially ending ten years of civil war and fulfilling an important condition for the Anti-Japanese National United Front and the all - out war of resistance based on the cooperation between the KMT and the CCP .
New Zealand Prime Minister Clark said on the fifth that the Fijian president had ordered the suspension of parliament that day and agreed to remove Prime Minister Qarase 's position .
Clark said in the statement to New Zealand 's parliament that the conduct of coup d'etat by Fiji 's military had violated the constitution .
New Zealand has already cut its ties with the Fijian military .
It will also impose sanctions on the Fijian military and bar senior Fijian military officers and their family members from traveling to New Zealand .
Australia has also said it will impose sanctions on Fiji 's military .
Earlier that day , Fijian soldiers surrounded the Government House located in the capital Suva and confiscated the vehicles of Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase and some of the cabinet ministers , trapping Qarase in his residence .
Qarase said that a military coup d'etat against the government had already taken place .
But he affirmed that he was the democratically - elected and lawful prime minister and that threats by the military would not cause him to resign .
According to a different report in the Associated Press , Qarase also sent a telegram on the same day to Australian Prime Minister Howard asking Australia to intercede militarily in the situation in Fiji , but his request met with a refusal .
So far , the Fijian capital Suva , the southern tourist city of Nadi and other major cities are all under military control .
But the overall situation in Fiji is generally stable and no incidents of violence have occurred .
After a large quantity of the radioactive material polonium was detected in the body of former Russian agent Litvinenko , who died of poisoning , the British police conducted random dragnet investigations in areas related to Litvinenko , and as a result found polonium in 12 of these locations .
At the same time , the four passenger planes flown by people related to the death of Litvinenko also went through radioactive checks one after another , and the possibility of nuclear radiation in two of the planes has been ruled out .
On November 30 , British Interior Minister Reid confirmed in the British Parliament that relative experts have placed 24 locations , including two British Airways passenger planes , under surveillance , and as a result , they have found polonium in 12 of these locations .
In addition , a British Airways airplane parked at Moscow International Airport and a Russian passenger plane that arrived in London were also checked for radioactive material .
As of that night , experts have ruled out the possibility of nuclear radiation in two of these four planes .
Reid said that more planes might be brought into the investigation .
Reid also disclosed that a few thousand of the approximately 30,000 passengers have made phone inquiries .
Of these , 18 who may have been exposed to polonium were sent to special medical institutes for examination ; but 29 of the urine samples have all indicated negative results .
On Monday a large group of Hezbollah supporters continued to camp out in the center of the city for the fourth consecutive day , carrying out an indefinite sit - in demonstration .
They surrounded Prime Minister Siniora 's office building , demanding the ouster of the pro-Western government .
Meanwhile , military authorities continued to dispatch large numbers of soldiers and tanks to the neighborhood to maintain security .
Siniora has already made clear that he will not resign , and warned demonstrators that raiding the cabinet headquarters would lead to sectarian strife .
In the meantime , after the body of 20 - year - old Shiite youth Mahmoud , who was shot to death in Sunday 's sectarian fighting , was claimed by his family , his coffin was covered on Monday evening with a national flag and sent by people of the opposition groups to the site of that day 's fighting in Beirut .
Thousands of anti-government demonstrators held a rally at the site .
The opposition groups planned to hold a funeral service for the deceased on Tuesday , and threatened that they would continue demonstrations in an attempt to overthrow the government .
After a group made of Shiite Hezbollah supporters concluded demonstrations on Sunday , they clashed with Sunni Muslims .
The two sides fired at each other , leaving one person dead and 21 people wounded .
Military authorities are investigating the incident .
The US - North Korean financial working group has ended its second session of discussions on the issue of financial sanctions .
For the most recent details , we will now connect to Phoenix Satellite TV 's reporter in Beijing , Qin Feng .
Hello , Qin Feng .
What was the main topic of discussion for the US - North Korean finance working group today ?
And what results were achieved ?
Yes , Anchorman .
The third day of the Six Party Talks has also ended .
What all sides were focusing on today , eh , was still the bilateral discussions between the US and North Korea on the issue of financial sanctions .
This morning at ten o'clock the two sides of US and North Korea met at the North Korean embassy in Beijing .
And the meeting lasted five hours , ending at around three that afternoon .
Regarding the content of the talks , eh , we speculate , eh , that it was probably on a few particular issues , including among them North Korea 's demand that the US end the freeze on its assets in the Banco Delta Asia in Macao .
Besides this , eh , it also wants an end to the freeze on the American assets of eight North Korean companies .
Will the US agree or concede to North Korea 's demands ?
We still have no idea about this , but the US could possibly acknowledge that North Korea 's twelve million US dollars out of twenty - four million US dollars in the Banco Delta Asia in Macao are legal and do not involve money laundering , weapons proliferation or counterfeiting .
A while ago we talked about the dispute that arose between five overseas students from mainland China and their college because they were not satisfied with the education and the refund procedures at Toronto Polytechnic Institute .
In fact , ah , Chinese overseas students being cheated in Canada is not accidental .
At the beginning of this year , uh , the Ontario Ministry of Education revoked the licenses of five private schools on the grounds of being found to have been falsifying and raising students ' grades at will .
As a result , the admission qualifications of Chinese overseas students who have ever studied at these schools have been revoked .
Recently , uh , it has been again reported in the news that at another private college the students were unable to receive their degree certificates after four years of study .
The Global Chinese Press has published an editorial on this series of events , saying why Chinese overseas students in Canada repeatedly get cheated .
In the editorial , uh , it says there are several reasons .
One is , uh , that not enough attention is paid to the pre-warnings issued by the Chinese Ministry of Education for studying abroad .
Second is that some overseas students and parents lack a rational attitude , stepping onto the risky springboard , even when they know fully well that the schools have problems , but in order to get a visa and quickly emigrate .
Third , uh , is that the information for studying abroad has false and exaggerated elements that seriously mislead students .
What is worth noting is , uh , that the Chinese and English versions of the webpages of many private schools are not the same .
The English versions are relatively a little more honest , but the Chinese versions are given to exaggeration .
Here , ah , we want to give a reminder to those students with dreams of studying abroad : you must think very carefully before you choose your school .
At the request of the Huang family , the court conducted a judicial assessment of this will .
The conclusion was that the will was written by Xu Changlin , but no conclusion could be made as to when Huang Zhuqin 's stamp was affixed .
On August 3 , 2006 , Shanghai Xuhui District Court made a judgment as the court of first instance .
Since the first three wills were respectively written on November 21 , 1994 , August 17 , 1998 , and February 24 , 1999 , while the fourth will was written on September 15 , 1999 , at a time after those three wills , the court therefore decided that Xu Changlin 's fourth will should prevail according to the law .
However , the fourth will could only reflect Xu Changlin 's opinions on the disposition of the estate under his own name .
Meanwhile , Huang Zhuqin 's family letter in October 2004 reflected her pre-death wish to dispose of the estate by herself .
Since Huang Zhuqin did not leave any will , the residential unit on Xietu Road , a property allocated to Huang Zhuqin , should be inherited by her heirs according to the legal process .
The court ruled that the property right of the Room 207 residential unit at 2899 Xietu Road , Shanghai , under the name of Huang Zhuqin , the inherited , should be awarded to plaintiffs Xu Yongxiang and Xu Rulun and defendant Xu Changqing , with each entitled to one - third ownership .
Plaintiffs and defendants shall pay the third parties Huang Songling , Huang Zhiling , and Huang Meiling the pro rata value of the property at 133,000 yuan each .
It 's close to year end , and car manufacturers and dealers have one by one fired off their last round of price wars for this year .
In Beijing 's auto market , the reduction levels of some medium - grade cars even reached as much as 30,000 Yuan .
Compared to the situation of price reductions in previous years , it is neither the relatively price - sensitive economic car models nor the slow - selling cars that are leading the wave of price cuts at this year - end ; rather the medium - grade cars have become the main force of this year 's price reductions .
Like this Honda Fit behind me , two days ago it was priced at 116,800 Yuan , but today it is selling for only 92,800 Yuan .
A discount of 24,000 is very attractive , and in the time of merely half an hour , this dealer sold two Honda Fit cars .
Considering the prices , uh , people feel that a discount of over 20,000 Yuan in this period is quite appropriate .
It is understood that till now , over 50 car models with domestic brands have reduced their prices at the same time .
Among these , the reduction rate is larger for smaller and mid-sized cars , such as Honda City , Toyota Vios , Hyundai Accent , Chevy Lova , Honda Fit , Hyundai Elantra , Hyundai Sonata , Toyota Crown , and Honda Accord , where price reductions ranged from about 10 percent to 20 percent .
Once at the year - end , in order to receive higher return points from the auto manufacturers , car dealers will all aim at higher annual total sales .
This is also the main reason why car prices have all dropped at the end of the year .
If you want to buy a car , eh , this is the time , ah , to shop around a little bit more .
For many overseas immigrants , becoming a citizen is a matter of great concern .
And passing the citizenship examination is one of the hurdles they must overcome .
Recently , ah , the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services has changed the format of their citizenship exams .
This decision has increased the difficulties of Chinese becoming U.S. citizens , and has resulted in quite some repercussions among the Chinese community .
Let us look at a report from the American Chinese - language television .
After the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services announced the questions for the new citizenship exam , there were mixed reactions within the Chinese communities , in particular from some of the elderly who wished to become citizens .
Some felt that it would be more difficult to become naturalized citizens from now on .
Some citizenship classes are also forced to update their existing curricula .
It is generally believed that the revised naturalization questions will increase the difficulty of the exam .
Currently , most of the questions only require simple answers to be satisfactory .
However , from the known portions of the new exam questions , future exams will assess naturalization applicants ' knowledge in areas like American social and political history ; and applicants need to extend and elaborate their answers .
For instance , current applicants only need to know that the structure of the U.S. government is a separation of powers among the legislative , executive , and judicial branches , but future applicants will need to answer why there is a need for such a separation of powers .
So for those who do not have a good command of English , they will usually find it more difficult .
The UN Security Council , uh , has already reached consensus that it will vote on the draft resolution , uh , concerning the Iran nuclear issue on the morning of the 22nd of New York time , oh , that is , uh , today .
The draft resolution has already been revised once .
Well , the main revised part of the draft resolution , uh , is that it will no longer insist on this provision imposing such travel ban on people involved in Iran 's nuclear programs .
Well , now the US side said , uh , that they are quite confident about the passage of the draft resolution .
And US Secretary of State Rice also said on Thursday that the US supports this draft resolution on the UN sanctions against Iran drafted by the UK , Germany , and France .
Er , this draft resolution , uh , prohibits other countries from exporting to Iran materials or technologies related to its nuclear programs .
So , the UN Security Council , uh , may hold a vote on this draft resolution on Friday .
Rice said she was very confident .
On Thursday the five permanent member states on the UN Security Council plus representatives from Germany continued to hold informal consultations on the resolution mandating sanctions against Iran , and may submit it for voting on Friday .
Diplomats revealed that citing the sanctions article of Chapter 7 of the UN Charter , the resolution will ban any country from exporting nuclear technologies or nuclear materials to Iran .
On Monday , November 27 , Iraqi President Talabani went to Iran to meet with Iranian President Ahmadinejad .
At the same time , US President Bush would also go to the Middle East to hold a meeting with Iraqi Prime Minister Al - Maliki to jointly seek a solution to the deteriorating Iraq problem within a world - scope .
The meeting between Talabani and Iranian President Ahmadinejad was originally set for last Saturday .
But due to last Thursday 's bombing incident occured in Iraq 's Al - Sadr City that led to the death of more than two hundred people , Iraq closed Baghdad International Airport and started a curfew .
The talks therefore were postponed .
Baghdad police said this was the most serious attack incident since the war started .
Under the pressure , Iraq and Bush administration began to seek a solution worldwide to stop the violent conflict in Iraq .
The US refused to negotiate with Iran or Syria on achieving the peace and stability in Iraq and said that the two countries are supporters of the rebels in Iraq .
But according to a report in the New York Times , a study group on US strategic programs in Iraq has urged Bush administration to adopt more active regional diplomatic policies , including , among other things , holding direct talks with Iran and Syria .
Currently overseas , books , er , related to China invariably attract the attention of readers and professionals .
Recently , a book on Rong Yiren and his family by a Chinese living in Japan won an award at an important awards event in the local cultural community .
Let 's take a look at the report from Japan 's Daifu TV .
Recently , the award ceremony for the Eighteenth Asia Pacific Award organized by Japan 's Mainichi Shimbun and the Asian Affairs Research Council was held at the Japanese Press Center .
Takushoku University professor Wang Shuguang , a Chinese living in Japan , received an Award of Excellence for his book The Pulse of the Rong Clan , which uses with Rong Yiren and his family as the subject matter .
At the award ceremony , Professor Wang Shuguang said that as a Chinese scholar , he felt extremely happy about being able to receive such an honor .
At the same time , he also thanked Japanese friends , Takushoku University and others who gave him support .
As this year 's Asia Pacific Awards , a total of one Most Outstanding Award and three Awards of Excellence were chosen .
They were chosen from among more than eighty works submitted .
The judging committee explained that almost a half of the submitted works had China - related content .
Furthermore , of the four prize - winning books , two dealt with China - related or Sino - Japanese - related subject matters .
The Asia Pacific Award is a prize to reward outstanding works on the politics , economics , diplomatic relations , culture and other aspects of the Asia Pacific region .
It has an important influence on Japan 's academic and publishing communities .
On the thirteenth , the European Parliament passed new automobile emissions standards -- the Euro 5 and Euro 6 Standards .
This means that the European Union will further increase restrictions on vehicle emissions , especially the emission of dust particles and nitrogen oxide .
Automobile exhaust has become one of the main sources of urban air pollution .
In order to improve the air quality in all Europe 's cities , the European Union -- having put the Euro 4 emission standards into effect on January 1 , 2005 -- has now drafted the stricter Euro 5 and Euro 6 Emission Standards .
The Euro 5 and Euro 6 Emission Standards significantly increase dust - particle and nitrogen - oxide emission requirements for cars and buses .
Under the Euro 5 Emission Standards , particle emissions for diesel cars will be reduced by eighteen percent .
And once the Euro 6 Standards have been put into effect , nitrogen - oxide emissions for diesel cars will have been reduced sixty - eight percent from the present .
The Euro 5 Standards require that from September 2009 all diesel cars sold in Europe be fitted with particle filters .
Current existing diesel vehicles can have the alterations done before January 2011 .
The Euro 6 Standards will come into effect in 2014 .
Recently the issue of how to deal with the deposits for public transport cards in Shanghai has attracted widespread public attention .
Today , Shanghai Public Transport Card Company and the regulatory body for the industry , Shanghai Municipal Construction and Transport Commission , made a formal statement on the affair of the transit card deposits that they would conduct an audit on the issue of transit card deposits and would make the results of the audit public .
Previously , the Shanghai Public Transportation Card Co. , Ltd had made an announcement saying that their original setting of the deposit at 30 yuan for each card was based on the market price of similar cards at that time .
For example , the deposit for Hong Kong 's Octopus Card was 50 HK dollars .
The number of comprehensive transport cards currently in circulation is about 12 million .
The cost of each card is about 20 yuan .
The excess part , after deducting the cost of the card , is deposited into a bank at savings deposit interest rate .
The added - value part is mainly used for the investments , such as in operating the system and improving the service facilities for city residents and others .
But the announcement did not yet elaborate on the list of specific expenditures for the added - value part of the deposits nor on whether or not it would adjust the deposit amount .
In response , the Shanghai Municipal Consumer Rights Protection Commission said that the uses of the comprehensive transport card deposit and the interest it earned should be clearly announced to the public .
And , according to the relevant State Council regulations , the amount of the comprehensive transport card deposit should be reduced .
Let 's take a look at South Korea again .
Reporters have been waiting for an entire day at the South Korean Press Center , but the head of the delegation Chun Yung - Woo had still not appeared .
At 6:30 in the evening , the deputy head of South Korean delegation , in place of Chun Yung - woo , finally arrived in a hurry .
However , the press briefing room was only open to Korean reporters .
China 's Central Television , Xinhua News Agency , as well as Reuters , Japan 's NHK , and many other media were all kept outside the gate .
The internal exchanges exclusively enjoyed by South Korean reporters lasted 15 minutes .
Soon after , South Korea 's deputy head , who did not want to disclose his name nor face to the cameras , briefly reported on today 's meeting to these reporters who had been waiting outside for a long time .
He said that apart from Japan , presently , North Korea had already conducted bilateral consultations with all other four countries .
The talks between North Korea and the U.S. , which have attracted much attention , were conducted in a harmonious manner , but no new proposals were raised , nor were there concrete measures on the abandonment of North Korea 's nuclear program .
It is estimated that the two countries will continue to discuss the U.S. financial sanctions on North Korea tomorrow . And that this round of six - party talks may conclude before Christmas .
Last night , the head of Japanese the six - party talks delegation Kenichiro Sasae noted that the results of the talks in the second day were not optimistic , and were in fact quite a distance from the expected results of the talks for all the participating countries .
According to what the human rights organizations reveal , a Chinese scholar of the Chinese Academy of Social Studies , Lu Jianhua , who was involved in the case of Hong Kong senior reporter Ching Cheong , was secretly tried and sentenced to 20 years by the authorities .
But Lu Jianhua 's family had no knowledge at all about this trial .
Hong Kong legal expert Wong Yau - Gumm pointed out that the verdict was unfair .
He said , As an accomplice , Lu Jianhua was singularly and heavily sentenced to 20 years ; it is believed that the CPC wants to use this opportunity to discipline officials within the system .
Please watch the detailed report .
Headquartered in Hong Kong , China Human Rights Information Center disclosed on Tuesday that Beijing No. 2 Intermediate People 's Court secretly sentenced Lu Jianhua to 20 years in prison for leaking state secrets .
It is understood that so far Lu Jianhua had not pleaded guilty , neither had he hired a defense lawyer .
The officials have not released the contents of the verdict either .
Lu Jianhua 's wife , Madam Qu , verified the information only after she had called the court .
She said she will lodge an appeal .
Hong Kong legal expert Wang Jin , who is familiar with mainland Chinese laws , believed that the authorities sentenced excessively heavily on Lu Jianhua ; one reason was that Lu Jianhua is a citizen of mainland China , and the other reason is that the authorities wanted to severely discipline people within the system with this opportunity .
Fiji 's military commander Bainimarama , who launched a coup on the 5th , held a swear - in ceremony today in the capital Suva , appointing Jona , who has no political background , to be the prime minister of the interim government .
On the same day , Bainimarama declared a national state of emergency and ordered all military reservists back to the barracks .
Bainimarama said that the appointment of Senilagakali as prime minister of the interim government conforms to the relevant provision of Fiji 's constitution .
The main duty of a prime minister is to assist the dissolution of the parliament .
At the same time , Bainimarama declared a national state of emergency .
He said that currently the Fijian military has completely taken over the government and the parliament , and is in control of the entire country .
A military committee of the military government will be responsible for administration of state affairs .
The nature of the military government is transitional , and its goal is to lead the country to positive administration , expose corruption and evil doings , and increase the benefits of the people as soon as possible .
The communique also said that the military government will impose curfew if necessary , calling on the Fijian people to give support and exercise patience .
In addition , according to a report by Fiji 's TV station Legend FM , Qarase and his wife Leba had been taken from their residence before dawn on the 6th and flown by charter plane to his hometown , Lau Province , the outlying northeast province in Fiji .
Exactly the day before , Qarase still insisted that he was the legitimate leader of Fiji and that many people still supported him .
The Ministry of Education today issued the fifth pre-warning for studying abroad in 2006 .
The enrollment of seven private schools in Singapore has been revoked or suspended .
Of these seven schools , the Protection Scheme eligibility of the Oriental School of Business has been revoked by the Consumer Association of Singapore .
In addition , the six private schools -- the Protection Scheme eligibility of Singapore Institute of Commerce , Louis Preston Business School , Louis Preston Travel & Tourism Training Center , Singapore 's Stansfield College , Lions Club of Singapore - Nanyang , and Froebel School of Education -- have been suspended by the Consumer Association of Singapore .
According to the Singaporean regulations , schools whose Protection Scheme eligibility has been revoked or suspended by the Consumer Association shall not be able to enroll foreign students any more or must suspend the enrollment of foreign students .
Therefore , the Ministry of Education especially reminds students going to study abroad and international students recruitment agencies not to choose the above seven schools when applying for studying in Singapore .
When applying to schools , make sure to verify whether their qualifications have been certified by the education office of the Chinese embassy and whether they have obtained the Quality Class certification by SPRING Singapore .
Yet another Chinese reporter has been arrested .
His name is Shi Tao , and he was once a reporter for Contemporary Business Daily in Hunan , Changsha .
In April 2004 , Shi Tao attended an internal meeting of the Contemporary Business Daily .
During the meeting , his supervisor gave a verbal notification on how the CPC Central Committee Office wanted the 15th anniversary of the June 4 Incident to be covered .
Shi Tao made a general recording of the notification , and sent the information via his Yahoo email to a friend from the Overseas Democratic Net Communications , notifying democratic activists not to return home around the anniversary of the June 4 so as to avoid being arrested .
Seven days later , Shi Tao was suddenly arrested .
On April 27 , 2005 , Shi Tao was sentenced to ten years in prison for the crime of illegally providing state secrets to the outside world .
This is a classic accusation , as well as a classic case .
Just like many intellectuals who were punished for what they had said , 37 - year - old Shi Tao was probably more or less mentally prepared for his plight .
But what he could never have imagined was that one of the hands that had pushed him behind the iron bars was a business conglomerate of the democratic world , Yahoo .
Regarding the progress of the North Korea nuclear issue , uh , Korean Central News Agency released an editorial yesterday .
In this editorial , it mentioned , uh , saying that the entire international community is earnestly anticipating that the six party talks could resume .
Japan is the only exception .
Among these , uh , it also accused , saying that Japan intended to sabotage the six party talks , so as to prevent the North Korea nuclear issue from being fairly resolved .
Prior to the holding of six party talks on the North Korea nuclear issue , uh , Japan requested that North Korea must abandon its nuclear program and meanwhile , must also resolve the hostage issue between Japan and North Korea .
This editorial believed , saying that , ah , this , uh , actually had poisoned the negotiation atmosphere of the six - party talks .
Well , at the same time , uh , this editorial , uh , also believed , saying that the hostage issue and the North Korea nuclear issue were in fact two totally unrelated issues , so it did not make any sense that Japan raised this issue .
It also denounced the earlier speech , uh , by er , Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Aso .
Taro Aso proposed at an earlier time , saying that , uh , Japan would not accept North Korea as a nuclear country returning to the negotiation table , meanwhile , uh , also requesting that North Korea must dismantle its nuclear weapons .
Well , with regard to the US , uh , if it did not change its position , this editorial also said , it would then be impossible to hold the six - party talks on the North Korea nuclear issue in December , nor would it be possible in the future unless the US changed its position .
In order to promote professional and technical personnel exchange across the strait , the Ministry of Personnel , the Ministry of Construction , and the Taiwan Affairs Office have jointly issued a notification on issues related to the authorization of Taiwan - area residents receiving qualifications as registered architects .
It has been decided that starting in 2007 Taiwan - area residents will be permitted to take mainland China 's registered architect examination -LRB- RAE -RRB- .
Moreover , one - time evaluation will be initiated for senior architects from the Taiwan area in order to recognize the qualifications of first - grade registered architects .
The notification makes clear that Taiwanese residents can participate in the mainland 's unified registered architect exam .
Exam questions and prerequisites for exam registration are identical to requirements for mainland examinees .
Taiwanese residents can , based on the principles of proximity and personal choice , submit an application and undergo registration qualification assessment with the administration agency in charge of registered architect testing in any of the mainland 's provinces , autonomous regions or directly governed cities .
The notification also makes clear the specific requirements of the one - time evaluation and recognition for some qualified senior Taiwanese architects .
Those who obtain a first - grade registered architect qualification certificate through the assessment recognition process and who work in mainland China can submit an application for a registration to the National Administration Board of Architectural Registration .
Today , the State Cultural Relic Bureau made public the recently revised Provisional List of National World Heritage Sites .
The new list contains thirty - five provisional heritage projects that will be subject to an expert consultative system and developmental inspection and management .
Under the provisions of the Convention Concerning the Protection of the World Cultural and Natural Heritage , a provisional list of items for inclusion as a world heritage site is a precondition for application to gain world heritage site status .
In 1996 , our country submitted the first batch of preliminary lists to the UNESCO World Heritage Center .
Ten years have passed since then .
But in recent years there have been a lot of changes in the international heritage protection domain with regards to regulations on application and approval of world heritage site status .
For this reason , in the revised Provisional List of National World Heritage Sites , some of the previous application items have been integrated together and the new project of industrial heritage has been added , while the relatively fixed administrative method has been broken down .
An expert committee composed of experts familiar with world heritage site protection and management will be responsible for conducting developmental supervision and inspection over the preparation of heritage site projects .
Henceforth , provisional cultural heritage items that are not properly protected could be taken off the list at any time and lose their right to apply .
On this day , Yamashita Park located in Yokohama 's Chinatown was exceptionally lively .
Many overseas Chinese and community groups gathered there to wait for the commencement of the Chinese Culture and Costume Parade .
At 3:30 p.m. , the parade officially began amid the loud sounds emitted by firecrackers .
Local performance troupes from Yokohama put up splendid performances of the lion dance , Chinese kung - fu , and Taiji fans , and were rewarded with many rounds of applause .
Among the parade of the performers , the most eye - catching were those young ladies donning the costumes of various Chinese minority groups , demonstrating the charms of unique Chinese costumes .
The performance parade started from Yamashita park , and made its way past famous attractions in Chinatown such as the Temple of Guan Yu , the Pearl Restaurant , and so on .
Along the route , the watching crowds packed the street .
Even owners of the shops along the streets were attracted by the festivities and came out to watch one after another .
The entire Chinatown was immersed in a festive and peaceful atmosphere .
Chinese Ambassador to Japan Wang Yi also made a special trip to Yokohama 's Chinatown in order to watch the performances .
This Chinese Culture and Costume Parade not only offered the audience an understanding of traditional Chinese costumes , it also allowed them to experience the charms of traditional Chinese culture ; at the same time , it also created a rare opportunity for a friendly people - to - people exchange between Japan and China .
Watching television while exchanging opinion and interacting with it -- this is very difficult to be achieved in an ordinary household .
But since CCTV officially commenced its cell phone television yesterday , doing so will no longer be difficult .
All that is needed is a cell phone that supports streaming media technology , and the user then can watch his or her favorite CCTV cell phone programs anywhere and at any time .
You can , then also be able to watch TV interactively , and well , during live broadcasts , you can view them on demand or download the programs , or even participate in voting and commentary , and etc .
According to an introduction by the person in charge , CCTV cell phone television presently already has some most basic interactive elements such as popular word searches and customized programs .
It is estimated that by the time of the Spring Festival Gala next year , audiences who watch CCTV cell phone television programs will be able to upload their own video and audio , and express their views and comments live .
According to the introduction of the experts , the number of cell phone users in China had reached 450 million in 2006 .
This is a huge potential market .
The development prospect of China 's mobile television is very broad .
A vast area of about 60 counties in the south of Jiangxi Province and the west of Fujian province was known as the base for the Central Revolution during the period of the Agrarian Revolutionary War , and it was also called the Central Soviet Area .
From November 1927 to June 1928 , with the outbreak of armed uprisings in the southwest of Jiangxi Province and the west of Fujian Province , revolutionary bases in Donggu , Qiaotou and Yongding Lake South Lane were established one after another , and the foundation for the Central Soviet Area was gradually laid .
In January 1929 , Mao Zedong and Zhu De also developed revolutionary bases in the south of Jiangxi Province and the west of Fujian Province .
Later on , Red Legion No. 1 and Red Legion No. 3 joined forces , and formed the First Red Front Army .
The Red Army was growing day by day in strength .
In January 1931 , the Central Bureau of the Central Soviet Area was established .
In September , after the army and people of the Central Soviet Area crushed KMT 's third encirclement , the two parts to the south of Jiangxi province and the west of Fujian province were joined together and the base was expanded to more than 30 counties .
In November , the provisional central government of the Chinese Soviet Republic was formed , and Mao Zedong was the chairman .
At the same time , the Central Revolutionary Military Commission of the Chinese Soviet Republic was organized .
So far , the Central Revolutionary Base had been formally established .
In the fall of 1933 , the Central Soviet Area had soviet power in four provinces including Jiangxi , Fujian , Mingan and Yuegan , with a total of 60 executive counties , and became the largest revolutionary base in the entire country .
A major road accident occurred in the Meili District of Tainan on the 3rd , killing twenty - one people .
The initial assessment by the police is that the accident was caused by a brake malfunction and a burst rear - right tire .
Lin Chia - zheng , who was in charge of the operation of the tour bus , has been detained .
Inspectors from Tainan went to the scene of the accident on the 4th to investigate the cause of the accident .
Based on a preliminary assessment of the skid marks reaching forty meters in length that were left on the ground , the accident was probably the result of a brake malfunction and a burst rear right tire that caused a loss of control over the vehicle body .
Another investigator said that excessive speed leading to a loss of control as the vehicle involved in the accident descended the slope could also possibly have been a factor .
The inspectors also discovered during the investigation that the driver was possibly driving without a license .
Taiwanese media reported that , according to regulations , the families of those killed in the vehicle accident can collect a settlement of NT$ 2.5 million to NT$ 9 million .
But because the driver was driving without a license , it is very possible that the settlement funds will not be given .
However , the Kaohsiung municipal government will give the families of those killed between two thousand to sixty thousand dollars in consolation funds .
The Ding Jin Elementary School Parents Association of Kaohsiung , Taiwan were holding a regular year - end outing on December 3 .
The tour bus they were in accidentally rolled over as it was traveling through Meili County in Tainan and plummeted into a mountain gorge more than twenty meters deep .
Twenty - one of the forty - five people in the bus were killed and twenty - four were seriously injured .
Recently , er , Interpol , ah , has been focusing a lot of attention on , ah , this affair of North Korea , er , counterfeiting currency .
Well , they say , er , that North Korea , er , is now producing on a large scale , this , a kind of bill with a face value of 100 US dollars , which is called a super fake note .
The so - called super fake note means it has an extremely high accuracy in copying .
We can have a look .
At the top is a real note and at the bottom is a fake note .
But with a naked eye like ours , %pw , it is at this distance we ca n't see that there 's any difference .
In a word , this kind of fake note , uh , really is %pw , extremely accomplished .
Normal people , uh , could hardly tell the difference .
So , now , er , the US Treasury Department has brought out an announcement , saying that ah , the fake notes , ah , produced by North Korea , um , were actually produced and circulated with the agreement of the government , and under the management and control of the government .
So , they have so far , er , discovered in total that North Korea has made at least 50 million US dollars of this kind of , fake , um , US currency .
Um , in fact , er , this time of last year , the US government had put Banco Delta Asia of Macau , suspected of laundering money for North Korea , on a black list .
It was because of this affair , uh , that North Korea at that time boycotted the six - party talks for one year .
In order to raise money for charity for orphans in the SOS Children 's Villages , on the fifth , a pair of American sexagenarians set out from Texas aboard a helicopter to begin their second trip around the poles .
Early in the morning , sixty - six - year - old Jennifer Murray and fifty - five - year - old Colin Bodill made their way to the departure point one by one to begin the final preparations for the new journey .
This time , what they fly is also a red Bell 407 helicopter .
According to their plans , the two seniors will cross South America to get to the South Pole and then turn the helicopter around to head for the North Pole , and finally take a path across Russia and other European countries before crossing Canada to return to the US .
The entire trip will be completed in May of next year .
It will take one hundred and sixty - nine days , cross thirty - four countries and fly more than thirty - six thousand nautical miles .
Besides collecting money for charity , they will also photograph and survey changes in the geographical environment along the route , especially the threatening situation posed by global warming to the polar glaciers , and so on .
Actually , as early as the end of 2003 , Jennifer and Colin had already made an attempt at realizing their dream of flying over the two poles .
But due to the peculiar polar weather condition , the helicopter crashed in the end on the South Pole 's Ronne Ice Shelf .
Fortunately , the two both managed to survive .
Colin was also awarded two medals of courage due to his saving of his partner 's life .
South Korean President Roh Moo - hyun is currently on a formal three - day visit to Indonesia .
He is expected to meet with the Indonesian president and discuss bilateral cooperation projects on nuclear energy , petroleum , and natural gas .
South Korean President Roh Moo - hyun is expected to sign a cooperation agreement on nuclear energy with Indonesian President Yudhoyono on Monday , December 4 .
Nuclear power generation occupies an important position in South Korea , while the petroleum and liquefied gas that South Korea uses rely entirely on imports .
At present there are 20 nuclear power stations in South Korea , supplying 40 percent of the nation 's electricity source .
As an OPEC member state , Indonesia is now actively pushing for energy diversity and has started to emphasize nuclear power generation as an alternative .
South Korea is a major consumer for Indonesia 's liquefied gas , but Indonesia recently said it would reduce the exports of liquefied natural gas so as to meet domestic energy needs .
The leaders of the two countries are expected to discuss bilateral cooperation relationships on nuclear energy , petroleum , and natural gas and to sign mutually beneficial agreements on tourism , forestry , anti-bribery , and other fields .
Yudhoyono originally planned to visit Seoul in July , but because of the tense situation caused by North Korea 's nuclear bomb test , his visit to South Korea had been postponed .
There are now new progresses in the investigation of murder of former Russian agent Litvinenko .
German investigators said that there were other people in this case , eh , who were also poisoned .
Ah , this person is Russian businessman Kovtun , who is now being treated in a Moscow hospital .
He may be the person who had committed the crime .
The German authorities have also launched an investigation , and , eh , have also found residue of polonium in many places in Hamburg .
German investigators found residue of polonium in the homes of Kovtun 's former wife and mother - in - law , but emphasized that this would not pose any danger to the local people .
The workers respectively found traces of polonium in a car used to transport Kovtun , on a document he submitted to the German Immigration Bureau , and on the sofa in his ex-wife 's home .
German inspection officers said Kovtun flew to Hamburg from Moscow on October 28 .
On the night of October 31 , he visited his ex-wife 's residence , then flew to London from Hamburg on November 1 , and met Litvinenko on the same day .
But no traces of polonium were found in the affected aircrafts .
Litvinenko died of polonium poisoning on November 23 .
According to reports , Kovtun had also been poisoned and is now being treated in a Moscow hospital .
German inspectors have a preliminary suspicion that Kovtun may not be just a victim , but may also be the one who had committed the crime , and was suspected of handling polonium illegally in Moscow .
Authorities have already begun investigations .
Some sources say that Russian inspectors may travel to London to conduct investigations .
Litvinenko 's family and those who have once been in contact with him said on Sunday that if the authorities could guarantee their safety , they might agree to meet with the Russians .
The conference proposed that in positively carrying out economic work next year , the most important thing is to fully implement a concept of scientific development and to maintain steady and relatively rapid economic development , avoiding any big swings .
To realize the goals and tasks for next year 's economic work , efforts must be made to stabilize , improve , and implement policies ; to enhance and improve macro controls ; to exploit the enthusiasm of both the central and local governments ; and to more vigorously push forward reform and opening - up .
The following tasks must be positively carried out : stick to the paramount focus on resolving the three rural issues ; adjust the industrial structure ; and promote coordinated regional development .
We should pay attention to saving energy and reducing consumption , protecting the environment , and using land economically .
We should deepen economic system reforms , enhance the degree of opening up to the outside world , promote social harmony , and push forward administrative system reforms and government self - construction .
The conference stressed that leading cadres ' level of knowledge and competence in implementing a concept of scientific development must be urgently enhanced in order to implement the concept of scientific development and to strengthen and improve the party 's leadership in economic work .
Representatives from the 11 member states of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC were scheduled to convene a ministerial conference today in the Nigerian capital of Abuja .
One of the main topics at this conference is whether they should continue to reduce production .
However , just the day before the conference convened , various member states were still divided on this issue .
OPEC President on duty and Minister of State for Petroleum Resources of Nigeria Daukoru said on the 13th that this conference would determine the OPEC crude oil production policy for the next stage .
OPEC may decide to continue reducing production , but the rate of reduction will depend on oil prices and levels of inventories .
Daukoru said that OPEC will try its best to maintain stability in oil production so as to balance the relationship between oil supply and demand .
Saudi Arabia , the largest OPEC oil producing country , has always voted in favor of production reduction .
However , Libya , Kuwait , and other member states believe that the current international oil price has been stabilized at above 60 US dollars per barrel , approaching the balance of market supply and demand .
Under such circumstances , there is no need for OPEC to continue reducing production .
In October of this year , in response to the prospect of continuous decline in international oil prices , OPEC held a special ministerial conference and decided to reduce daily oil output by 1.2 million barrels starting from November 1 .
However , after the decision was announced , it did not produce any significant effect on boosting oil prices , so there was soon word from OPEC that it would continue discussing production reduction .
We not only need to carefully protect books and literature , but also should ensure that the natural environment is not destroyed .
In the natural world , colorful butterflies with lithe profiles have , since ancient times , been the theme for many writers and poets who had created many works with various styles .
But when it comes to using real butterflies as material , have you ever seen artistic expressions on paintings using butterflies ' wings ?
Recently , Chinese butterfly artist Mr. Wu Zequan brought his paintings of butterfly wings to Toronto , Canada , and displayed pieces of his unique works to the local community .
Let us enjoy them through the lenses of Canadian City Television .
This piece titled Longing uses a style which combines the abstract and the real , as described by Mr. Wu .
The abstract was assisted through a painting which depicts the feelings of longing of the person in the picture , and the actual images made use of various butterfly wings to manifest the beautiful costumes of the young lady .
For instance , the white shawl of the young lady was put together using common cabbage white butterflies .
The US Iraq Study Group 's report on the 6th made 79 recommendations to the Bush administration on its Iraq policy .
There are two key recommendations .
One is to urge the Bush administration to launch a new diplomatic offensive in the Middle East and Gulf , in particular , to hold talks with Iran and Syria on the resolution to the Iraqi sectarian conflicts .
The second is to change the primary tasks of the US military in Iraq and gradually withdraw the military from Iraq if conditions permit .
This study report says the situation in Iraq is very grave and deteriorating .
However , it is very careful in wording when making proposals and appears ambiguous at critical points .
For example , the report even just briefly touches on military withdrawal , an issue of the most concern .
If nothing unexpected will have happened in the security situation by March 2008 , the primary task of the US military in Iraq should be shifted to supporting the Iraqi military that assumes main military operations .
All the unnecessary combat troops will leave Iraq .
Some analyses think that this shows , on one hand , that the study group did not want to confront the Bush administration on this key and sensitive issue of military withdrawal , and on the other hand , it also shows that amidst the current mess in Iraq , both Republicans and Democrats find it very hard to come up with an effective and sure - fire proposal and action plan .
So , many Iraqis think this report is rather of little practical significance .
Given Iran 's refusal to suspend its uranium enrichment activities , three countries -- France , Britain and Germany -- with the support of the United States , circulated a draft resolution on sanctions against Iran at the UN Security Council on the 8th , in which , it suggested a sanction against the 12 Iranians suspected of involvement in the nuclear program .
However , according to a U.S. Washington Post report on the 11th , the list of Iranians provided by the U.S. State Department was actually obtained from an Internet search .
Even the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency had doubts about its accuracy .
According to insider sources cited by the Washington Post , the CIA felt that the U.S . had committed major mistakes in its intelligence provided to the UN Security Council prior to the Iraq War , hence they could not afford to make another mistake on the Iranian issue , and therefore refused to provide the list to the State Department .
The State Department had no choice but to assign a junior official to search for the names online .
After entering a few keywords , such as Iran nuclear program and others , this official selected 12 names with the highest hit rate , and finally wrote them into the Security Council draft resolution .
The draft clearly pointed out that these 12 people ought to be sanctioned , including placing a ban on their international travels and participation in international business activities .
According to reports , related CIA officials said none of the people mentioned on the list were directly related to Iran 's secret nuclear program .
But the U.S. State Department still included this list obtained from an Internet search in the UN Security Council draft resolution submitted by France , Germany , and Britain .
This will greatly weaken the persuasiveness of the draft .
Last Friday , Taipei District Court held the first trial in the court proceedings over the Executive Confidential fee case .
Wu Shu - chen , former Deputy Secretary General of Chen Shui - bian 's office Ma Yung - cheng , director Lindh , cashier Chen Cheng - hwei , and others were summoned to a court hearing .
Prosecution and defense debated whether the hearing of this case conformed to legal procedure .
The entire case will be heard again on the 22nd .
At that time , the collegiate bench will rule whether the case should continue to be heard .
When Wu Shu - chen appeared in court last Friday to undergo questioning , ill health resulted in her being rushed to the hospital .
She is still recuperating in the National Taiwan University Hospital .
Prior to this , a public prosecutive ombudsman suggested that if Wu Shu - chen was physically unwell , an exception could be made by letting her appear in court lying in bed .
But Wu Shu - chen 's attorney Gu - hsiung said that whether Wu Shu - chen would make another appearance in court was presently subject to observation .
A doctor from National Taiwan University Hospital said that after four days of recuperation in hospital , Wu Shu - chen 's condition had stabilized , but presently the state of her health was unfit for a court appearance .
But National Taiwan University Hospital spokesman Lin Ho - hsiung stressed that it was still too early to say if Wu Shu - chen could or could not appear in court .
Although Wu Shu - chen still needs to remain in hospital for observation , NTU Hospital also stressed that if it was necessary for her to appear in court on a bed , the hospital would cooperate .
Yes , although a wide range of topics will be discussed at this NATO summit , general public attention will be focused on : first , NATO 's eastward expansion and its relations with Russia , and second , NATO 's strategy in expanding its functions and powers in the 21st century .
Then , this NATO summit , eh , is being held at the doorsteps of Russia , in the capital of Latvia , eh , er , Riga ; this is also the first time that such a summit is being held in an Eastern European country , and that itself is provocative for Moscow .
In order to avoid provoking Russia , eh , the NATO summit may not directly announce the second batch of countries covered in the eastward expansion ; but indeed , Macedonia , Albania , and Azerbaijan , er , even , eh , Ukraine and Georgia , which are in tense relations with Russia , are all listed in the next batch of development .
And NATO hopes to work more closely with Asia - Pacific countries such as Japan , South Korea , and Australia ; and this makes it more puzzling as to how NATO is defining the scope and breadth of its future global partnership strategies .
Also , in addition to counter-terrorism and peacekeeping , eh , NATO also intended to place resources and energy security , as well as computer networks protection , into its scope of responsibilities in its new 21st century strategies .
This means that in the future , the reasons for NATO 's global military actions and other excuses , eh , to intervene in situations will all substantially increase .
NATO 's desire and goal to move from regional to global , eh , and from passive defense to active attack is now also becoming increasingly clear and evident .
Early in the morning , Kuomintang candidate Hao Lung - bin was also accompanied by Party Chairman Ma Ying - Jeou , canvassing on the streets of Taipei where the votes of the Green Camp were concentrated .
At voters ' request , Ma Ying - Jeou danced a cha - cha , bringing the atmosphere to an exciting climax .
Though leading in the polls , Hao Lung - bin still needs to be prudent , and will hold a major campaign event on the eve of the elections .
KMT Honorary Chairman Lien Chan will also attend to show his support .
The KMT has exerted its utmost effort to win the battle for Taipei mayor .
However , Kaohsiung is the major battlefield between the blue and the green camps .
In the next few days , the KMT will place all its focus on Kaohsiung .
Party chairman Ma Ying - Jeou has campaigned frequently in the South , and on Election Day he will also accompany candidate Huang Chun - ying to cast his vote there before he returns to Taipei .
Two days prior to the election , Chen Shui - bian and the leaders of the DPP will also divide into a few groups to accompany candidate Chen Chu and conduct a blanket canvass for votes in Kaohsiung , and focus on winning the votes .
The election battles for the mayors of Taipei and Kaohsiung are entering a white - hot sprinting stage , as candidates from both the blue and the green camps are exerting an all - out effort .
However , whatever the final result is , analysts pointed out that voters ' either high or low turnout rate on the 9th and the proportion trend of undecided voters will all be the important decisive factors .
Reported by CCTV reporter Ren Yongwei , in Taipei .
In a report which will be submitted to Congress today , the U.S. Trade Representative 's Office indicates that the major reforms , which China has undertaken since its WTO entry in 2001 , have greatly benefited American enterprises and consumers .
However , U.S. trade representative Schwab published an article and pointed out that there is some evidence to indicate that China 's reform momentum has been starting to slow down , which is disturbing .
In the report to be submitted to Congress , the U.S. Trade Representative 's Office said that China 's reforms since its WTO entry had provided plenty of benefits for U.S. enterprises and consumers .
However , U.S. officials expressed that the report also pointed out that in areas such as anti-piracy , export subsidies , creating obstacles for American agricultural products , publishing and other services , reforms have either retrogressed , or at least shown signs of slowing down .
In the article published in the Financial Times , Schwab pointed out that the United States had planned to lodge complaints on trade disputes , and also ensured that China honored its international commitments made upon joining WTO .
Schwab said that over the past one year , there are various signs indicating that the momentum of China 's economic reform has been starting to slow down , and the voices opposing further implementing market liberalization in China have been intensifying ; the government , particularly the provincial government , has also been enhancing its interventional power in the economy .
But she also acknowledged that over the past five years , China has accomplished tremendous achievements , such as enacting special laws to assist China 's trading system in adherence to WTO regulations .
The general bans faced by American companies operating in China are also being progressively reduced , but they still have to cope with regulatory obstacles .
Furthermore , the cross-party Iraq Study Group formed of former senior US political figures officially submitted a report on Iraq on Wednesday to US President Bush and Congress and also put forward ninety - seven recommendations .
The report says that the situation in Iraq is extremely severe and is still deteriorating day by day .
It recommends a major revision of US strategy toward the Iraq war .
At a press conference held on the same day , the members of the group also admitted that although the report provides the US government comprehensive and in-depth recommendations , due to the extremely complicated nature of the situation in Iraq , the report itself is not a cure - all for all problems .
Also , the research group does not propose in the report an actual timetable for troop withdrawal , but it nevertheless recommends that the US military withdraw almost all combat troops before the beginning of 2008 .
Furthermore , the task of the troops that stay behind should also be shifted from fighting to support functions .
The report warned the Bush government that it should not make an open - ended commitment to Iraq and urged Bush not to hesitate to use threats as a means to force the Iraqi government to improve the security situation .
Recently , ah , there have been figures indicating , eh , that nationally 4.13 million university students graduated in 2006 .
Of these , approximately 3.4 million plan to leave their hometown for other regions in order to seek work .
Now there are people targeting this market .
A job - seekers hostel especially for migrant job - seekers has appeared in Beijing .
It was four in the afternoon when our reporter arrived at the hostel , but most of the job - seekers were still elsewhere taking part in job fairs and not many had returned yet .
However , one could already hear accents from all over the country .
We wandered randomly through several guest rooms and discovered that most of the inhabitants were newly - graduated university students from other cities and provinces and had come to Beijing seeking work .
Taiyuan University of Technology , because everybody who comes to stay here is looking for jobs , uh , so here , there is quite a lot of information here .
We are all in Beijing for the first time .
The light is out at 11 PM , actually just like in a dormitory .
At the job - seekers hostel , you can see employment information all around .
The announcement column and message board are all full of job - search information .
In particular , they also point out the time and place of job fairs that day .
The person in charge of the hostel explained that currently there are about two hundred and forty - odd beds here , the cheapest going for just twenty yuan .
At present , the occupancy rate is about twenty percent .
To stay here , one must provide proof of college credentials or higher .
Current students have to provide their student ID .
At 9:30 in the morning of the twenty - second , the second session of the trial into the State Affairs Fund Case got underway .
Wu Shu - chen submitted an application to the court for absence due to illness and was granted permission not to appear in court .
The other three accused , Ma Yong - cheng , Lin Te - hsun and Chen cheng - hwei arrived in succession at the court to undergo interrogation .
During the trial , the defense lawyer continued to employ disruptive tactics by constantly bringing up issues of so - called unconstitutionality and asking that the trial into the case be halted .
But the judge still ruled that the case should continue to be heard .
Throughout the court room deliberations , the prosecution and defense maintained , tit for tat , an intense debate , but from start to finish they failed to touch on issues of substance .
As soon as the court was in session on the twenty - second , the defense lawyer brought up the issue of so - called unconstitutionality and asked that the court halt the hearing of the case .
The judge cited related statute in making a prompt determination and ruled the trial should continue .
Under the provisions of the island 's criminal procedure law , the judge 's ruling is the final decision and must be complied with .
Lawyers can not reintroduce an appeal .
But the defense lawyer still continued to harp incessantly to the judge on this issue , demanding that the presiding judge issue a written report and constantly raising protest on the basis of so - called unconstitutionality .
Finally , he was repeatedly checked by the presiding judge , who sternly demanded that the lawyer sit down and refrain from raising the issue of so - called unconstitutionality again .
During the trial , the prosecution also produced more than ten bags of invoices as original supporting evidence found in Chen Shui - bian 's office and inquired the accused .
Because some of the files were confidential , not all of them were publicly disclosed .
For this , the defense lawyer expressed his extreme dissatisfaction after the session had ended .
At 7:00AM of local time on the sixth , 8:00PM of Beijing time on the same day , the USA 's Iraq Study Group submitted to President Bush a policy report on Iraq which has been brewing for as long as six months .
According to this report , it suggested that the US conduct a staged withdrawal of troops from Iraq and requests that the US hold direct dialogues with Iran and Syria .
Early in the morning on the sixth , the members of the Iraq Study Group arrived at the White House and intended to submit the policy report on Iraq to President Bush .
According to the report of the Associated Press , this report appeals to the US government to adjust its policy on Iraq and suggests that US forces gradually hand security control over to the Iraqi military , then finally withdraw from Iraq in early 2008 .
At the same time , the report also suggests that the White House open direct dialogue with Iran and Syria , which have a certain amount of influence on Iraq , and jointly resolve the Iraq problem .
Due to the ever - increasing frequency of violent activity in Iraq recently , the number of casualties among US troops stationed in Iraq has steadily climbed up and the Republican Party where Bush is had a defeat in midterm elections in early November , so how the Bush administration will actually adjust the policy on Iraq has become the focus of attention from all sides in the US .
But White House spokesman Snow points out that the Bush administration actually does not expect too much from this report because it is not fair to have such an idea to expect that this report will provide a magic bullet for solving the Iraq problem .
Additionally , Iraqis are also paying close attention to the arrival of this report .
Looking at big news for Chinese people around the world , focusing on all the trends in life overseas .
Next we 'll browse through Chinese language newspapers and magazines worldwide together .
First , eh , we 'll introduce a millionaire to everyone .
It 's the woman in the picture wearing , ah , glasses that we can see now .
She , eh , is the German Chinese Graef .
If we say Graef 's online name Anshe Chung , viewers who like the online game Second Life , ah , will definitely find it familiar .
In fact , uh , she made her fortune exactly because of this game .
You can also get rich by playing a game ?
Hong Kong 's Wen Wei Po says that in the present era of online games , many dedicated people are making money inside the online world .
Graef is one of them .
At first , ah , she sold animations of characters that she had designed to players in the game .
Later , uh , she established Anshe Chung Studios and bought land inside the game , then , uh , drew different landscapes on the land using computer software .
Then , uh , she again sold or rented out the land to residents in the game , earning online currency .
Now , Anshe Chung Studios has become the biggest company in the Second Life game , with total assets of more than one million US dollars .
The First Sino - U.S. strategic economic dialogue was convened at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing at 9 a.m. today .
Representing the two countries ' leaders as special representatives , Vice Premier of State Council of China Wu Yi and United States Treasury Secretary Paulson jointly hosted the dialogue , which was attended by ministers and senior officials from relevant departments of the governments of two countries .
Those who attended the dialogue and represented the U.S. include the ambassador to China Randt , Secretary of Health and Human Services Leavitt , Secretary of Energy Bodman , Secretary of Commerce Gutierrez , Secretary of Labor Elaine Chao , U.S. Trade Representative Schwab , Director of Environmental Protection Johnson , chairman of the Federal Reserve Board Bernanke , and so on .
The aim of the Sino - U.S. strategic economic dialogue was to implement the consensus reached by President Hu Jintao with President Bush in August earlier this year .
The two - day strategic economic dialogue is the first strategic dialogue in the realm of economics between the world 's largest developing country and the largest developed country .
The strategic economic dialogue is of the highest level of consultation among other China - U.S. consultative mechanisms , and is an exchange event of the highest degree between Chinese and U.S. economic officials in history .
The half - yearly dialogue will be alternatively held in the capitals of the two countries .
Both China and the United States indicated that they hoped the dialogue would further promote bilateral cooperation in commerce and trade .
The Zhejiang Provincial Bureau of Quality and Technical Supervision recently conducted a random inspection of the quality of plastic cutting boards .
The result shows , um , nearly 40 % of plastic cutting boards products may contain harmful substances .
The random quality inspection of this time mainly involved the thirteen batches of plastic wrap for food packaging and cutting boards manufactured by twelve companies in Zhejiang Province .
The pass rate of the random inspection is 61.5 % .
A total of five batches of the products failed to pass , of which three batches are plastic cutting boards .
The main existing problem is that the residue after evaporation exceeds the limit .
According to the information , the residue after evaporation refers to the chemical substances possibly produced by plastic products when coming into contact with water , vinegar , oil , and other liquids during use .
These chemical substances are often harmful to the human body .
Some individual production enterprises add excessive amounts of talc , calcium carbonate , and other substances into their products in order to increase the hardness of the plastic cutting boards .
This is the main reason resulting in the failure of these products to pass .
Experts suggest that when shopping for a plastic cutting board , choose the plastic cutting board that is evenly colored and has no impurities or pungent smell .
In addition , during use , it is best not to use it to cut very hot food because high temperature will accelerate the decomposition of harmful chemical substances so that they will enter the food and affect people 's health .
In Washington , U.S. officials are working overtime to find some way to defuse the volatile situation in the Middle East as the two sides attack each other .
NBC 's Joe Johns reports .
Secretary of State Albright today turned up the pressure on Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat to stop the violence .
He has been able in the past to control large portions of this .
We expect him to be able to control this .
Israelis have long argued that Arat can and should do just that .
So if Mr. Arafat can in one single word stop the violence and get back to the negotiations table , I think he will find readiness and willingness on the Israeli side to reach a reasonable agreement .
But as protests in support of the Palestinians sprang up from Egypt to Morocco to Iraq , Arafat 's advisers suggested that his power to stop the violence may be limited .
President Arafat can not give orders to a people , to a whole nation , that is being killed every day and being asked to lie back and to die quietly , not to defend themselves .
The disagreement over which side should bear the greatest blame spilled over to the United Nations .
A Security Council resolution criticized Israel .
The U.S. tried to water down the measure , then abstained from voting .
The administration , hoping to de-escalate the violence , is appealing to both sides .
That requires even greater efforts on the part of the Palestinian Authority to try to control the crowds , to keep them away from Israeli fixed positions and on the Israeli side that would enable them to restrain the use of live fire .
Aids to President Clinton say he has proposed a Middle East summit in Egypt as early as this week .
Aids do not rule out the possibility of the President attending if Israeli and Palestinian leaders agree to the meeting .
Joe Johns , NBC News , the White House .
Good evening .
There is n't a national poll in the race between Vice President Al Gore and Governor George W. Bush that shows a clear advantage for one or the other with two weekends to go .
According to today 's MSNBC / Reuters tracking poll , Gore is hanging onto a two - point lead over Bush for the second day in a row , but all these polls , it 's important to point out , are within a margin of error that could flip the results .
What they 're really telling us is that the race appears to be a dead heat , and with time running short , the final strategies are taking a sharper form .
NBC 's David Gregory is with the governor again tonight , Claire Shipman with the Vice President .
Claire , the Gore campaign worried about Ralph Nader .
Tom , the greening of Al Gore today --
His environmental message has n't always been a priority on the campaign trail , but now , with fears of Ralph Nader 's growing support , it could be critical .
Al Gore , today hopscotching across the Midwest , reminding voters of his environmentalist credentials .
Together , we can clean up the environment .
Seizing on a new U.N. report about global warming , he pitches his message in diners .
One that I 've worked on a lot , one people do n't talk about , is global warming .
And even to TV personality Queen Latifah .
The environment is at stake in this election .
Why ?
It 's a message that appeals to those critical undecided voters and especially the supporters of this man , Ralph Nader .
Once a minor distraction , Gore aides now fear Nader could cost them the election .
How much can Nader hurt ?
Take Oregon , a state Gore was counting on .
A recent poll has Bush at 45 % , Gore at 41 % and Nader at 10 % .
In traditionally Democratic Minnesota , Bush has 44 % , Gore 41 % , Nader 8 % .
Here in Wisconsin , Gore has an edge in one poll , Bush in another .
Nader remains steady at 5 % .
Those statistics have Democrats cranking up the heat on Nader supporters .
Former Gore rival Bill Bradley , on the stump today in Washington State .
Pro-choice organizations are spending big money for ads like this one to make the case that a vote for Nader could mean the end of a woman 's right to choose .
Before voting Nader , consider the risk .
It 's your choice .
Environmental groups are also getting involved .
Some prominent Democrats are thinking about a full - page ad in `` the New York Times , '' and look for states like Oregon and Minnesota to figure prominently on Gore 's travel schedule in the final week .
Tom ?
Thanks very much , NBC 's Claire Shipman tonight .
As for Governor Bush , he had some high - powered help today on the campaign trail and a more pointed commentary on the Vice President .
NBC 's David Gregory with the Vice President in Pittsburgh tonight .
Tom , making it abundantly clear that the Clinton / Gore scandals of the past eight years will be a major theme in the closing days of this campaign , Bush attacks the Vice President for being a failed leader and promises if he 's elected Americans will once again be able to respect their government .
Bush campaigns today in this tough battleground state alongside the popular retired general Colin Powell and again hints strongly Powell will be a member of his cabinet if elected .
Today 's address focuses on `` responsible leadership '' and how on issues like Social Security and Medicare , the Clinton / Gore administration has failed to pr .
They are going out as they came in -- their guide , the nightly polls , their goal , the morning headlines , their legacy , the fruitless search for a legacy .
With the race so tight , advisers are hunkered down trying to for the final push , plotting out the final push that , aides say , is likely to include visits to eight different states Bill Clinton carried the last two elections .
Tom ?
David Gregory tonight with Governor Bush , not with Vice President Gore , obviously .
The new democratic government of Yugoslavia was readmitted to the U.N. after being ostracized for eight years while under the rule of Slobodan Milosevic .
It 's now back in the U.N .
From the Middle East tonight , word that there will be no meeting between Yasser Arafat and Ehud Barak before Israeli elections nine days from now .
Israeli / Palestinian talks ended last night with no deal struck .
Now to the new face and shape of Congress .
Republicans are still in the majority , but the election has eaten away at the size of that majority .
In the House of Representatives , Democrats are likely to pick up two seats , and in the Senate , there could be a historic shift in the balance of power .
Here 's NBC 's Lisa Myers .
The first first lady ever elected to public office -- Hillary Clinton becomes an instant celebrity in the Senate , serving alongside Republicans who tried to convict her husband during impeachment .
I think I will get a very positive reception .
I have worked with a number of the Republican members in the past .
Today the Senate 's top Republican offers an olive branch and some advice .
It would be wise for her to take a little time maybe to just observe things and get used to the process and not try to , you know , assert too aggressively her obvious celebrity status .
Otherwise , a lot of shell - shocked Republican senators today , stunned after losing a net three and probably four seats .
The casualties -- Roth of Delaware , Abraham of Michigan , Grams of Minnesota , perhaps Gorton of Washington -- though that 's still too close to call -- and Ashcroft of Missouri .
Ashcroft lost to the first dead man ever elected to the Senate , former Governor Mel Carnahan , who perished in a plane crash and whose wife will be appointed to his seat .
Missouri is a compassionate state , and I think in a very special way , they have demonstrated the compassion which they have .
The strong likelihood of a 50 / 50 tie in the Senate , which would be unprecedented , sent historians and parliamentarians scrambling for answers .
If Bush wins , Dick Cheney , the Vice President , would break ties in the Senate .
If Gore wins , Lieberman would resign his Senate seat and almost certainly be replaced by a Republican , appointed by Connecticut 's Republican governor .
That would give Republicans a 51 majority .
Either way , every vote is critical every day .
I jokingly said the most important person in the Capitol is the Capitol physician , making sure he takes the pulse of every senator every morning .
Today , Democrats demand more power , reflecting their new equal numbers .
We recognize and I hope they recognize that the only way that Congress will accomplish anything is through bipartisanship .
The sharply divided Congress only complicates the task of the new Prez .
Whether it 's Bush or Gore , many here say he may quickly find that getting elected was the easy part .
Lisa Myers , NBC News , the Capitol .
Meanwhile , the director of the FBI , Louis Freeh , is headed for Yemen to personally supervise the investigation into the attack on the `` USS Cole , '' and some progress is being made .
NBC 's Jim Miklaszewski is at the Pentagon tonight , with the latest for us now .
Tom , investigators tonight are still trying to figure out exactly what kind of explosive could cause such devastating damage to the `` Cole . ''
They 're focusing on an abandoned apartment where bomb - making materials were found , but today , the Yemen President claims that the explosive found could only come from the U.S. or Israel , implying that the materials or the weapon itself were Western - made .
U.S. military and intelligence officials can not confirm his claim .
Authorities also discovered two Yemen passports , but quickly determined they were fakes , not surprising to one U.S. official , who said everything in Yemen 's terrorist underground is a forgery .
Tom ?
Thanks very much , NBC 's Jim Miklaszewski at the Pentagon tonight .
In Canada today , they were mourning the death of one of that country 's most important and charismatic leaders , Pierre Elliot Trudeau .
A state funeral at Montreal 's Notre Dame Basilica attended by dozens of foreign dignitaries , including former President Jimmy Carter and Fidel Castro , who Trudeau supported during the Cold War .
The former Prime Minister 's son Justin told the nearly 3,000 mourners and the millions watching on TV to carry on his father 's dream of a united Canada .
Pierre Trudeau died last Thursday , at the age of 80 .
And yet another familiar face will grace `` the West Wing '' in the incoming Bush administration -- Mary Matalin , a former senior campaign aide to President - elect Bush 's father .
She 'll serve as assistant to the President and counselor to Vice President - elect Dick Cheney .
No comment tonight on his wife 's new job , from Democratic strategist James Carville , who , after all , masterminded Bill Clinton 's successful race against President Bush in 1992 .
Now to Yugoslavia , where a people 's revolt over the past few days has led to a dramatic change .
A new President was officially sworn in today , bringing an end to the reign of Slobodan Milosevic .
NBC 's Jim Maceda reports from Belgrade .
In a simple ceremony before the newly elected parliament , Vojislav Kostunica took his oath of office late tonight as President of Yugoslavia , marking the end of 13 years of autocratic rule under Slobodan Milosevic .
It was a scene few Serbs would have deemed possible only weeks ago , but it almost did n't happen , delayed by Milosevic 's party , which still controls the parliament .
After meetings earlier today with a series of foreign dignitaries , Kostunica admitted that Milosevic may be down , but not out .
`` difficult times are behind us , '' he said , `` but the days ahead also hold many trials . ''
His main priority -- bringing Serbia back into the international community after a decade of economic sanctions .
Many believe he has the credentials .
A man who believes in democracy but who holds strong Serb views .
Seen here armed with a machine gun , supporting the Serb cause in Kosovo .
In a recent interview with NBC News , highly critical of U.S. policy in the Balkans , especially the indictment of Milosevic for war crimes .
In some sense , it is sort of interfering in the affairs of another state .
Kostunica had already publicly said he would never turn Milosevic over to the Hague tribunal .
Then , yesterday , just before Milosevic publicly conceded defeat , a one - hour meeting with Kostunica -- their first ever -- said to be cordial .
Details have yet to be revealed , but at the very least , sources say , there was an exchange of guarantees for Kostunica , a peaceful hand - over of power , and in return , safety and comfort inside Serbia for Milosevic .
Milosevic even intends to continue his political career , as leader of his party , worrying many who opposed him .
As long as he 's on the soil of this state , no one will be able to sleep quietly .
Tonight , despite poor weather , thousands of Serbs celebrated a new era of freedom , with the fate of their former dictator still in doubt .
Jim Maceda , NBC News , Belgrade .
And on Capitol Hill tonight , no signs that the close margins in Congress have mellowed Republican Majority Whip Tom DeLay .
He warned President Clinton to give up on finishing this year 's federal budget and freeze spending at current levels or face another potential government shutdown .
DeLay also said he 's been waiting for 22 years for a Republican House and a White House and he promised the GOP agenda would get through , including a ban on late - term abortions .
In Yemen tonightttt , four men are being questioned about their possible role in the attack on the `` USS Cole . ''
The four , all Yemenis , were picked up over the weekend by that country 's police .
U.S. officials describe them as `` serious suspects , '' who were in touch with the suicide bombers in the day before the October 13th bombing .
The FBI has not yet questioned them , however .
Tom , U.S. officials tonight are assessing new threats made against American warships in the Middle East .
This latest threat calls for more terrorist bombings like that against the `` USS Cole , '' , '' but specifically targets American and Israeli ships in the Suez Canal .
It comes from Egyptian militant Rifai Ahmed Taha , seen here with terrorist Osama Bin Laden in a video tape that threatens attacks on Americans in Yemen released only three weeks before the `` Cole '' is hit .
Why Yemen ?
Meanwhile , on Capitol Hill , lawmakers want to know why U.S. warships refuel in Yemen at all , since it 's known as a hotbed of terrorism .
Retired Marine Corps General Anthony Zinni said he made the decision to improve military ties with Yemen and because -- the threat conditions in Aden the specific threat conditions were actually better than anywhere else , but a State Department report says in the last two years , there have been 35 significant terrorist incidents in Yemen , and Yemen is one of only four countries in the world where terrorist attacks against Americans have increased -- 52 % .
It 's sort of like the Wild , Wild West .
There is no central authority .
At the same time , the Pentagon launches its own investigation to determine what , if anything , went wrong with security for the `` Cole . ''
We will never have a perfect defense against terrorism , but we need to make our defenses as good as they can be .
But too late for the `` Cole . ''
Tonight , the Navy has finished recovering all remains of the 17 sailors killed in the sneak attack .
Officials here knew about the Bin Laden warning before the `` Cole '' was attacked .
The threat was considered so nonspecific , U.S. warships were not put on a higher state of alert .
Tom ?
Thanks very much , NBC 's Jim Miklaszewski tonight .
We begin with the attack on the `` USS Cole '' with NBC 's Jim Miklaszewski at the Pentagon .
Jim , what 's the latest there ?
Tonight , the latest casualty figures are 6 dead , 11 missing and 36 wounded , but Navy officials predict that death toll will surely rise in what is the worst terrorist attack against a U.S. Navy ship in modern history .
The gaping , blackened hole in the side of the `` USS Cole '' is all the evidence the Navy 's top officer needs to declare this a terrorist attack .
I have no reason to think that this was anything but a senseless act of terrorism .
The destroyer , one of the most powerful ships in the U.S. Navy , is on its way to the Persian Gulf when it stops at Yemen to take on fuel .
Yemen is considered a high threat area .
The crew is already on a heightened state of alert .
So then , how did the attackers get so close ?
Navy officials report the `` Cole '' pulls up to an offshore pier in the middle of Aden Harbor , preparing to refuel .
One of the small harbor boats , hired by the U.S. to help moor the destroyer , takes one of the ship 's lines , ties it to a buoy , then returns .
It 's normally a routine operation , so no one aboard the `` Cole '' has the slightest suspicion the ship is about to be attacked .
Two men aboard the small boat suddenly snap to attention as if following orders .
Then , the blast -- an enormous explosion that tears a huge gash in the side of the ship .
Seawater rushes through the 20 x 40 - foot hole .
The crew fights desperately to save the ship .
They have performed superbly .
They dispatch medical teams .
The 11 missing presumed trapped .
In Congress tonight , outrage and a warning to those responsible .
We will find you , we will punish you , and the price that we will exact will by far exceed anything you may have gained by inflicting this outrageous act of terrorism .
How may I help you ?
A vigil for the dead and survivors .
I talked to the two ombudsmen .
They want to pass along to have everybody say a prayer .
A new concern tonight .
Two Navy ships are steaming to the area to provide security .
Because the `` Cole '' is in a high - threat area , it is loaded with cruise missiles and sitting dead in the water .
Thanks , Jim Miklaszeski .
And the ripple effect from Bridgestone / Firestone 's tire troubles being felt across the country tonight .
NBC 's chief financial correspondent Mike Jensen has the latest .
A stunning announcement -- 450 workers laid off indefinitely at this troubled Firestone plant in Decatur , Illinois , which will totally shut down for two weeks .
Two other Bridgestone / Firestone plants in Tennessee and Oklahoma will shut down , fully or partially , for four weeks , cutting tire production by 20 % .
Why now ?
Analysts say because car owners simply are n't buying enough Firestone tires .
Tire dealer Bryan Tashjian today , in California , says his Firestone tire sales are down 70 % .
I see the concern in people 's faces , and they 're very apprehensive about purchasing Firestone tires .
Bridgestone / Firestone Chairman John Lampe , on a telephone conference call with reporters this afternoon .
All this as the government announces 18 more deaths involving cars with Firestone tires , bringing the total U.S. death toll to 119 , plus dozens more in Venezuela and the Middle East .
The government now says more than 3,500 people have complained to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration about Firestone tread separations , blowouts and other problems .
There is a risk that it could become sort of a secondary brand .
Analysts say the paud name of Firestone , once a premium tire , could end up as a bargain basement brand , if it survives at all .
Mike Jensen , NBC News , New York .
NBC 's Claire Shipman now with the Vice President 's day back in Washington .
Claire ?
Sources tell us Al Gore has not made up his mind how far he will push the effort in Florida .
they say they still think they could win .
As for the courts , we 're told that decision is not likely to be made until November 17th , when the final tally is in .
Al Gore , in a deliberate attempt to publicly relax , in the midst of tension of the highest order .
I think we 're going to win this game .
We were ahead 6 , so I 'm very optimistic .
We 're talking about the touch football game .
Sources say he and his team are also still optimistic about a win in the recount , because they believe a manual count will turn up mistakes in Gore 's favor .
Meanwhile , the Gore Florida team today asserting there is still a lot of work to be done before naming the President - elect .
I hope all Americans agree the will of the people , not a computer glitch should select our next President .
I think we pledged ourselves to try to keep the rhetoric as low as possible , given the situation , and try to carry it out in a professional way .
Why ?
As Gore considers his options with his family , advisers say he and the campaign realize they are operating on two distinct and delicate tracts -- legal , which they will pursue to keep options open , and political , which they have to watch carefully as they feel mounting pressure .
Friends point out that the man who was so quick to concede the first time to George W. Bush when he thought he lost and who told aides , `` we have to do this right , '' is not a politician who would insist on a long , damaging legal process , if it is determined that 's what going to court would mean .
Bill Clinton called Al Gore today to talk to him , less to offer advice than support .
Finally , friends tell us tonight that Gore and his family are also focused on the --
They believe depending on what happens , Gore has a strong platform right now from which to launch a presidential bid in the year 2000 had , and that is part of the calculation .
Tom ?
Thanks very much , Claire Shipman tonight .
Former President Bill Clinton spent a quiet Monday in New York City suburbs today , and if he 's at all unnerved about going from being the most powerful person on earth to puttering around in Chappaqua , New York , he 's not showing it .
He seemed happy and relaxed walking his dog Buddy and helping his wife , the new senator , get ready to head off to Washington tomorrow , without him .
There is other news tonight .
A breakthrough in the investigation of the terrorist attack on the `` USS Cole . ''
More on that from NBC 's Jim Miklaszewski at the Pentagon with an NBC News exclusive for us .
Jim ?
Tom , in a major development senior U.S. officials tell NBC News , Yemen authorities are holding two suspects believed directly involved in the attack on the `` USS Cole '' and that at least one of the suspects is `` key to the operation , and talking his head off . ''
U.S. officials report the suspect is providing explicit details how the attack was planned for more than a year then executed with deadly precision , how one safe house and the suicide boat used in the attack were acquired months before the attack , that two other suspects , an explosives expert believed to be Iraqi , and another perhaps a Saudi , supervised the operation then left Aden before the bombing .
The suspect also claims they got help from low - level Yemen officials in forging documents , obtaining vehicles , and concealing their operation , but there 's apparently no evidence the Yemen government itself was involved .
Now , despite all of this , sources say the suspect still has n't named those behind the terrorist operation but with this breakthrough , U.S. officials are increasingly confident they 'll soon know who specifically gave the orders to attack the `` Cole . ''
Thank you very much , NBC 's Jim Miklaszewski , who will be staying on this story for us .
Now `` The Truth Squad , '' a reality check on the candidates .
In all our polling , Americans have rated education as the number one issue in this election .
This year , the federal government is spending nearly $ 123 billion on education .
That 's $ 60 billion more than ten years ago .
That 's still a small fraction of the total spent .
Nonetheless , many of the other schools are in trouble .
So what would Gore and Bush do to fix them ?
Are their plans realistic ?
NBC 's Lisa Myers and `` The Truth Squad '' with some answers tonight , `` in depth . ''
George Bush on the problem of education in this country --
America today is in the midst of an education recession that can threaten our very future .
A recession ?
Experts say that term 's an exaggeration .
It 's true that the gap in test scores between white and minority students has grown , but experts say overall student performance has not declined .
To say there 's been a recession implies that scores are going down , and there are n't any test scores going down .
At worst , they 've been flat .
At worst , they 've been flat .
Both candidates have a laundry list of proposals to improve education .
At the top of Gore 's -- a tax break to help families pay for college .
I want to give new choices to parents to send their kids to college with a $ 10,000 tax deduction for college tuition , per child , per year .
Experts say this is less generous than it sounds .
First , Gore 's deduction is limited to $ 10,000 per family , not per child , as he said .
What 's more , his plan merely would modestly expand an existing tuition credit .
The bottom line for your family ?
The most that this credit could give any family is $ 800 more than what they get under present law .
Another key issue this year -- how to deal with failing public schools .
One of Bush 's solutions -- double the number of independent , publicly funded schools , known as charter schools .
We encourage parents to take a look at the comparative results of schools .
We 've got a strong charter school movement that I signed the legislation to get started in the state of Texas .
But experts say the early record of charter schools in Texas is not as strong as Bush claims .
Some schools , like Houston 's KIPP Academy , are said to be doing a great job with economically disadvantaged students , but a report finds that charter schools overall in Texas have more students per teacher , less experienced teachers and lower test scores .
It 's a mixed picture .
Charter schools are having some successes and some struggles .
But overall , students in charter schools have lower performance scores than students in traditional public schools .
So how would Gore deal with failing public schools ?
If it 's a failing school , shut it down , and reopen it under a new principal , with a turnaround team of specialists the way Governor Jim Hunt does in North Carolina .
But Governor Hunt 's office says no school has been shut down yet in his state .
So experts say it 's too soon to tell if it works , and some call Gore 's plan an empty promise .
Why ?
Because they say Gore does not require the kind of annual student testing needed to tell whether a school is failing or not .
There 's simply not as much there as Vice President Gore is pretending that there is .
It 's really more rhetoric than substance .
Most misleading of all , experts say , is each candidate 's claim that his plan can dramatically improve public education .
Because federal money accounts for only 7 % of school funding , experts say any President can help only at the margins .
Lisa Myers , NBC News , Washington .
At the Supreme Court tonight -- important questions about medical testing and privacy rights of individuals .
When can doctors tell police they 've discovered evidence their patients are committing crimes ?
Here 's NBC 's Pete Williams .
It 's a case that pits a woman 's medical privacy against the state 's desire to protect children .
Faced with an epidemic of cocaine use by pregnant mothers who were potentially putting their babies at risk , the medical staff at this Charleston , South Carolina , hospital came up with a novel idea -- decide which of the pregnant where things went wrong .
We need doctors to act like doctors , not doctors to act like police .
But the state defends it as a way to get mothers off drugs , reducing the risk of having unhealthy babies .
I went over and looked at these babies when this case started .
We 're talking about a 3 1 / 2 - pound human being .
It would make you cry .
The question for the court -- When can doctors tip off police ?
Justice Scalia said -- Doctors routinely report when they find gunshot wounds , Why not when they find proof of drug use ? but Justice Ginsburg asked -- How can the hospital say it 's protecting unborn children by arresting women after they give birth ?
Many of the nation 's big medical groups oppose the South Carolina policy .
They say the threat of arrest will frighten more women away from pregnancy care , further endangering their babies .
If the justices uphold the South Carolina policy , many of the nation 's doctors fear they 'll be called on to report more crimes , eroding the trust between them and their patients .
Pete Williams , NBC News , at the Supreme Court .
NBC News `` In Depth '' tonight .
Hillary Rodham Clinton made history today -- the first ever First Lady to be elected to public office and the world 's most exclusive club -- the U.S. Senate .
After spending most of her life in support of her husband 's political career , watching him get sworn in over and over again it was his turn today to watch from the sidelines as she took the oath of office .
Our `` In Depth '' report tonight , from NBC 's Andrea Mitchell .
She is first among equals , America 's first First Lady politician .
Will you raise your right hand --
97th in seniority , but when the oath is later re-enacted for all the senators , she jumps to the head of the line , even ahead of Republican leader Trent Lott --
`` security concerns '' for her husband , officials claim .
For this political wife , friends say , a dream come true .
Today he holds the Bible for her , trading places from when they first came to Washington eight years ago .
From the health care fiasco to the Monica humiliation -- I did not have sexual relations with that woman , to the campaign many said she could never win , Hillary Clinton is now the most admired woman in America , beating Oprah by a landslide in the latest Gallup poll .
I am thrilled .
I could n't be more proud .
I could not be more happy .
I am very grateful to the people of New York , and I think she will do them proud .
It was really a very moving moment for both of us .
I kept looking at him in the gallery with my daughter , and , you know , it was very emotional for me .
But how will she fit in among 99 other ambitious politicians ?
The Senate has 100 people who think they can be President , and she is only one of them , but she is different .
For instance , the senior senator from New York is hardly camera - shy .
I 'll make you this promise -- I will do my best not to steal Hillary 's limelight .
And while Chuck Schumer bunks on work nights with three fellow congressmen in this rowhouse and other freshmen senators rent small apartments -- I got two bedrooms and a sofa bed so my children can come when they feel like it , Hillary and her husband buy a new $ 2.8 million mansion .
She needs an address , and I 'd like to have someplace to come see her .
Friends even register her china , a soup tureen goes for more than $ 2,000 , but now that she 's sworn in , Senate ethics rules forbid gifts worth more than $ 100 .
She 'll have to rely on her husband 's earnings and her $ 8 million book deal , but she 's still being entertained by friends .
How are you ?
Tonight , at a party hosted by Democratic fund - raiser Walter Kay , the supporter who first sent a young intern named Monica to the Clinton White House .
Andrea Mitchell , NBC News , Washington .
Vice President Gore and Governor Bush spent this day with their families , dispatching their deputies to score points on the Sunday morning interview shows .
Here 's NBC 's Chip Reid .
Arriving at church with his family Sunday --
Good morning .
Hope you all have a nice Sunday .
Al Gore continued to refuse comment on the erecognize torl battle in Florida , leaving it to his point men , William Daley and Warren Christopher to defend the controversial hand recounts now under way .
This is the procedure called for by Florida law .
Florida law provides for an opportunity for hand counts to check machine counts .
Christopher said the recounts should be completed within a matter of days and at that point , Gore campaign sources contend , Gore will be in the lead in Florida and on track to win the election .
Meanwhile , Governor George Bush spent the day out of public view , behind the gate of his ranch in Texas , while his point man , James Baker appeared on five network talk shows arguing vigorously that the hand recounts are improper and should be stopped .
This opens up tremendous possibilities for human error and indeed it opens up tremendous possibilities for something worse than human error , and for mischief .
Bush advisers say if they lose that argument in court this week they may appeal , and if they lose Florida , they may ask for recounts in other states , where the filing deadline has not yet passed and where the vote is close , including Iowa and Wisconsin , states that could help them win , even without Florida .
There could also be a recount in New Mexico , where the race is a virtual tie .
New Mexico State Police there have impounded ballots in some counties to make sure no one tampers with them before any possible recount .
The Gore team is also still considering other options , including going to court if the hand recount does not give them the lead in Florida , so while both sides say they want to move as expeditiously as possible , both are considering strategies that could cause this fight to drag on for weeks .
Chip Reid , NBC News , Washington .
NBC news `` in depth '' tonight -- air delays in a year that 's seen more than ever before .
As we head into another heavy holiday travel period , delays are making life miserable for thousands of travelers , and one airport more than any other is Delay Central .
That 's New York 's LaGuardia Airport .
A year ago , there were 3,100 delayed flights at La Guardia for the month of September .
This September -- there were 9,000 , almost triple the delay rate .
What 's going on at this busy airport , and why is it affecting travelers all around the country ?
That was the subject of a congressional hearing today .
Here 's NBC 's Robert Hager , `` in depth . ''
9:00 this morning at New York 's La Guardia Airport , the weather is perfect , but already there are delays , a long line waiting to take off .
La Guardia 's runways can handle a maximum of 75 takeoffs and landings an hour , but between 8:00 and 9:00 a.m. each day , airlines schedule 93 , a mathematical impossibility , and it stays that way nearly all day long .
In and out of La Guardia , it 's always delayed , so I always expect to be delayed and to have extra time to blow at the airport .
I fly almost every weekend , and this airport is one I least like to come in and out of .
Elsewhere at Delta cancellations because of labor problems with pilots are so bad that today the airline announces a cutback of up to 125 flights a day for the foreseeable future .
If an airline is having problems with its crew or labor problems , you probably do n't want to book a flight on that airline .
This year 's been an all - time record for flight delays nationwide .
1,500 flights every day , flying late now , 55 % more than last year , nearly 100 % more than two years ago .
Instead of cutting flights , Congress and the government recently raised the limit at La Guardia , and airlines rushed in , adding 300 more flights a day .
At a hearing today , the tempers of New York lawmakers boiled over .
First you are number 35 .
Then you are number 26 .
Then there is another reason .
We get a different excuse every 15 or 20 minutes .
When the plane lands , you ca n't find a gate .
Just yesterday , in an admission that adding flights at La Guardia may have been a mistake , the FAA makes a unique attempt to offer some relief -- an unusual lottery mixing up the names of airlines in a bowl and drawing to see which of the newest airlines adding flights at La Guardia get to stay and which have to cut back .
American Transair , Vanguard , Spirit .
It 's the first time in 14 years that the government resorts to a lottery like this to regulate the number of flights at an airport .
As a result , airlines will have to get rid of 131 flights a day at La Guardia by February .
The sort of regulation airlines hate .
But if delays continue to grow , it could force similar moves for other airports in a desperate effort to ease the gridlock with no other ready solution in sight .
Washington .
This was the week that the bottom halves of the Democrat and Republican tickets moved into the spotlight .
NBC 's Anne Thompson has been tracking them both .
The running mates -- Dick Cheney and Joe Lieberman , running hard as the race for President enters its final month .
Some are declaring a winner in the choice for Vice President .
It 's Joe Lieberman because he game umph to the Democratic ticket .
He helped change the public 's perception of Al Gore .
The man once thought a risky pick , first Jewish candidate on a national ticket , now a political star .
GORE / LIEBERMAN , no bull , no pork .
Laughter .
Humanizing the sometimes robotic Gore .
When Al and Hadassah and Tipper and I are together , we call this double dating .
Using an informal style to draw voters in , even when on the attack .
Does Governor Bush now want to do for America 's environment what he has done here in Texas ?
I hope not .
Cheney could not be more different .
The former cabinet member and oil industry executive so formal and business - like on the campaign trail , critics complain some appearances have all the excitement of a Defense Department briefing .
Bill Clinton and Al Gore have had every chance and every reason to improve our schools , to raise taxes , to save Social Security , but they have n't even tried .
The so - called safe pick quickly became the controversial one .
News reports about failing to vote in some elections and moving slowly to answer questions about his multi-million dollar CEO retirement package , reasons why some analysts consider him to be a flop .
That 's until Thursday night 's debate .
I think by any standard , his debate performance was very , very good , and I put him back in the asset column now .
Conventional wisdom is running mates do n't make a difference .
In a race this close , could Cheney or Lieberman sway the all - important undecided voters ?
Saddened to learn --
One gives substance in style .
Each side hoping this time it will make a difference in a race still too close to call .
Anne Thompson , NBC News , Washington .
From the Middle East tonight there 's word from Yemen that security has been beefed up around the hotel where Americans investigating the attack on the `` USS Cole '' are staying because of a truck bomb threat .
This as the Pentagon said today that the military is reviewing force protection measures worldwide in the wake of that incident involving the `` Cole . ''
A spokesman said today that security for U.S. troops is a concern not just in the Middle East but everywhere , including here in the United States .
While the two campaigns struggle over the outcome of the presidential election , tomorrow , in Washington , a high profile ceremony will be held on the Mall to mark the overdue beginning of a World War II memorial , but not even that moment is without controversy .
Here 's Jim Miklaszewski .
In Washington today preparations for a Veterans Day tribute , many believe is long overdue .
Tomorrow , 55 years after America defeated Germany and Japan , a groundbreaking on the National Mall , for the first ever national memorial to World War II .
Navy vet and chairman Hayden Wiiams calling it a fitting legacy to the 16 million Americans who served in the war .
We were fighting for freedom , not only for us but for others .
At $ 141 million , mostly private donations , the monument will feature pillars that form an open circle .
Gold stars will commemorate the 400,000 Americans killed in the war , but these days , nothing in Washington comes easy .
The planning alone for this memorial has lasted longer than it took to win World War II , and now , the monument itself is caught up in controversy .
Not whether to build it , but where .
It 's the right time .
It 's the wrong site .
A small group of protesters has filed a lawsuit to move the memorial off the present sight .
This is an absolute intrusion .
John Graves fought the Nazis in the Battle of the Bulge and believes the new memorial would detract from the other monuments .
We do not want our legacy to be a controversy .
Other vets however , like former senator Bob Dole , say it 's not only the right place , it 's about time .
there would n't be any sight .
But the controversy sounds all too familiar .
Partisan bickering , public protests , even lawsuits .
That 's what America is all about , and it 's why America now remembers those who fought and won World War II .
Jim Miklaszewski , NBC News , , Washington .
As one city digs out from record snow , `` In Depth '' tonight , dramatic new details of how the Texas Seven pulled off their great escape , the deepening mystery over the first American shot down in the Gulf War , could he be alive ? and `` The Fleecing of America . ''
Cops ca n't find them , but Social Security knows just where to send their checks .
Which leads us to NBC News `` in depth '' -- the Truth Squad , checking the facts .
Between now and election day , a team of NBC News correspondents will review what the presidential candidates say to s if they are telling the truth .
We begin tonight with the huge federal surplus .
Both Al Gore and George W. Bush have different ideas on how to spend that extra money .
The last time presidential candidates had that luxury was in 1960 -- Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy facing off over a $ 300 million surplus , not adjusted for inflation .
Now NBC 's chief financial correspondent Mike Jensen on the new surplus and all the talk behind it , `` in depth . ''
Tod and Tammy Williams of Texas counting on George W. Bush 's proposed $ 1.6 trillion tax cut .
I have a lot of faith in him and believe that he 'll do what he says he 'll do .
Patti and Gary Thompson of New Jersey prefer Al Gore 's plan to pay off the nation 's $ 3.5 half dollar national debt .
Keep the good times rolling .
Employment is very high right now , and we have good jobs .
But both candidates ' economic plans cost a fortune , and the question is , Will there be enough money ?
What 's the truth ?
Are Bush and Gore making campaign promises they ca n't possibly keep ?
The nonpartisan Center on Budget and Policy Priorities did an exhaustive study of the surplus .
The authors ' conclusion ?
Beware of smoke and mirrors from both candidates .
I would have some skepticism toward both plans .
They 're being overly optimistic in what they can actually deliver .
Both Gore and Bush rely on predictions from the Congressional Budget Office that the government will take in $ 4.5 trillion more than it spends over the next ten years .
About half that surplus is for Social Security , leaving $ 2.2 trillion for tax cuts and new government programs .
Sounds good , but many economists say that 's hugely optimistic because of economic assumptions by both candidates that wo n't necessarily pan out .
For example , government spending is assumed by the candidates to rise only at the rate of inflation , while , in truth , analysts say it 's been rising 20 % faster than that .
Both candidates also assume strong economic growth resulting in that huge surplus .
The truth ?
If the economy takes a major hit , more than just a mild recession , experts say you can subtract $ 1 trillion from the surplus .
`` Business Week '' magazine puts it bluntly -- `` Newsday '' calls their promises `` pie in the sky . ''
`` The New York Times '' says they 're `` unrealistically optimistic . ''
Analysts warning the Thompsons of New Jersey , the Williamses of Texas and America 's 80 million other voters .
When the numbers are in trillions , with promises to match , keep your hand on your wallet .
Mike Jensen , NBC News , New York .
From Russia tonight , word of a shocking discovery from the wreckage of that Russian submarine .
More than two months after a deadly explosion buried the `` Kursk '' in the cold waters of the Barents Sea , a letter has surfaced .
NBC 's Jim Miklaszewski has the latest .
Today , ten weeks after a mysterious accident sent the `` Kursk '' to the bottom of the Barents Sea , a grisly discovery --
Norwegian and Russian divers cut through the hull to find four bodies .
In the pocket of one of the crew , a handwritten note , the dying words of a sailor who was trapped alive in the sunken sub .
He 's Lieutenant - captain Dmitry Koleskinov , seen here three years ago aboard the Kursk , but his last words tell a chilling tale of a desperate , but futile attempt to escape .
In fact , it now appears at least 23 crew members survived the initial explosions that quickly filled the first five compartments with water , killing most of the 118 - man crew instantly .
The 23 frantically scramble to the rear of the sub .
They find the escape hatch flooded and seal themselves into compartment nine .
Then , in total darkness and frigid cold , Koleskinov realizing he will die begins to write --
Koleskinov addressed the letter to his wife , Olga .
He 's my dear , dear beloved .
I want to see him again .
I want to read his letter .
The chilling account raises new questions and criticism of the Russian Navy , which waited several days before attempting to launch a rescue mission , but U.S. Navy officials here at the Pentagon believe any rescue mission would have failed , that there was really no hope for those 23 survivors .
With no power , more than 300 feet down , it 's believed any survivors would have frozen to death within hours , well before they ran out of air .
That 's of little consolation to the families who today hear the first and what may be the final words of the doomed crew of the `` Kursk .
Jim Miklaszewski , NBC News , the Pentagon .
Time for `` Lifeline '' -- and fresh evidence tonight the kind of medical care you receive depends to a large degree on where you live , but maybe not for the reasons you 'recg .
It 's not just poor versus rich areas or rural versus urban .
NBC 's Robert Hager tonight on `` geographic destiny . ''
When Florence Kramer discovered she had breast cancer , a doctor in Farmington , Missouri , told her she needed a mastectomy -- breast removal .
I panicked and was frightened , and real depressed and upset .
But 70 miles away in St. Louis , doctors told her a less invasive lumpectomy , should be enough .
Man , I was overjoyed .
Her lumpectomy , was a success , and her case an example of the startling differences in doctors ' choices of treatment , from one geographic area to the next .
It 's all documented in an ongoing statistical analysis called `` the Dartmouth College Atlas of Health Care , '' directed by Dr John Wennberg .
What we 're seeing is that in health care geography is basically destiny , meaning you may be destined , if you live in one community , to have major surgery for the same problem normally treated , somewhere else , with a less invasive procedure or without surgery at all .
For instance , the Atlas finds , a breast cancer patient in Rapid City , South Dakota is twice as likely to have a mastectomy , as a patient with the same problem in the western suburbs of Cleveland .
Prostate cancer , in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , surgery , nine times more likely than in Binghamton , New York .
Heart disease , in Bloomington , Indiana , bypass operation , three times more likely , than in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
A back problem , in Santa Barbara , California , surgery six times more likely , than in Bronx , New York .
Why these great variations ?
Not what you may think .
Not the size of the community , the wealth of the patients , or quality of the hospital .
It seems to be more what doctors in each area are used to recommending , but patients do n't know that .
The problem of this incredible variation is to get the patients involved in making decisions that express their own preferences .
So Dartmouth 's Hitchcock Hospital has what 's called a `` shared decision making center , '' where patients are carefully presented all the options even shown videos , and in Pennsylvania , a patient advocate has this advice -- when the physician says , `` I believe you ought to have this procedure , '' the very next question you ask is `` well , why are you recommending that ? '' and the second question is `` what alternatives would you recommend , and what are my choices ? ''
Just why Florence Kramer traveled 70 miles for a second opinion .
If I 'm going to have something done to my body I want to know about it .
I want to know everything there is to know about it .
How she overcame geographic destiny avoided a mastectomy and remains cancer free , today .
Robert Hager , NBC News , Washington .
Even with all the growth in online shopping in the past few years , this Christmas could be the last one for many dotcom retailers .
With our ongoing inside look at eToys , one of the symbols of the new economy , we continue `` in depth '' tonight with NBC 's Anne Thompson .
`T is the season to send Americans shipping -- 190 million packages between Thanksgiving and Christmas , many purchased online , but internet retailers , once a force behind the boom , now fighting for their very survival , and many say the one to watch is eToys .
EToys is in a very precarious position , this holiday season .
The one - time dotCom wunderkind , 4 years old and still losing money this season , trying to steady itself with a new delivery system .
How does a toy go from your computer screen to your Christmas tree ?
To find out , we ordered one of the season 's hottest items -- a Razor scooter .
The order went from Chicago to Ontario , California , where it is processed , and Suzanne Horsey picks it off a shelf .
I walk up and down these aisles probably about a million times .
She puts it on a cart .
It 's boxed and begins a half - mile trip .
One of tens of thousands of orders each day , this one is wrapped packaged , labeled and , four hours later , shipped .
Everybody in the building knows that we 're playing one game , and that is speed and accuracy .
In financial districts it 's a different game .
EToys needs cash .
With only enough money to survive , analysts say , until Mid , it needs a strong holiday to revive investors ' confidence .
Ken Cassar , who tracks these businesses , says eToys ' hopes of doubling its holiday sales this year to as much as $ 240 million is a difficult task in this economy , especially when online sales , while still growing quickly , will only increase at one-half last year 's rate .
The macroeconomic picture is not a pretty one because oil prices are so high and consumers have less money in their pocketbooks .
But they are spending money on scooters .
Our scooter is driven to Denver , sorted by ZIP code and then loaded to another truck and brought to Rainbow House , a children 's charity .
From the computer to the Christmas tree , and happiness for a child .
EToys , an economic symbol of the season .
The question tonight , will it survive to help play Santa Claus next year ?
Anne Thompson , NBC News , Chicago .
An emotional homecoming tonight for the surviving crew members of the `` USS Cole . ''
Hundreds of friends and family members greeted them today as they arrived in Norfolk , Virginia .
17 sailors were killed , 39 others injured , when that terror bomb hit their ship in Yemen .
At the same time tonight , American troops in the Persian Gulf remain on a very high state of alert as U.S. officials continue to worry about what they call a very specific terrorist threat .
The troops are stationed in Bahrain and Qatar across the Arabian peninsula from Yemen , where the `` USS Cole '' was attacked .
NBC 's Jim Miklaszewski has the latest from the Pentagon .
Mik ?
Tom , the terrorist plot against Americans throughout the Persian Gulf and Mideast may be much bigger than first feared .
Heavily armed gunboats circle the crippled `` Cole '' in Aden harbor today as U.S. forces dig in against more possible terrorist attacks .
NBC News has learned that U.S. intelligence reports uncover plans for three seperate attacks against American targets in the Persian Gulf and Middle East , specifically a U.S. warship , a military base and an embassy .
In response , U.S. troops in Bahrain and Qatar are put on the highest state of alert -- threatcon delta .
Adm. Craig Quigley , Pentagon spokesman : We thought it was simply the prudent thing to do , to go to that higher threat condition in those two specific areas .
American forces at Incirlik in Turkey and in Saudi Arabia are also targeted and on alert tonight .
U.S. embassies in Qatar and Jakarta , Indonesia , thousands of miles away , are closed as a precaution .
Meanwhile , how did the suicide bombers penetrate security on the `` Cole . ''
Raymond Moonie was on the deck and injured in the blast .
I waved on to them because I thought , Hey , they 're friendly .
The entire operation fits the pattern of Osama Bin Laden who had already carried out attacks against American targets .
One senior official is so certain they 'll find the smoking gun that points to Bin Laden , he says they 're already looking at all the options , possible missile strikes or even some military operation to take Bin Laden into custody .
Tom ?
Thanks very much , Jim Miklaszewski tonight .