Joining us from Paris is Abdul Amir Al - Rekaby , the secretary general of the Iraqi National Democratic Current .
Mr. Rekaby , normally uh , I mean , uh , a prime minister does n't need to hold a press conference to declare his views , uh , uh , to make statements .
Could it be said that uh , Mr. Al - Maliki 's conference was a reaction perhaps to Abdul Aziz Al - Hakim 's visit to Washington and the views expressed by Al - Hakim in this regard ?
No .
I do n't think that there is , uh , I mean a split between Al - Hakim and Al - Maliki .
Al - Maliki uh , is trying once again to say that he is doing something .
The capabilities available to him are zero uh , as is already known , because this conference issue was previously proposed , but it failed .
It did n't happen .
And regional conferences and neighboring states ' meeting are also held regularly , but have stopped lately , and I do n't think this talk has any significance or political implication .
In fact , the major problem , whether for the Americans or for those leaders of the American political process in Iraq who are cooperating with them , is that they 're going in circles in a vacuum .
They 're telling stories , which uh , uh , show that they want to evade real solutions , and they are stubborn ; they do n't want to admit that their political process has reached a dead end , has collapsed , has ended , and uh , is worn away by time .
I begin with Mr. Mohammed Al - Dini ; he is with us live from Amman .
Are we experiencing a Sunni Shiite strife that is beginning in Iraq ?
Uh , in the name of God most merciful most compassionate .
Uh , when America came and occupied , uh , Iraq , uh , it undertook the destruction of everything in Iraq , uh , including the destruction of the structures , uh , of the Iraqi State , which is more than 80 years old , uh , since , uh , it destroyed uh , all these institutions , the military institutions , the services , economic and security institutions , and even the oil institutions .
That in itself , it uh , is a real collapse and a comprehensive destruction of the real structure of uh , society in Iraq .
Are we in a civil war now , Mr. Mohammed ?
Uh , --
Uh , now , uh , I disagree with those who say that there is a civil war in Iraq now .
There is , uh , political sectarian uh , strife , uh , that came along with the occupier and with the agenda of the occupier that is nourished on a large scale by , uh , neighboring countries of Iraq , and specifically here Iran , uh , which is acting to stir up sectarian strife in Iraq ,
in addition to other side effects from regional states .
Yes , allow me to go back to Dr. Saged Hamid .
Dr. Saged ah I would like to pause with the bombing that happened today in al - Tayaran Square , I mean , which is considered the fourth to target this square in mid-Baghdad .
First , why this targeting , especially that those who were present there , as you know , were ordinary construction workers and they do not represent any official agency or specific sect ?
I mean , and why have n't the Iraqi security agencies learned how to deal with such bombings or limit them , or even defeat them if they could do so ?
And some also ask about those who support these groups and who support these bombings which were able to , I mean , penetrate all the security barriers that surround Baghdad .
I believe the goal of these operations is to paralyze life in Iraq , especially in Baghdad , the capital .
Yes .
You find that assassinations include university professors , craftsmen and ordinary workers , and all areas of life , even the poorer districts .
The goal is to create a shake - up of stability , political instability and a shake up of security , and accordingly to spread terror and fear , especially that the crime of terrorism has a political aim , a crime , its goal is to spread horror and terrorism and loss of trust in the nation and the security agencies , and accordingly the citizen loses his loyalty to his nation and does not trust the government and the nation .
With me from Mogadishu is our correspondent Fahd Yassin .
Fahd , you are in Mogadishu ; what 's the latest information you have received so far ?
Uh , the latest information that we received so far is that these battles between the two sides , uh , started after the Friday prayers and they started exactly in a place known , a small village called Safar Nooley , said to be 80 kilometers away from Dinsor in the direction of Baidoa .
Uh , however , the news from the transitional government says that the battles were actually in places close to the city of Dinsor .
And the battles were very fierce and lasted more than two hours , uh , we had tried to communicate with the cities close to it , but because communications from that city were cut off for more than a week , it hindered uh , that we find detailed news or eyewitnesses in that city .
Uh , but a short while ago , and according to a communication with one of the officials in the Islamic Courts , Mr. Mukhtar Abu Mansour , who is the representative of the Security Office of the Islamic Courts , he says that the battle is over and that they were able to control , uh , that village .
Uh , and we asked him , is it the city of Dinsor , that is , is any of the city of Dinsor in their hands ?
He added that this city is still in their hands , uh , but the transitional government side is still insisting that the battle is ongoing at this moment and that it is on the outskirts of the town of Dinsor .
Fahd , a few , uh , days ago also , uh , the situation was still the same and communications were cut off as they still are in Dinsor , uh , but at the time , the government said that it had regained control over it , and as a result , uh , this dispute could still be going on till now , each side saying that it has controlled it , right ?
This is true , because the problem in this city , uh , even the situation in Somalia , if such a war had occurred , the news would have reached us as fast as possible , but because communications are cut off from that city , uh , the news remains , because it is a marginal city given the location of the city .
And so , uh , days ago , as you and I said , the government was saying it had recaptured , but today uh the situation happened again and the Islamic Courts and the forces of the transitional government are still fighting each other on the outskirts of the city , the city of Dinsor .
Uh , but the Islamic Courts , as I told you , the battle is outside the city of Dinsor at a distance of 40 kilometers in the direction of the city of Baidoa .
Fahd Yassin , Al Jazeera correspondent , from Mogadishu , thank you very much .
I mean , this article reminds me also , doctor , of one of the articles that was mentioned with us in the program , I mean , uh , where it indicated that dividing the region after the Second World War was not successful .
I mean , we are witnessing today the repercussions of this division , which did not take into consideration sectarian geography , if the expression is right .
What is your comment ?
The reality is that the Sykes - Picot case , at that time , when it was set , only paid attention to the interests of the countries and the outcome , ah , uh , the balance of power among them , that is , between France in the first place and Britain or the United Kingdom .
But now , we see that there are divisions being confirmed inside the Arab countries .
In reality , they serve the main , Israeli goal , which is to change the region into , ah , a mosaic of small countries based on denominational thinking , religious thinking , or sectarian thinking .
Yes .
So we see that what is happening in Iraq , in reality , ah , under the sights of the United States , which is -- occupying Iraq ; we see that Iraq might actually be divided into three districts , ah these areas agree to a great extent with the idea of sectarianism and factionism existing in Iraq .
Thank you very much .
And if %pw --
Go ahead , in brief , please .
Ah , no , I want to say that this tendency , there are efforts to expand it and generalize it in the region , or what is sometimes called Balkanizing the region like what happened , uh , after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the collapse of socialism in some countries of Western Europe .
Yes .
This is clear , thank you so much , Dr. Jawad Al Anani , and sorry about the tight time .
Our esteemed viewers from Amman participated with us .
Mr. Azzam , to begin with , could you guide us , if possible , to a clear and numbered provision in the constitution that allows President Abbas to call for these early elections ?
I mean , first of all , uh , the president is an elected president , and is the steward of Palestinian interests .
There is no clear provision in the statute that stipulates the right of the president to dissolve the legislative council .
Here I say that the call for elections does not mean the dissolution of the legislative council .
According to our system , the previous council remains in place and its term ends with the beginning of the term of the new council , as happened in the past .
And there is no provision that prevents the president from calling for early elections , so the original case is permissible .
French law is one of the most prominent laws among the countries , uh , that provide for that .
Okay .
Okay , Mr. Azzam , do you agree that the step that President Abbas has taken , uh , in fact represents a violation of the principle of the separation of powers .
Is n't that so ?
No .
The president is the head of the executive power , and is the sponsor of the three powers , according to statute and we 're in a real trouble , political trouble .
The Palestinian political powers have failed to agree in order to get out of the crisis .
The president has to take action .
This is what the people , and all the polls , have demanded .
According to the last poll , 92 percent of the people surveyed said that the president has to take action so that the Palestinian people can get out of the tragedy they are in .
Okay .
Joining us live from Jeddah is Doctor Zuhair Al - Harithy , the writer and researcher on political issues .
Doctor Zuhair , do you expect this summit to be any different from previous summits ?
Well , by God , we hope so , I mean , uh , when , uh , we feel that the attendance of all the leaders , uh , reflects , uh , the importance of this summit .
And , uh , I also relate what you said about the speech of the Custodian of the Two Holy Shrines today , which was , I mean , unconventional and revealed that there is actually a serious desire to come out with complementary resolutions that would benefit , uh , the Council states and their peoples .
Okay , Doctor , I mean , uh , you mentioned the Saudi king 's speech .
There 's no doubt that in the speech , he pinpointed a lot of painful areas in the Arab body politic .
How would you evaluate the issues to be addressed , and especially those related to the Lebanese and Iraqi issues ?
I mean , I think that the Council 's stance on these two issues is also related to the stance of the Arab League , I mean , it wo n't be anything new .
And we 've heard resolutions and political stances from each individual state , uh , which uh , I mean , stress the unity of Iraq as a country and also support legitimacy in Lebanon .
I mean , these are the two main issues which , I mean , I think the summit will focus on .
But I would also like to add that the Custodian of the Two Holy Shrines referred today to an important point when he indicated that there is a flaw in the constitution of the Council .
He pointed out we support or contribute to solving these issues outside the Council states or those related to the region and we can not solve our problems within the Council .
He demanded that when there is a unified stance and a unified word , it can contribute to solving the pending problems in the region , which I mean , have reasons and implications that affect the Council states .
Okay , Doctor Zuhair , regarding Oman 's refusal to join the Monetary Union in 2010 , I mean , in your opinion , how much impact will that have ?
I mean , I think it 's not Oman .
It 's that we suffer from problems in each state .
Each country has temporary desires and interests .
If we follow this path , it would be difficult to activate the states of the Cooperation Council .
I think that if there are sincere intentions and a serious desire among leaders for the good of the people , not only with regard to economic issues or even the military issue , which is more dangerous , when we feel that there is , uh , uh , a strong Iranian presence in the region , and if this Cooperation Council does not transform into a regional power among its individuals and peoples in order to realize their interests , it will certainly fail in the long run .
Um .
Um .
Yes .
Um .
Yes .
Doctor Imad , I mean , until when do you expect , I mean , I mean , the lack of stability in the Palestinian matter ?
I mean , uh , at the start , what you presented in a compilation of conflicting news uh , uh , takes us towards optimism then takes us back to pessimism , of questions you put forward at the end of your introduction , I think , uh , this represents the essence of what is the reality now in the Palestinian Territories .
The impasse continues and the crisis continues and beyond optimism , and pessimism and hopes , I think that the crisis will be with us , uh , for a long time because , quite simply , the priority for the Palestinian factions now are the factions ' issue at the expense of the general Palestinian issue .
Uh , all , uh , uh , the leaders , when they talk , and we 're talking specifically about Fatah and Hamas in particular , offer good intentions .
The Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniya , contrary to what the program of the movement says , offered a new vision that says the movement will accept a Palestinian state along the '67 borders .
Olmert , at Ben Gurion 's grave , said he was ready to withdraw from the Palestinian West Bank along the '67 border , contiguous in its parts and geographically .
Uh , the Palestinian side constantly declares that we are very close to forming a new national unity government and what is more important to the Palestinian situation . If we put together all these issues , it would be possible to say that perhaps the Palestinian issue can be resolved tomorrow or the day after .
What is stopping the talks from starting when Olmert is ready ?
You used a very particular expression , which is the imbalance the Israeli government is going through , an extremely serious matter because there are calculations behind uh the speech Olmert made at , uh , Ben Gurion 's grave and he said in it that these matters are all words directed at the United States of America , words directed at the Quartet Committee and those in Israel .
Following the loss of the Republican Party led by US President George Bush in the midterm congressional elections , which were considered a referendum on US involvement in Iraq , came the Study Group report on US policy options in Iraq , which is co-chaired by former Secretary of State James Baker , a Republican , and former Congressman Lee Hamilton , a Democrat .
It is assumed that this report , drawn up by the group composed of five Democrats and five Republicans , will serve as a political cover for US President George Bush to reconsider his policy in Iraq at a time when security chaos is on the rise in the country .
Although the group 's work was entirely confidential , leaks published by the New York Times newspaper said that the group agreed on the need for a regional conference including Iraq 's neighboring countries to discuss means of putting an end to the violence in the country . As well as to urge Bush to abandon his reservations regarding talks with Iran and Syria , who neighbor this country .
Despite the group 's division on the issue of setting a timetable for the withdrawal of US occupation forces from Iraq , Democrat Senator Jack Reed expressed his belief that the group may reach an agreement to provide general recommendations rather than specific ones in this regard .
The New York Times said that the group defined its mission as providing the US government with proposed solutions to the Iraqi situation .
The Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency , which includes 35 countries , is meeting today , with the full board in attendance , to examine the Iranian request for help in the nuclear project as one application of a recommendation presented at a meeting of the Technical Affairs Committee of the International Atomic Energy Agency to the head of the Agency .
Diplomats said that most Western and developing countries in the Agency have temporarily agreed to freeze the Iranian request , because of fears that it might result in the subsequent production of plutonium ; this in response to the fears of the developing countries that this will set a precedent to deprive technical assistance to the peaceful nuclear energy programs of these countries .
Seven other requests submitted by Tehran are seen as not constituting any risk for the proliferation of atomic bombs , since they basically address the medical and civilian aspects of atomic energy , and which most members of the Board of Governors are convinced will not increase Iran 's capacity to enrich uranium and recycle the spent fuel to extract materials for the manufacture of weapons .
The construction of the Arak reactor , which operates with heavy water , and for which Tehran is requesting technical assistance from the International Atomic Energy Agency pertaining to radiation safety measures for the reactor , will be the focus of the Agency 's meeting today , in spite of the fear of Western countries , particularly the United States of America , that Iran might use this reactor to produce plutonium to make nuclear weapons ,
noting that Tehran must not receive special assistance on the Arak project .
Who is it that today wants to blow things up in Lebanon , Doctor ?
There is no doubt that what is going on now is a repercussion of the July 12th War .
Uh , obviously , Israel has never in its history encountered , since it came into existence until today , a resistance like the resistance it met in this war .
A slap in the face in return , that is .
And to this day , we still hear the repercussions within Israel .
Let me go back a little to the creation of Israel .
Israel and the Arab countries have been close to each other during the time of their existence , about 50 or 60 years .
And during those years , Israel waged well coordinated wars , in which it was victorious because of the unlimited support it received from the superpowers .
But what Israel did not fail to observe was that the societal war , if it were able to wage it and destroy Arab society from the inside , then it would have the final victory .
Uh-huh .
Because we are in civilized societies whose age goes back thousands of years .
Therefore , Israel understands this premise and it wants to dismantle societies from the inside .
Therefore it resorts to sectarian strife , to religious incitement and to racial and ethnic strife and so on .
This leads naturally to the fact that someone in Lebanon is working for the benefit of Israeli interests , someone working for the interests of Israel .
Of course , of course , of course , of course .
they are the ones who are stirring up all these waves we are seeing at this stage .
Joining us from Gaza is Nemer Hammad , the Palestinian President 's Political Affairs Advisor .
Sir , uh , to begin with , uh , to the observer of Palestinian affairs and Palestinian statements , things may appear somewhat ambiguous .
At times , the Palestinian President announces that these consultations have reached an impasse , and at other times he says that the situation has hope in , uh , reaching a solution for this government .
And Erekat today confirms that the current government may be one of the options proposed to President Abbas .
What is the truth of the matter ?
Well , the fact is that everyone knows that there have been times and moments where there was really great optimism of possibly reaching an agreement .
Then some problems appeared , which are not a secret either , and I can say them clearly .
So the brothers in Hamas put forth the issue that , uh , the essential portfolios must not be in the hands of independents , and that this would be an insult to the leaders of the factions .
In other words , this was a surprise .
Historically , as an example , the first Finance Minister in the Authority was brother Muhammad Zuhdi Al - Nashashibi , and he is an independent .
The first Palestinian Interior Minister to be appointed , uh , was Major General Abdel - Razzaq Al - Yahya , and he is an independent .
So this is one of the problems that surfaced .
Yet another problem surfaced and it was a surprise , and now it is being repeated in the statements of some of the brothers in the Hamas leadership , which is that the appointment letter by the president and the National Reconciliation document I mean are not sufficient in order , uh , for the government to obtain the vote of confidence .
Um .
The government receives encouragement from the Legislative Council , thus it becomes effective as if the appointment letter and the National Reconciliation document or the prisoners are worthless .
The problems exist .
Yes .
They exist under an economic and financial siege , and also a political siege .
Okay , speaking about this economic and financial siege , today Abbas said that we want a government capable of lifting the siege now with these efforts that have resulted so far in a kind of , uh , untangling , uh , of some of , uh , these difficulties that have befallen or or are facing the Palestinian people .
There is a Qatari initiative to pay the salaries of some employees in uh , Palestine .
Getting out of the predicament .
On the phone from Sofia , author and political analyst , Ahmed Karim .
First , I begin with Mr. Ahmed Karim from Sofia .
Mr. Ahmed , welcome to you .
I mean , this huge amount of reactions to a judicial decision from a Libyan court , is it normal in your opinion ?
Ah , I do not believe that all of what is happening in the Arab world and the Islamic world , even if it is normal , it is normal for the West , especially the Zionist fronts that are waiting to provoke whatever issue and exploit it against the Arabs and against Muslims in general .
Em .
So , I believe that the trial going on now once again for those accused of killing tens of children of Libyan brothers is a crime that can not be discussed in any other way , and calling it a crime , an ugly and mass crime .
Yes .
But , there are many sides to every issue , as you mentioned .
Yes .
On the judicial side , if the judiciary reached a total conviction and after thorough checking and scrutiny , uh , that this crime was committed deliberately and on purpose and was premeditated , then the judiciary would have its final word in this issue and they deserve what they deserve .
As I take the other side of this issue and its reactions , as I mentioned , to the world , it is normal that it caused a turmoil and a turmoil especially in Bulgaria and the countries of the world in particular , until the US Secretary of State , Condoleezza Rice , tackled the issue .
Yes , as we mentioned before , yes , yes .
Em .
And also , she condemned this issue and considered it as an inhuman act .
But she did not refer to the other side , the victims among the innocent children , that is a crime against all laws and divine -- as well as earthly -- norms .
Em .
How accurate is the revelation of armed groups leaders or gunmen who direct armed activity in Iraq from neighboring countries ?
And uh , some of them have been captured with coordination between the intelligence services of the two sides .
Have you gotten to the point of revealing the papers , what was paid , the price ?
I can say that coordination was not sufficiently adequate .
But recently , there has been a degree of coordination in the area of information ,
It may have helped Iraq and helped the Iraqi security services in capturing some of them or exposing some terrorist organizations .
But allow me to say : you did not ask about this , but what gave us the ability to pursue the terrorists , and specifically those who are foreigners or from neighboring countries , is the feeling and awareness among many Iraqis who , uh , apparently out of well - meaning and good intentions , joined these organizations -- or out of carelessness .
Now they have begun to feel guilty in their conscience and accountable because they harmed their nation , they harmed their families , they harmed their country .
This is why they came back , and brought back a lot of information , which gave our security services huge capabilities in hunting the terrorists .
And this operation will continue .
And the awakening will continue , the awakening of our citizens opens for us a new horizon every day , they who were led astray by lies , religious slogans or political deceptions .
Well , the latest information is that there is a problem in the area of Arab Al - Barbir neighborhood , uh , about 50 people entered the area who were apparently returning from the sit - in or going to it , to the neighborhood .
And there were problems that occurred in the beginning with the residents and with , and there was smashing of cars but the army arrived on the scene and it seems that at that moment , it began controlling the situation .
Yes , but the opposition is accusing you that you are provoking those demonstrators ; how do you respond ?
I mean , do you have according to the investigations any information , especially about the victim who was killed yesterday in the Qasqas area ?
with respect to the victim may God bless his soul , the prime minister was with him , uh , and he was , I mean , a victim of all that is happening and a victim of all Lebanon , uh , and consequently , uh , there is a military investigation being conducted by the military court and those details of the investigation are in the hands of the military judiciary and in the hands of the Lebanese army with everyone .
there is no doubt about that subject .
Uh , there are also no details , the site of the shooting , it seems that it came from a remote unidentified direction , uh , and specifically no one can level an accusation at any group .
And unfortunately , what was said on Al - Manar station that the militia , uh , of the Future , first of all we have no militia and no gunmen , and we in the Future Movement have never used weapons or given weapons to anyone .
And everyone knows that , and there is one armed party in all this mess , uh , in the Lebanese interior .
in regard to the provocations , this is a strange and amazing thing .
I mean , if we take the outcome from the clashes that took place , uh , over the past 24 hours , especially yesterday evening , we see where they take place and who suffers the damage , we discover uh , that they occur more in the regions with a majority belonging to the Future Movement politically or to March 14 , and not in the regions that are affiliated with any of , uh , the March 8 followers .
Therefore , it is clear who is making these provocations and who causes the damage .
There is no decision ; it seems that taking to the street is not as safe as it has been announced .
Yes .
Mr. Abdel - Hussein , I mean , today , after the bombing that occurred at Al - Tayaran Square leaving dozens of innocent civilians victims , I mean , Mr. Al - Maliki issued a statement and said that the terrorists and the Takfiris and their Saddamist allies are behind this crime and most of the crimes that take place , which target Iraqi citizens daily in the capital and the other governorates .
He also said that it reveals that the terrorist groups that stand behind it seek to spread the anarchy of killing and crime and to drag Iraq into the crucible of war and sectarian sedition .
I mean , there were indications that the conference , the National Reconciliation Conference , would pave the way for a national dialogue with some of the armed groups .
First , do you expect that the Conference will meet the demands of these groups ?
The truth is , when the objective is either I rule over you or I kill you , or the objective is either I take hold of everything I can without consideration of national interests , or without consideration , uh , of the complexities of the Iraqi circumstances , then , in reality , I mean , uh , I think that continuing in this situation wo n't change anything in the reality of situation , uh , in Iraq .
The issue is , either there is a sincere patriotic intention to transcend this situation towards a better situation , transcend , uh , the phase of dictatorship that Iraq experienced , then the phase of the mistakes of the American occupation whose price the Iraqi people are paying .
Actually , the Iraqi people are paying for mistakes they have nothing to do with .
And our guest , Azam al - Ahmed , Chairman of the Fatah Movement Parliament Bloc .
Mr. Azam Al - Ahmed , at a time when the international community is actually demanding Hamas to recognize Israel and reject violence , we hear some of your colleagues actually criticizing Hamas , that its members have not fired one shot at the Israelis since the truce agreement .
How ah I mean , can we reconcile these two subjects ?
I mean , maybe some statements are released inaccurately but amid ah the skirmishes and harassment , some statements come out , I mean ah that the only aim behind them in my estimation is harassment , not more than that .
We say yes , Hamas was the regiment most committed to the truce that was announced in Cairo , and this is not at all a fault , but rather we rather respect this position .
Ok , Mr. Azam al - Ahmed , from another perspective , ah as you know Fatah formed all , if not most , of the Palestinian governments that , I mean , have existed since the Oslo Agreement ; Fatah also complied with international standards , as foreign officials say .
But what was the outcome of that ?
I mean , we signed an agreement as a Palestinian Liberation Organization and ah the governments committed by the successive , and by the way ah we were continuously , Fatah , inviting everyone to participate .
Those who accepted participation , like the Al - Shaab Party , Feda , Popular Resistance Front , some of the independents and the Islamic Current , were always members of the government .
The outcome : we signed a principle agreement for a three year period .
Israel ah was setting up barriers .
We succeeded first in establishing organizations , the nucleus of the Palestinian entity on the land of Palestine , on the way to establishing the independent Palestinian state .
Yes .
About a quarter million Palestinians returned thanks to the agreement that was signed .
And when Israel started to disclaim the agreements , we clashed with it and Sharon , who actually opposed and is still opposing and his party still opposes the Oslo Agreement , won in the Knesset elections .
Okay .
And we entered a struggle since the year 2000 till now , and before that the Al - Nafaq uprising also , let us remember it well ; this is why Yasser Arafat was put under siege and there was the Al - Aqsa Intifadah and there was a re-invasion , because the struggle was renewed , because we refused ah to accept the Israeli dictates .
Okay .
Okay .
Mr. Ronnie Alfa , well , despite all that went on in Lebanon today , there is still some hope pinned , in some way or another , on Speaker Nabih Berri to play a certain role towards resolution , towards returning to the discussion table , and so forth .
Can Speaker Nabih Berri today take some sort of step ?
I mean , uh , I mean , could an attractive offer come along , uh , that would urge Speaker Nabih Berri to , uh , call once again upon the discussion table ?
Uh , Abir , I mean , the 14 February Forces mainly tried to manipulate , uh , Shiite bilateralism , thinking there could be certain differences , well , or political diversity , or paradoxes , or possibly political differences between Speaker Berri on the one hand and the resistance and Mr. Nasrallah on the other .
But , of course these flattering and laudatory attempts failed .
Uh-huh .
Speaker Berri had pointed out at the dialog table and at the discussion table that although he may be adopting an initiative calling for unity , at the end of the day he is an involved party and will remain so .
Therefore , he will express his views as an involved party .
Speaker Berri , today , and until the last moments of the divorce kept saying that the marriage could still be patched up , the combination of national accord and dialog were still possible , but when all these windows were closed , the final cure was cauterization , as you mentioned at the beginning of the episode .
Of course , today there have been attempts to revive Speaker Berri 's role in this direction , but let 's admit that what 's going on today in Martyr Square and Riyadh Al - Sulh Square dictates a new national political game to Speaker Berri , as well as all the Lebanese parties involved .
Today there can be no return to any discussion table or dialog table to discuss matters that have become part of the past .
The solution now lies in devising an appropriate formula to form a national unity government and calling for early elections .
I do n't know what form Speaker Berri 's possible initiative might take ; however , under the weight of these two demands , it is impossible for Speaker Berri to make any new moves .
Tell me your opinion on the Baker - Hamilton committee recommendations ?
First of all , it seems to me and as it is the fact , that the report is written for the US administration and not for the Iraqi people .
It also seems , as far as I know , that it represents recommendations and reviews rather than decisions .
The decision remains in the hands of the US administration .
And I know that much of its content does not represent the will and direction followed by the Administration .
I can also say that it set off from shaky ground , because the review was not complete in covering the entire background and its outcome after the collapse of the regime .
And it should have reviewed events more accurately , and made them into a fertile ground for a solution .
However , the report brought together contradictions in the vision and recommendations .
The vision that we find at the beginning may differ from the vision towards the end and the initial recommendations differ from the recommendations in the middle , perhaps due to it being written by multiple authors or for having a muddled vision .
But they expressed it and said there are no magic solutions .
Perhaps the reality that Iraq and the region are going through may impose itself through the difficulties encountered by those who think they are providing the solution .
But if I were asked to briefly , uh , evaluate the report , I would say that it is not lacking in good indications related to the political course and the unity of Iraq .
However , it is not devoid either of offences or negative trends regarding the Iraqi course and the review of the Iraqi crisis issue .
To us , all of these are subject to revision by the political powers to examine the positive trends and separate them from the negative trends that are not in tune with the prospects of political leaders .
Nihad Abu Ghosh , welcome to you .
The start from the decision of ah Aharon Barak in the Supreme Court of Justice yesterday that the Israeli army has the right to carry out assassinations and this is not against the law .
Please .
Me or you , it is good that you started with this question because in my opinion it is the most important thing that appeared in the newspaper in the headlines in the Hebrew press today .
Aha .
I mean , this ah ah represents an underlying bias in the Israeli judiciary as a whole for the logic of rule of the jungle .
Aha .
Ah legitimizing killings outside of the law and without , huh , any legal basis , ah it ah reveals ah what is known to everyone that the Israeli judicial establishment with its highest authority is part of the ruling Israeli establishment , part of the occupation , part of the suppression process the occupation country is practicing against the Palestinian people .
Ah previously , the legal system would ignore incidents of lawbreaking and violations , and as we know , I mean , during long years of the uprising and years of occupation , we did not witness any case of a real trial for ah anyone committing one of these crimes , neither at the political level , nor at the military level .
Aha .
Aha .
Aha .
Now , I mean , Barak as they say , and admits that killing outside the framework of the law is permissible , gives it legitimacy , this is , I mean , impudence in itself no more .
In your opinion such law , how could it , I mean , be used on the Palestinian and diplomatic levels in front of the world ?
The Israeli judiciary gives an authorization to every Israeli soldier to commit murder and he wo n't be punished .
Actually , there are ah tens of files that the Palestinians and the Arabs ah should use , starting from the Wall File , The Hague and all the United Nations resolutions regarding the occupation and settlement .
Aha .
This issue increases , I mean , definitely , I mean , it is supposed ah to grant Palestinians and Arabs ah a right and legal weapon on the international level to reveal the discrimination of this occupying state and reveal that it is a country outside ah ah international law .
Aha .
It considered itself above the law , does not abide by any law or by any legal standards , neither on the international level , nor even on the local level .
The Rams Road is considered one of the tourist landmarks in the city of Luxor which is frequented by tourists from various nationalities to learn about Egyptian civilization dating back thousands of years .
At this time , the implementation of the project of re-opening the Rams Road , which links the two temples of Luxor with the temple of Karnak , has begun .
Ahmed Noweir got to know the landmarks of the Rams Road .
While it has been described as the largest archeological cultural project in the Middle East , the implementation of the project of re-opening and building the Rams Road in the city of Luxor has begun .
That road , which links the two temples of Luxor and Karnak and on which the sacred processions of the kings would march during the ceremonies of the Pharaonic era , it was initially built by the kings of Pharaonic Egypt in Thebes 5,000 years ago and is two kilometers and 700 meters long .
Presumed to exist along the road are one thousand two hundred statues that were sculpted in two forms , one in the form of the Sphinx and the second in the form of the body of a ram .
With the re-opening of the Rams Road , tourists will be able to walk from the temple of Luxor to the temple of Karnak , and Luxor will be transformed into the largest open air museum in the world .
evidently this road was covered and people built over it , and uh , when we thought about it , uh , really , I mean , if not for the assistance of Her Excellency the Minister Fayza Aboul Naga , just so that everyone gets credit in Egypt and knows who did what , she gave us this financial assistance of 240 million pounds .
Without that , this road would have remained for eternity , and then it would broken up and been covered .
So she gave us this support , with which we compensated the residents who were on it , the land , we built them other new residences instead .
So now we have seen the result which is , with God 's help , that we dug and found the rams intact ,
and uh , re-opening the Rams Road will turn Luxor into the largest open air museum in the world .
The tourist arrives in the temple of Luxor and walks on the Rams Road until Karnak in the same ancient Pharaonic procession of the Pharaohs .
The total cost of the project is 240 million Egyptian pounds , a grant from the Ministry of International Cooperation .
The execution of 200 meters of the road has begun as a prototype segment of the entire road with the same form .
something wonderful , and something that ought to make every Egyptian inside feel uh , I mean , a unique feeling , uh , first of pride and glory in our history , our ruins and the creativity that has existed for more than 5,000 years .
Results of the first round of legislative elections , which were held last Sunday in Mauritania , and which are considered the first after the peaceful coup that took place last year , revealed the victory of the opposition alliance by twenty - six seats out of forty - three seats in the parliament , that were decided in the first round .
The percentage of participation in the municipal and legislative elections in Mauritania reached seventy - three percent of the total voter votes .
In an atmosphere of watching and awaiting the results of the Mauritanian legislative elections , the opposition alliance of the former regime in Mauritania won by twenty - six parliamentary seats out of forty - three in the first round of the legislative elections which were held last Sunday , and which are considered the first since the military coup .
The independents ranked second by winning ten seats , while five other small political parties , some of them in the alliance , got eight seats .
Which indicates that the total participation in the legislative and municipal elections is seventy - three percent of voters of this country , whose residents exceed three million people .
The Mauritanian legislative elections come after a white coup that took place in August of the year 2005 , which overthrew former President Muawiyah Wald Taya after twenty - one years .
Since that time , Mauritania has been ruled by a military council , which promised to hand over authority to civilians through a series of transparent elections and preventing members of the council from running in the elections as candidates .
Control over parliament would be decided in the second round of the elections , which takes place next month in thirty - three electoral districts , and sixty - six lists compete in it , including thirty - four independent and thirty - two for the political parties .
And to the slip of the tongue that was made by Ehud Olmert , in which he admitted that the Israeli entity has nuclear weapons .
This interview was in Germany with German television .
But stranger than that was the reply to him by Mordechai Vanunu , who was detained for several years after he revealed the secrets of the nuclear weapons inside the Israeli entity .
Vanunu said that the whole world knows about what Ehud Olmert declared .
And in any case , specifically Roni Shaked wrote , I was not surprised by Olmert 's statements .
The entire world knows that Israel has nuclear weapons .
It was necessary for a person with an official capacity in Israel to stand up and say that , and Olmert said that yesterday ,
That was the response of the nuclear spy Mordechai Vanunu to the slip of the tongue by Olmert .
Vanunu gave an interview yesterday with the Al - Ayyam Palestinian newspaper that is published in Ramallah .
The former spy said : Years ago , I spoke about the nuclear weapons that Israel possesses , after I had spoken , Israel was obliged to admit that it possessed nuclear weapons .
I hope now , and in the aftermath of the statements by the prime minister , that Israel will change its policy .
Mr. Ahmad Rafiq , I mean , uh , uh , Vanunu says that as you noticed , it is trying to make it look as though Olmert broke the taboo , but Vanunu says that this is incorrect , that the whole world knows that the Israeli entity possess nuclear weapons .
Let me shift to Beirut , to Mr. Fayyad Habib .
Mr. Fayyad , I mean , after Amr Moussa 's talks today , can we say there is any progress in the air ?
Well , matter of fact , is that if the decision were left to the ruling party in Lebanon , perhaps there would be a possibility of success for the Arab initiative .
But unfortunately , the Lebanese crisis at this time in particular defies resolution , because the key to the solution is not in the hands of any of the Lebanese .
Instead , the key to the solution right now is in the United States of America .
And since the American orientation so far has not been completely elaborated , especially after , the Baker - Hamilton report , in my estimation , the situation in Lebanon will remain pending the clarification of perceptions that the American administration wants to adopt at the level of the region as a whole .
Consequently , Lebanon in this situation does not , you know , represent an independent issue for the American administration as much as it is an arena or a pressure card through which it wants to deal with the other relevant parties in the region .
And joining us from Tripoli Libya is our correspondent Khaled El - Deeb .
Khaled , first , what are the aspects of this ruling and can the defense appeal it ?
Yes , the ruling relied on Article 53 of the Libyan Penal Code , which pertains to spreading diseases .
This Article confirms that if the epidemic is spread to one person , the sentence will be life in prison , but if the epidemic was spread to more than one person , the sentence is the death penalty .
This is the uh , legal aspect in this case .
As for background of this case , this sentence , despite its strength and despite its impact , the defendants still have an opportunity to appeal the ruling before the Supreme Court .
Yes , so what was the impact of the ruling on those present , especially on the defendants and also on the families of the victims ?
With respect to the defendants , there was no strong reaction ; in fact , some received it with a smile , but outside the walls of the Court , the families of the victims were impatiently waiting for the issuing of this sentence .
As soon as the ruling was issued , shouts and shrill cries arose , and uh , they confirmed that this was just punishment and that truth had prevailed for them , and that their suffering , which lasted more than eight years , had found its way to a solution , or at least punishment , while waiting to set up what wasagreed agreed upon in a humanitarian aspect , apart from the legal aspect , which is the International Compensation Fund that was agreed upon .
But so far , the way to make it an effective international fund has not been found .
Khaled El - Deeb , our correspondent in Tripoli , thank you .
We return again , our viewers , to our guest on today 's episode , Dr. Khattar Abu Diab .
Uh , Dr. Khattar , the New York Times , uh , cites a neutral poll that indicates that , uh , the popularity of Abbas is ahead of the popularity of Haniyeh by at least six points .
Uh , in your opinion , does this justify the rejection by Hamas of Abbas 's call for early elections ?
I do n't think that Hamas 's rejection is linked to the results of this poll or to its fear of its declining popularity .
There is an impasse , which is the impasse of the Palestinian National Authority in itself .
This Authority was built on the basis of agreements that have not been implemented .
And the advent of the Hamas Movement came to add complexity to things because effectively , it did not recognize the framework through which it came to power .
Also adding complexity to things is the American and British rejection of the Hamas Movement , i.e. there was a contradiction in supporting , for example , the Siniora government in Lebanon and not recognizing a democratically elected government in Palestine as well .
And among the repercussions in the matter is the lack of clarity concerning a successor to Arafat and the lack of clarity of the position within the Fatah Movement itself .
All of this led to complicating the position in the Palestinian arena , but we should not be surprised , because there is reshuffling in every national liberation movement .
During the days of Arafat , this reshuffling was long delayed , and now it is happening , but not for the benefit of the Palestinian people .
Yes .
Because when this people is headed towards a civil war , neither Hamas leadership nor Fatah leadership is of use any longer ; rather the gains that were achieved in the recent period may be threatened as a whole .
Yes .
Yes .
Haj Hussein Al - Khalil , Political Assistant to the Hezbollah Secretary General , revealed during a special interview with Al - Alam Channel that Lebanese Prime Minister Fouad Siniora demanded from Hezbollah to hand over its weapons , and that was at the time of the last Israeli aggression on Lebanon , or else the Cabinet would have to issue its orders to the security forces to seize the party 's weapons .
That day we were discussing means of confrontation , how we should deal with the existing aggression , and how we should deal with the international resolutions that were still existing draft resolutions .
Em .
And there he was , Prime Minister Siniora , proposing in front of everyone , I mean , that if we want to get out of this war , so Haj , you only have to obey that Hezbollah should hand over its weapons .
Em .
I told him okay , and other than that what other option do we have ?
He said other than that option , the Cabinet , if you do not want to hand them over , I mean , voluntarily , then the Cabinet will convene , the Council of Ministers , and demand ah and we give authorization to the Lebanese army to perform break - ins and it would confiscate the weapons without you having to hand them over , I mean , by hand .
Yes .
Al - Khalil said that Speaker of the Lebanese Parliament Nabih Berri , who was present , responded to Siniora at the time , surprised at the pressured timing to disarm the resistance .
I remember that day Speaker Nabih Berri , confronting him and telling him , Prime Minister , oh brother , in the Israeli kibbutzes that are in northern Palestine , the Israeli peasant farmer carries his weapon , his RPG , the gun and the bomb on the agricultural tractor , present , and you are coming now demanding us to disarm the resistance or to hand over the resistance weapons , no .
I commented on the words of the Prime Minister , and I told him : Mr. Fouad Siniora , Prime Minister , by God it is a shame and a disgrace that you ask us , you give us two options , either to hand over our weapons while we are in the peak of battle with this Israeli enemy , or threaten us that you 'll let it continue the battle .
Yes .
At the beginning of this episode , we welcome Dr. Faiz Ezz Eddine , political writer and researcher .
Welcome , doctor .
I have with me also via satellite , from Beirut , Hajj Hassan Ezz Eddine , Hezbollah official in the south and member of the party 's political office .
Good evening , Hajj Hassan .
Good evening .
I also have with me over the phone from Beirut also , former Member of Parliament , Mr. Nasser Kandil .
Good evening , Mr. Nasser .
Hello , good evening .
If we start from Lebanon , I mean , uh , Hajj Hassan Ezz Eddine , how would you evaluate the situation now in the light of successive developments with regards to initiatives and mediations , whether spiritual or political , Lebanese and Arab ?
I mean , in the last minutes before the program , uh , some glimmers of hope started to appear on the chances of success of the Arab initiative .
How do you in Hezbollah read it ?
I mean , to begin with , uh , I would like to say that what happened yesterday was a historic referendum in the history of Lebanon , since its establishment and until this moment .
Yes .
This national opposition , with its varied sectarian powers and varied political powers also , uh , was , uh , of one tendency that it is uh , no longer possible to continue with , this authority which , uh , extorted , uh , governance .
It is illegitimate and unconstitutional .
It still covers its ears and , uh , does not see what happens meters away from it .
Uh , it claims democracy ; it did not respond to the will of people .
Uh , the opposition determined , uh , its goals , uh , that without a national unity government , there is no meaning for any proposition or for any initiative that could come , uh , at the local level , or at the regional level , or at the international level .
Okay , Mr. Demis from Portland , do you share Mr. Vegan Zino 's opinion ?
How can the new Security Council resolutions change , especially with relation to the Middle East issues , and he mentioned North Korea in particular and Bolton 's push towards imposing sanctions on it and the efforts he made for that purpose ?
Will this perhaps positively be reflected now that Bolton has left with his hard line policy and even his way of talking about various issues ?
I think that most of Bolton 's efforts were aimed at the hawkish view towards Iran .
We have to say something on this issue .
From the start , they exerted pressure in order to impose sanctions and a strict policy , stricter than the policies of other Security Council member states , and this is why Security Council member states and other states did n't agree with these policies , and this led to division .
Of course the other parties did n't exert this kind of pressure and did n't want this policy against Iran .
Bolton did n't hesitate to follow this strict policy against Iran , and he was n't able to convince the other states to follow this same policy .
He may even , at times , have overstated the importance of the Iranian nuclear issue .
Then , I predict that the person who will replace Bolton wo n't be from the military or from the hard liners , especially with regard to the Iranian nuclear issue .
This may lead to improvements in Iranian American relations .
A representative in the Iraqi Parliament and a leader in the al - Sadr current , Mr. Salam .
First ah as we know that Al - Sadr current had announced the suspension of its participation in the government and the parliament in opposition to the meeting of Bush and Al Maliki , the Iraqi Prime Minister .
This is not the first time an Iraqi Prime Minister has met with President Bush , right ?
In the Name of Allah , the Most Beneficent , the Most Merciful .
Naturally , I mean , ah it is going through a crisis and dangerous escalation in acts of violence and terrorism .
believes that all these acts of violence or what is going on in Iraq and the deterioration of the situation , that the reason for that is the occupation forces .
So , when the Al - Sadr current opposed ah ah the meeting of Mr. Al - Maliki with Bush , considering the Americans are responsible , a direct responsibility , for what is happening in Iraq .
That is why there should be a strong position from the government , in which it demands ah receiving the security dossier and controlling the security situation in order to stop the bloodshed and to avoid continuing this blood - letting .
Once again , did this responsibility come up now , as you say the responsibility of the Americans for what is happening , or was it the reason in the past , for example , Al - Ja'fari 's government Prime Minister Al - Ja'fari , to be in this government , he met with Bush , it did not cause any fuss ?
Certainly , certainly , but now things started to get more dangerous and to get more heated , and the security situations in Iraq started to deteriorate bit by bit , so actually we have reached a stage the street would not be able to handle what is going on .
So , we said that there should be an earnest and effective step from the government to receive the security dossier , because the situation of the dead and the situation of what is happening in Iraq has become a terrifying and very frightening situation .
Yes .
Ok .
Mr. Salam , personally , do you consider this step successful ?
Definitely , it is ah a political justification , or a political position that the Al - Sadr current adopted , I hope , I mean , that there would be a round of dialogue between ah the political powers and the government in order to coordinate the position before announcing it .
Ah we hope the government has a strong position and I mean , a strong will in stabilizing the security dossier , and through dialogue with the Americans ; so the position of the Al - Sadr current , is a political position .
Ok .
Ok , Bush did not only meet with the Prime Minister , but he also met with Abd al - Aziz al - Hakim , one of the senior Shiite leaders in Iraq , as you know .
Are you going to apply the same thing you did with the Prime Minister to Bush 's meeting with Abd - al Aziz al - Hakim ?
No , naturally , the Supreme Council has its own policy , and I believe it is a party that has its political plan .
As for the government , it is responsible for the security of Iraq as a whole ; so when the Al - Sadr current announced its position , it was asking the government to have the power in controlling the security situation , and it has the bigger role in receiving the security dossier .
So , we also gave ah I mean ah power and support to the Prime Minister in order to demand to receive the file , as the street is now congested and does not want to continue in that situation .
You are belittling in this case the influence of Abd al - Aziz al - Hakim , I mean , you say he has no importance compared to the Prime Minister , right ?
No , certainly Abd al - Aziz al - Hakim is a political man , who has his political project , but we are demanding the Prime Minister , he has the bigger authority in the administration of Iraq as a whole , but Mr. Abd al - Aziz al - Hakim is a contributing party in the political process , and he has his political role .
Ok .
Abd al - Aziz al - Hakim , I mean , you want to say , has his political program ; his political program is different from your program ?
Definitely , we disagree with the brothers in the Supreme Council with our political project , we have a project of resistance , reform and change .
They have a project of the Americans .
They do not have a project of change and reform , you say ?
No , no , not change and reform , but they do not believe in resistance at the time being , and so they entered the political process from its beginning , before the fall of the regime .
And there were rounds of dialogue between them and the Americans , and you know where the mistake is , but we do not want to engage in dialogue with the Americans we did not believe in the political process from the beginning ; we hold the occupation accountable for what is happening .
Yes .
The twenty - fifth of January is the initial date for holding the Arab and international conference for the support of Lebanon , or Paris Three ; and the preparations , according to the Minister of Finance , Jihad Azour , are still underway in spite of what is going on in the street .
Ah I mean , to give more successful opportunities to the conference , because by the success of the conference , there is a very big chance for Lebanon , the Lebanese economy would improve , the living conditions of people would improve , and Lebanon would go back to regain its position and regional role .
The government of Prime Minister Fouad Al Siniora has worked since it was established to get Lebanon out of the financial crisis and to improve the economic situation , and it has worked also for holding this conference .
Minister Azour said --
What if quote unquote the government of Prime Minister Fouad Al Siniora fell , what would be the destiny of Paris Three ?
these are questions I have no answer for , but the answer I do have is to continue preparation and persistence .
The government changed , another government came , at least the whole gear is ready for the coming government so it can continue on the path .
Welcome , dear viewers .
We now meet with His Highness Dr. Anwar Mahmoud Gargash , Minister of State for the Federal National Council Affairs in the Emirates .
Welcome to you , Your Excellency Minister , in this interview for Abu Dhabi Channel .
Hello .
Welcome .
Your Excellency Minister , first , what would you say on this special occasion to all of us ?
The thirty - fifth anniversary ah of the federation , a special occasion to all of us .
Ah an occasion ah I mean , during which we think of the great achievements of this nation , we think of ah how we became ah of the pioneer Arab countries that are pointed to ah with the fingers after I mean ah hard beginnings .
And actually ah I mean , we have been blessed with a political leadership ah I mean insightful , ambitious , and on top of it of course the late Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan , God bless his soul .
I am from the federation generation , I am ah from those , I mean ah ah who were sent abroad , and I studied abroad , and I lived all those stages , and I say that the human being has ah I mean an amazing ability to ah I mean accept change .
But there ah the human being also has moments in which he stops with patience and ah thinks of the stages that passed in order to realize the reality of the greatness of the experience and the greatness of the journey that ah I mean we have accomplished .
A blessed journey ah led today by His Highness Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan and His Highness Sheikh Mohamed ah Bin Rashid Al Maktoum .
Ah and we expect , God willing , in the coming periods that we go from success to another success ; it is a very special occasion and a precious national anniversary .
Yes .
The timeframe the army in Fiji has set for the government to respond to its demands ended without any incidents worth mentioning .
At this time , fifteen ministers of the Southern Pacific Country Association are meeting in Australia to discuss the repercussions of the Fiji crisis and try to reach a solution that satisfies everyone .
Three hundred and twenty - two islands are the Fiji archipelago , in the southern Pacific Ocean , all holding their breaths for how things will end between the army and the government .
The army threatens a peaceful coup against the elected government if it does not withdraw legislations the most prominent of which relate to pardoning Fiji nationals involved in the coup in the year two thousand .
The coup which the army is threatening now would be the fourth in the history of the country in the last twenty years .
Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase announced the suspension of controversial legislations during a reconciliation meeting in which New Zealand mediated , and in it the Prime Minister and the army commander met for the first time in more than a year .
But the government leader 's step did not satisfy the forces commander .
Suspending the resolution does not satisfy us ; we want it withdrawn and cancelled completely .
The army , in an attempt to show its decisiveness toward fulfilling its promises , conducted exercises with live ammunition and marched patrols through the capital city , Suva .
Meanwhile , fifteen ministers from the sixteen Southern Pacific Association countries have met in Sydney in Australia to discuss the future situations and come up with a solution that satisfies the parties in the Fiji crisis .
I will come back once more uh , to listen to , uh , Mr. Elie Ferzli and uh , he is with us again .
Your Excellency , Minister , the government warned against descending into the street , uh , previously , that there would be another street and there might be provocations and friction that may lead to disastrous consequences in Lebanon .
Why has n't the government brought its supporters to the street after this opposition crowd went out ?
in our personal judgment , to threaten one street with another street , which was issued by some , uh , mouthpieces of the authorities and some figures , uh , of the parliamentary majority , uh , its purpose was to stir up agitation in the path of the opposition and , as a result , to be satisfied and not resort to expressing itself through this huge phenomenon that is taking place in the , uh , well known squares of Beirut .
Uh , however , when they sensed the seriousness , uh , of going out and they sensed the seriousness of this popular flood , the seriousness of this popular presence , and the seriousness of the existing division , they felt they had to be satisfied , uh , uh , because their descent into the street , uh , would have been a descent against the authorities , because demonstrating usually is one .
Is it permissible for the government to lead a riot among the people , to push people against people ?
Usually in all the countries of the world , we know that the opposition descends to express its opinion within the confines of the constitution in a peaceful and civilized way , and this is what happened against the existing authorities .
Our authorities here make people descend unless their objective is to push things towards an internal riot , and this I think is something that will leave very negative fingerprints on it .
Um .
Yes .
Thank you very much , Your Excellency , Minister Elie Ferzli , thank you for participating with us and for expressing your opinion with us on this topic .
Dear viewers , after viewing this report by our correspondent in Paris Saad Al - Massoudi , it is my pleasure to welcome my guest from inside the studios of Alarabiya .
He is , uh , the author , newspaper writer , and political analyst , Mr. Samir Atallah .
Welcome to you with us from inside the studio .
Welcome .
Mr. Samir , I mean , from our viewing , uh , this report , we saw that , uh , Le Point magazine , Paris Match and L'Express sort of focused on a single issue , uh , with respect to the assassination , uh , of the young minister and MP Pierre Gemayel .
Uh , how do you see the points of similarity that , uh , were made , uh , by Le Point between the Kennedy family and Gemayel family ?
There is an error reported by Le Point , uh , not a minor one , which is that Pierre Gemayel the grandfather was assassinated .
The fact is that he died I mean , when his time came , his time , a natural death .
but there are some members of the Gemayel family and their in-laws , I mean , that is the Aswad family , were assassinated under circumstances we all know .
Nevertheless , the sad thing in this matter is that not only the Gemayel family has this similarity with the Kennedys ; there are many families in Lebanon that have lost the father and the grandfather and sometimes the grandson , including the Jumblatts , including the Chamouns and others .
Yes .
Yasser , some people might put forward a question , which I do n't want you to analyze , but some people might say that Jordan does not go far in this mediation because it 's seen as backing one side and not the other while there has been a misunderstanding regarding Haniya 's latest visit which was to be to Jordan .
Jordan its position of supporting the Palestinian Authority is known and , uh , its bias towards the project adopted by the Fatah movement , the peaceful settlement project .
Jordan 's relationship with Hamas is a relationship that passed through bad phases and even after the Hamas victory , the relationship with Hamas , uh , was very bad and , uh , especially after the issue known as arms smuggling and so forth .
But uh with regard to Hamas , uh , there remain open lines with Jordan on security levels and Hamas welcomes this relationship , according to what more than one Hamas officials has said more than once .
Now Jordan 's relationship with Hamas falls within the framework of mediation uh according to statements by Jordanian officials , mediation to preserve Palestinian blood .
Now , uh , accepting this mediation or rejecting it is up to Hamas and the Palestinian Authority .
As I told you , the Palestinian Authority may reject , uh , mediation , and perhaps certain sides in the Palestinian Authority may attempt to block Hamas and stop it leaving Jordan or somewhere other than Jordan , and this is a matter for the Palestinians .
Um .
Yes , Yasser .
Yes .
Jordan ended it role by inviting the sides to the Palestinian dispute at this stage to the reconciliation in Amman .
Okay .
Thank you , Yasser Abu Helal , head of Al Jazeera 's Amman desk .
There will be 120 million viewers tuning in to this evening reception .
This has been a CCTV report .
Dear viewers , that 's all for the China News program .
This is Xu Li , thank you all for watching !
Coming up next , please stay tuned to Focus Today hosted by Wang Shilin .
Dear viewers , good-bye !
News and events happen every day .
What you are interested in is exactly what we will be focusing on .
This is CCTV Focus Today .
A British newspaper revealed that the US had planned to bomb the al - Jazeera TV station in Qatar .
Was this a joke told by US President Bush or was it a long - meditated threat ?
Did British Prime Minister Blair know nothing about it , or did he succeed in persuading his ally to give up the idea of attacks ?
What exactly is the truth ?
Why can a TV station in a small Arab country have US President Bush on pins and needles ?
Focus Today is coming up in a minute .
Hello , dear viewers , welcome to Focus Today .
On November 22 , the British newspaper Daily Mirror revealed that US President Bush once planned to bomb the al - Jazeera TV station headquarters , setting off a mighty uproar .
The two British nationals charged with leaking the information already appeared in court for interrogation yesterday for the first time .
According to a report by the British newspaper the Guardian , al - Jazeera TV station is now considering suing US President Bush for this matter .
Well , what exactly was this incident ?
Why has al - Jazeera TV station become a thorn in Bush 's side ?
These are all the topics we will be focusing on today .
Two honorable guests have been invited to our studio .
Let me give you an introduction .
One is Mr. Ruan Zongze , vice director of the China Institute of International Studies .
Mr. Ruan Zongze has done extensive researches on British and US issues .
The other is Mr. Wu Huixuan , former CIR chief correspondent based in Qatar .
Hello !
Welcome you two to the studio for our interview .
Well , at the start of today 's program , let 's learn about the full context of this incident together .
We will first talk about the Daily Mirror article that started it .
What we are seeing now on screen is a very popular newspaper in Britain called the Daily Mirror .
Next , let 's see ; this is a November 22 article .
The title goes like this :
Exclusive report : Bush Planned to Bomb his Arab Ally
Well , let 's now look at the content of the article .
The article writes that the minutes of a meeting between British Prime Minister Blair , who was visiting the US on April 16 , 2004 , and US President Bush at the White House showed that Bush had intended to take military actions against al - Jazeera TV station headquartered in the Qatari capital of Doha .
Then , Blair said to Bush that such an action would trigger a worldwide uproar .
These are some records of the conversation between the two men .
Let 's now look at this article .
let 's look at this line marked with a black frame , which writes : Undoubtedly Bush wanted to do this .
And equally without doubt , Blair did not want him , that is , Bush , to do this .
Well , it happened , er , that our correspondent did an interview at the al - Jazeera 's Beijing office today and happened to videotape the image we are watching now , which was broadcast live by al - Jazeera TV station .
It was the news about Bush 's plan to bomb al - Jazeera TV station .
So what we are seeing on screen was exactly transmitted by al - Jazeera TV station .
Well , yesterday the two British nationals involved in the disclosure of the incident were interrogated by the court .
Well , here is the scene of the two persons under interrogation .
In the meantime , al - Jazeera TV station also protested several times upon learning the information .
Well , this is a brief introduction of the context of the incident .
Well , regarding this topic , the first question today is that we want to find out clearly whether this incident was real or not .
Let 's start with this newspaper .
Well , Director Yuan , I know that you also once worked in Britain .
Well , what kind of newspaper is the Daily Mirror ?
It is said to have a very large circulation , but people still call it a tabloid .
So how accurate is the news carried by it ?
This is true .
Its circulation should be considered one of the largest among British newspapers .
Uh-huh .
But at the same time , interestingly , it is not a mainstream newspaper , either .
Uh-huh .
That is why it is called a tabloid , because it does not belong to the mainstream in the current British newspaper industry .
It is still called a tabloid .
It is placed together with other city newspapers , yet it is also a newspaper of national circulation with an extremely powerful influence .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Its influence is mainly on ordinary readers , the general public .
That 's because most British newspapers have their own steady readership .
They have different levels of readership , ah .
Right , they have a fairly steady readership .
Right .
Well , this newspaper is said to have various kinds of topics appropriate to all ages .
Uh-huh , uh-huh .
Well , so , now we need to seriously consider its authenticity or accuracy .
Is the news carried by it credible or not ?
How much is its accuracy , I think , is still quite hard to determine at this time , indeed ,
Uh-huh .
because I will mainly speak from two perspectives .
First , when the Mirror got hold of the news , it called 10 Downing Street the first night , saying that it had such information .
Uh-huh , uh-huh .
Well , it meant to find out whether 10 Downing Street had anything to say , but Downing Street said it had no comments .
Uh-huh .
However , when the news was released , it set off such a mighty uproar .
Uh-huh .
This is the first point .
The second point is to look at the reaction of al - Jazeera TV station .
What al - Jazeera TV station is now asking Britain to do is to either confirm the news as true or to deny it .
Uh-huh , uh-huh .
However , right now , Britain has neither said it is true nor said it is not .
That is the situation .
It did not confirm anything .
However , there is still one detail .
When we introduced the context information , we also mentioned the two staff members involved in the leakage of the information .
These two staff members , also considered British government employees , have already been under interrogation .
Well , since they are under interrogation , it means they may have indeed divulged the secret .
Could this be used to determine that there was indeed such an incident ?
There was such an incident , um , uh-huh .
I think there are two questions involved in this matter .
One is whether there is any secret being divulged , and the other is whether the news that Bush wanted to bomb al - Jazeera TV station is true .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
I think these are two different questions .
Uh-huh .
Regarding the leakage of the secret , it seems that the possibility here , ah , is really big .
What secret exactly was divulged ?
Um .
Because according to the British , um , government , um , its Official Secrets Act Section 5 , that is to say , it is illegal for newspapers or media to publicize indiscreetly government information obtained through unauthorized channels .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So , well , these two people have already been suspected of violating this section , and that is why they have been sued .
Right .
Well , of course it is still in a preliminary stage right now , and yesterday a hearing lasting only 15 minutes was held .
Uh-huh .
But , both of these two people denied they were guilty .
Uh-huh .
So , now it will still have to go through a quite lengthy judicial procedure .
Eh , in other words , although they were interrogated , whether the secret leaked was something like our topic today , that is , Bush said he wanted to bomb al - Jazeera TV station , whether the secret divulged was this record , these are still two different things .
However , it should be closely related to this because this is about the so - called memo .
Uh-huh .
It should be closely related .
Yeah .
Uh-huh .
On April 16 of last year when Blair was visiting the US , they had some exchange between them .
That was how this memo came into being .
It was about five pages long .
Right .
Uh-huh .
Well , in this memo , Bush seemed to imply that he probably wanted to bomb this al - Jazeera TV station .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
At that time Blair tried his best to persuade him not to do it .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , but the very authenticity of the incident , I think , still needs to be determined by the British government or US government .
They need to come out for making clarification and judgment .
Yeah .
Well , Mr. Wu , we know , ah , you worked as a reporter in Qatar and were very familiar with al - Jazeera TV station .
So how do you look at this incident ?
Do you think it is real or not ?
Um .
I think it is possible that the US wanted to bomb al - Jazeera TV station .
Uh-huh .
That 's because all the things reported by al - Jazeera TV station since its establishment in 1996 were those the US did not want viewers in the world to look at , especially with respect to the Afghan war and Iraq war .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
What they reported was entirely incompatible with the so - called freedom of the press advocated by the US .
Uh-huh .
For instance , the US attacked al - Jazeera TV station several times .
It happened once that when Bush , er , together with that Defense Secretary Rumsfeld visited Qatar , they , put pressure on the Qatari government , saying you should not broadcast these news items that were harmful to the US .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , later , under such circumstances , eh , the director of al - Jazeera TV station was replaced once .
Uh-huh .
Under his pressure .
Uh-huh .
But , the leader of al - Jazeera TV station , Jazeera , ah , Qatar replied that we advocate the same freedom of the press as the freedom of the press in your country and that our government has no right to interfere with what is being reported by a private TV station .
That is to say , eh , according to your judgment , this incident was possible because the US has long considered it a thorn in its flesh .
Right .
So , to say that the US government or the US president had such an idea , you think many people may easily believe it .
Yeah .
There is such possibility .
Right , yes .
All right , regarding whether this incident was real or not , according to you two , eh , there is indeed a lot of information .
There are no waves without wind .
Yeah .
Right , there are no waves without wind .
So , this incident probably does have some basis .
Some basis .
Well , let 's now focus on this al - Jazeera TV station .
As a matter of fact , when we watch TV , we can see many news services , ah , including the US CNN and the British BBC , often replaying footage by al - Jazeera TV station .
Since the al - Jazeera TV station logo is on , people should be quite familiar with al - Jazeera TV station .
The station logo , right .
Yeah .
But how did this al - Jazeera TV station rise to fame competing with so many Western media outlets in news coverage ?
Let 's learn about this through another background video clip .
Al - Jazeera TV station , established in November 1996 in Qatar , is an Arabic - language news TV station broadcasting global news and reports nonstop around the clock .
Its staff all comes from various Arab countries , and its viewership has reached 50 million .
Prior to its establishment , there has been no Arabic - language TV station broadcasting news nonstop around the clock in the Arab world .
In September 2001 , the 9 / 11 attacks broke out in the US .
On October 7 , the US and Britain launched military strikes on the Taliban in Afghanistan .
As a result , another news war erupted in the international media community .
When people all over the world expected to watch the live broadcast of the war by the US CNN , they could only see a few blurry images on TV .
Meanwhile , however , the little known al - Jazeera TV station based in the small Gulf country of Qatar suddenly emerged to broadcast the progress of the Afghan war in Arabic language and mobilized its 27 reporting stations all over the world to conduct an around - the - clock follow up coverage .
When the Taliban regime announced that reporters from all countries were banned from entering the territory of Afghanistan , al - Jazeera TV station was the only one that could enter the Taliban - controlled area .
Taking such an advantage , al - Jazeera TV station started to establish its unique leading position in covering the Afghan war with its frequent live broadcast of missile attacks on the Afghan capital of Kabul .
During the war , al - Jazeera TV station continued to broadcast exclusive news and images under its logo and sell them to competitors at the high price of 20,000 US dollars per minute .
While the US military searched everywhere for information on bin Laden in vain , al - Jazeera TV station frequently aired the footage of bin Laden making a speech .
Mr. Wu , we know that you happened to be in Qatar when al - Jazeera TV station was just established in 1996 .
Right .
In addition , you were said to have attended the inaugural broadcast ceremony .
What did al - Jazeera TV station look like when it just started broadcasting ?
What kind of news broadcast style was featured at that time ?
Er , they held an inaugural broadcast ceremony at the end of November 1996 at that time .
We reporters in Qatar were also invited to attend this inaugural broadcast ceremony .
Uh-huh .
There were n't many people at the time .
Uh-huh .
But at the time of its establishment , this , er , al - Jazeera TV station already had a very good foundation in terms of reporters .
Uh-huh .
Why ?
In 1995 , um , the British BBC 's Arabic Language TV Station was shut down due to funding problems .
Uh-huh .
So , al - Jazeera TV station seized this opportunity to get hold of , this entire group of people by hiring them , er , as their reporters , editors , or anchors at high salaries .
Uh-huh .
So , they had a relatively good team of reporters .
Uh-huh .
Well , this way , later it followed that , er , er , , , er , six - Chinese - character principle of news reporting called , er , independence , neutrality , ah , neutrality , balance , and freedom .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So , what it reported was in a completely different style from that of some other Arab TV stations .
Right .
In this respect , that is , let me add one point , that is , this al - Jazeera TV station , ah , its style is very much characterized by direct borrowing from the West , for instance , the two mainstream media outlets .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Right .
Uh-huh .
One is CNN , and the other is BBC .
Yeah .
Well , I think that BBC , in particular , has quite a big influence on it .
Just now , that is to say , many of its reporters directly came from the Middle East channel at that time .
Uh-huh .
That was jointly run by BBC and Saudi Arabia .
So it had a very good foundation .
In addition , that is , actually , this al - Jazeera TV station has a quite unique structure .
That 's because the emir of this country is called Hamad .
He studied in Britain and therefore had quite a good knowledge of Britain 's BBC TV station .
He also quite admired it .
So , in this way , it has borrowed some of the BBC style .
For instance , Britain 's BBC is a very old TV group established in 1927 .
Uh-huh .
Though it is funded by the government with many of its properties owned by the government , it still follows the guideline of editorial independence .
Uh-huh .
For instance , the top decision - making body of BBC is called the board of directors which are composed of twelve members directly appointed by the Queen .
Uh-huh .
So al - Jazeera TV station has also adopted this structure .
It has a top seven - member board of directors .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
However , even if its property , ah , and funds can come from the government , it still relatively has its editorial independence .
Eh , but in essence , Mr. Wu , is it really a private TV station or a government - run TV station ?
Er , they themselves claim that it is a private TV station , but in reality it could not have been established without a large amount of financial support given by the government .
That 's because it , eh , has an extremely small number of ads during its around the clock , ah , TV broadcast .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , in addition , it has such a large team , especially with high , high , er , wages , and reporters based abroad , so many reporters abroad .
If the government had not supported such expenditures , eh , it would be impossible for a private TV station to survive .
According to your knowledge , how much is its yearly expenditure ?
It was said that the yearly expenditures seem to be about 7 billion US dollars .
About 7 billion US dollars , that is equivalent to more than 50 billion RMB .
We should say this is a very huge financial expenditure .
Uh-huh .
Extremely large .
Yeah .
Therefore , some people call it gaining voice but losing money because it has relatively small revenues due to few ads .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
But it has a tremendous influence .
Right .
So , it appears that it is still not bad in gaining voice as it does achieve some effect .
Yeah .
Ha .
Well , speaking of its influence , we have also noticed that er , during the Afghan war , er , because it has the exclusive interview right to enter Afghanistan to conduct independent and exclusive interviews , we could say this is one of its advantages .
Uh-huh .
It also presented an opportunity to it as well .
Well , to the development of a TV station , both opportunity and real strength are actually very important .
Well , as al - Jazeera TV station has been able to develop into its current status , what do you think has it relied upon so that its competitiveness and influential power , even surpassed CNN and BBC during the Iraq war ?
The greatest feature of al - Jazeera TV station is that it is a small station that competes with large ones and has become well - known through wars .
That is , the reason why it can establish itself is that it first relied on the Afghan war , and then the Iraq war after the 9 / 11 .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So , it made full use of these two opportunities .
In addition , as the Iraq war occurred right in an Arab country , everyone is very much concerned with what is going on in the war .
So , this provides it with a large viewership , making it instantly famous .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Besides , it has a lot of resources , including its exclusive coverage right in Afghanistan as you mentioned just now .
Uh-huh , uh-huh .
In addition , al - Jazeera TV station is actually quite unique in the Arab region .
For instance , a very tough conflict in this region is the conflict between Palestine and Israel .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , in general , Arabs will not invite the Israeli leader to make a speech on their TV .
However , for al - Jazeera TV station , it could invite Barak , the Israeli prime minister at that time , to deliver a speech at al - Jazeera TV station .
This was unprecedented in the Arab world .
Right .
Uh-huh .
Well , this also gave it a very unique perspective .
Uh-huh .
So , the reason why it is successful , to put it simply , I think , is that it mainly relies on its own very professional news team .
It has a very talented team , eh .
Yeah .
In addition , it also looks at major events as they happen from the unique perspective of the Arab region or Arab world .
Uh-huh .
I think that favorable opportunities and geographical conditions also helped because people involved in the Afghan war and the Taliban were mostly Arabs .
Uh-huh .
They were from Arab countries .
They spoke the Arabic language .
Well , that was the opportunity .
In particular , it was the same with the , Iraq war , which took place in Iraq .
In the , Iraq war , as far as I know , among foreign media teams dispatched to Iraq for coverage , I should say , the one from Qatar 's al - Jazeera TV station was the most powerful .
Uh-huh .
It had three reporting stations at that time , one group in the south in Basra , well , one group in Baghdad , and still another group in the north in Mosul .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So it was basically covering the , um , Iraq war from all perspectives .
So , it surely surpassed some Western media in covering the Iraq war in certain areas .
Uh-huh .
We could say it owed its success to good opportunities , which it seized ;
Yes .
favorable geographical conditions ; that is to say , it happens to be located geographically in the Arab world ;
Yeah .
and also harmonious human conditions ; that is to say , it has its own very rounded and talented team .
Er , that is why it is highly influential and competitive .
However , as it is becoming more and more influential and competitive , it has also become a thorn in the US side .
Well , today we should say we have just given an introduction of al - Jazeera TV station .
Well , next let 's learn about more .
What conflicts are there between al - Jazeera TV station and the US ?
Why has it become a thorn in the US side ?
Since it gained instant fame during the Afghan war , the style of al - Jazeera TV station in pursuit of the freedom of the press and independence has gradually won widespread international attention .
However , at the same time , the conflict between al - Jazeera TV station and the US has been increasing .
According to reports , Bush , Rumsfeld , and Powell repeatedly expressed their strong displeasure with al - Jazeera TV station directly to the Qatari leaders , demanding its government to restrain it more firmly .
The US government thinks that radicals , anti-American and religious commentators have become frequent guests at al - Jazeera TV station .
In particular , bin Laden has chosen it as his exclusive information release agency , endowing it with a unique advantage .
All these made the US hate and fear al - Jazeera TV station at the same time .
Officials of the Bush administration called it Osama 's TV station on different occasions because bin Laden 's full name is Osama bin Laden .
During the Iraq war , al - Jazeera TV station not only broadcast Bush 's and Blair 's impassioned pre-war speeches and the image of coalition troops marching toward Iraq , but also broadcast the bloody bodies of civilians next to bombed cars .
The video camera scanned over the corpses of coalition troops killed by the Iraqi military , and over that little tearful boy with bandages around his head , crying .
If you see the war on the US TV as an electronic game and grand display of smoke and fire , then from the footage by al - Jazeera TV station , you see the war only as hell .
Do you still remember , ah , during the Afghan war and the Iraq war , we could often see on screen the al - Jazeera footage such as bin Laden and some other al - Qaeda leaders giving speeches .
Ah , moreover , the footage that many other TV stations were using also basically came from al - Jazeera TV station .
Therefore , at that time Americans , said that since al - Jazeera TV station broadcast these activities of terrorists , it must be colluding with terrorists .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So , it was always thought that there seemed to be some subtle relationship between al - Jazeera TV station and al - Qaeda .
Taciturn agreement .
Taciturn agreement .
Yeah .
Taciturn agreement .
Right , Mr. Wu , how do you look at this issue ?
This may have something to do with the good opportunities and favorable geographical conditions mentioned earlier .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Since , er , the Taliban people were all Arabs , they tried by various means to gain the information so as to expand their own influence .
This has been the consistent practice of al - Jazeera station .
Uh-huh .
Well , the same goes with the Iraq war .
They , eh , also speak Arabic , right ?
Another Arabic nationality .
Uh-huh .
What they reported , eh , was very much welcomed and favored by Arab viewers .
Uh-huh .
That 's because what they have reported can not be found in the Western media reports .
That 's why their fame grows .
That is to say , it indeed inspires a kind of patriotic or nationalistic sentiments among Arab countries .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
I think , this point is very important .
In other words , it also benefits from the hard work of al - Jazeera TV station .
That is , it is from the perspective of Arabs that it looks at the war or also looks at major events .
So , when it makes a report , its perspective , analysis , and its possible outcome or some process of its analysis are different from those of reports by the Western mainstream media such as CNN and BBC .
Well , it is exactly because of this , even if al - Jazeera TV station may not be necessarily linked with any other organizations , simply because it reports the war using a different voice , it has become the target of attacks by the US or the West .
Right .
Well , regarding this incident , what kind of reaction did al - Jazeera TV station have ?
We do n't have much information right now .
But when our correspondents went to have an interview at the al - Jazeera TV station 's Beijing office today , they asked their office administrator named Ezzat , ah , the question why the US threatened to bomb al - Jazeera TV station ?
He is also a China expert and speaks excellent Chinese .
Let 's hear what he said .
-- In the Middle East region , in particular , currently , , some US officials , for instance , many Democrat officials , they admitted that the US policies on Iraq and the Middle East , eh , region have many mistakes .
Er , this point must be acknowledged .
However , up till now , er , the Bush administration , they did not want to assume responsibility for what they have done there .
So , it wanted to blame its mistakes in this region on al - Jazeera TV station .
Second , it is because some things are in conflict with its interests .
However , when I report , I do n't report for the sake of making somebody happy or not making somebody unhappy .
This is not my principle , nor is my job .
Some of the footage we broadcast did not conform to its interests .
So it started to put this restrictive measure in retaliation .
So , the issue is not that al - Jazeera TV station is making anti-American reports .
In addition , the US government is carrying out some measures and work against these people in the Middle East region and against the world peace .
As you know , we were , eh , reporting the war in Fallujah .
Our reporter also , eh , almost had an accident there as several shots were purposely , er , fired at him .
Then , in the end , er , Secretary Rumsfeld also directly blamed al - Jazeera TV station .
Er , , er , most of what the reporter said , er , was groundless .
In the end , later , did we say anything later ?
We stopped talking .
We then showed viewers facts and let the images speak by themselves .
We did not do anything at that time .
Our reporters were forced not to make any commentaries or any reports .
We simply showed people the footage about Fallujah .
Well , the facts may not conform to the interests of Mr. Bush .
Uh-huh , uh-huh .
In fact he mentioned a very important point of view here .
Ah ,
Uh-huh .
That is to say , this al - Jazeera TV station , due to its unique perspective , is different from what is expected of it .
At al - Jazeera TV station , there is , one famous saying , that is , if the whole world listens to CNN , or the whole world watches CNN , then whom does CNN watch or listen to ?
That is also an issue of the right of speech .
Well , in fact , the US has long been suppressing al - Jazeera TV station .
For instance , the al Jazeera TV station 's office in Afghanistan was bombed in 2001 .
Yeah .
Uh-huh .
Well , in 2003 , the al - Jazeera TV station 's office in Baghdad was also bombed .
On April 8 , its reporting station in Baghdad was bombed , and one reporter was killed .
Yeah .
Right .
In addition , currently one of its reporters is still detained by the US at the Guantanamo military base .
Right .
Eh , it was said that a Sudanese correspondent from al - Jazeera TV station , er , was arrested in Afghanistan and has been detained ever since at this , er , US military base at Guantanamo .
Right .
Yeah .
We could say that the US has been suppressing al - Jazeera TV station for quite a long time .
Yeah .
Well , through what Ezzat said himself , he also thought he was innocent .
Uh-huh .
He basically also blamed it on the US .
Well , will al - Jazeera TV station really sue US President Bush ?
Will US President Bush have any occasion or opportunity to have this matter clarified ?
Would you please analyze how this incident will develop next .
I think that right now , it has actually entered into a certain judicial procedure in some sense .
Uh-huh .
That is to say , the British judicial authority has already brought charges against these two officials , er , suspected of disclosing secret documents .
Uh-huh .
Well , now we have seen that the director of al - Jazeera TV station has also flown to London to demand an explanation from Blair .
Uh-huh .
To bring up a lawsuit .
Right ?
That is , I think that right now it is more likely to stay for a while as a topic of public commentaries .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
It will stay as a topic of public commentaries , because if the US indeed had such a plan , then , the freedom of speech it advocates will be again greatly discounted .
Uh-huh .
We know that the US , like the West , they made a lot of efforts in controlling the right of speech in the international mainstream media .
This reminds me of the year 1999 .
During the Kosovo war , the US blew up the radio station of , the former Yugoslavia .
Uh-huh .
It indeed blew up this radio station of Yugoslavia .
Right .
Then , later , the Westerners themselves , including the US , admitted that the reason why it won the Kosovo war was to a large extent that they won the other party in public opinion .
Uh-huh .
It seems that this incident will again lead to a public opinion war .
Uh-huh .
After this incident was exposed , ah , al - Jazeera , TV station issued a statement last week .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
The main idea of the statement was , eh , that al - Jazeera TV station has always followed the principle of impartiality , neutrality , and balance in news coverage .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
For that purpose , it is now seriously investigating the news about the US plan to bomb the al - Jazeera headquarters in reported by , ah , the British newspaper , and it hopes that the British government can explain this .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Right , it seems that this incident , as it develops , will have a lot of things worthy of our attention .
However , as we are running out of time today , let 's end our discussion here .
Thank you two very much for participating in our program .
Thanks !
Uh-huh .
All right , dear viewers , that 's all for today 's edition of Focus Today .
Thank you for watching .
Good-bye .
Good evening , dear viewers .
Tomorrow there will be two significant weather changes in China .
The scope of precipitation in the South will significantly increase .
So it will further spread to Hubei and Hunan .
In spite of being overcast and frigid , rainfall will also bring cleaner air to the area south of the Yangtze River plagued with smog .
In the meantime , another significant change will occur in the most part of Eastern China .
Affected by cold air , it will be generally windy here with temperature drops .
From tonight through tomorrow , temperatures will significantly drop 4 to 8 degrees in places from northeast China , North China to the Huang - Huai and the Jiang - Huai regions .
At the same time , the effect of this cold wave will be coming to an end .
However , the day after tomorrow , that is , this Friday , a stronger cold current will enter Xinjiang in our country .
In addition , in the following days , it will bring a new round of temperature drops in the most part of the country .
All right , next let 's take a look at the city weather forecasts .
Beijing , cloudy changing to sunny , to 6 degrees .
Harbin , sunny , 14 degrees below zero to 6 degrees below zero .
Changchun , light snow changing to cloudy , 11 degrees below zero to 5 degrees below zero .
Xi'an , mostly cloudy changing to overcast , to 9 degrees .
Shijiazhuang , sunny , 1 to 10 degrees .
Nanjing , mostly cloudy changing to overcast , 6 to 13 degrees .
Taipei , cloudy , 18 to 24 degrees .
Guangzhou , sunny , 17 to 26 degrees .
Dalian , overcast changing to mostly cloudy , to 4 degrees .
Changzhou , sunny changing to cloudy , 5 to 13 degrees .
Luoyang , sunny changing to cloudy , 3 to 11 degrees .
Bangkok , cloudy , 25 to 32 degrees .
New Delhi , sunny , 10 to 24 degree .
Seoul , sunny , 2 to 10 degrees .
Tokyo , sunny , 7 to 14 degrees .
London , overcast , 5 to 9 degrees .
Moscow , overcast changing to moderate snow , 2 degrees below zero to 1 degree .
Paris , cloudy , 1 degree below zero to 4 degrees .
Vienna , cloudy , 1 degree below zero to 2 degrees .
New York , cloudy , 5 to 13 degrees .
Seattle , sleet changing to medium snow , to 3 degrees .
Washington , overcast , 8 to
What kind of memory ?
We respectfully invite you to watch a special edition of Across China .
WW II Landmarks on the Great Earth of China : Eternal Memories of Taihang Mountain
Standing tall on Taihang Mountain is the Monument to the Hundred Regiments Offensive .
It is composed of a primary stele , secondary steles , a huge round sculpture and beacon tower , and the Great Wall , among other things .
A primary stele , three secondary steles , and two inscribed steles .
The Hundred Regiments Offensive was the campaign of the largest scale launched by the Eighth Route Army during the War of Resistance against Japan .
This campaign broke through the Japanese army 's blockade to reach base areas behind enemy lines , stirring up anti-Japanese spirit throughout the nation and influencing the situation of the anti-fascist war of the people worldwide .
This is Zhuanbi Village , Wuxiang County of Shanxi Province , where the Eighth Route Army was headquartered back then .
On a wall outside the headquarters we found a map .
This map was the Eighth Route Army 's depiction of the Mediterranean Sea situation at that time .
This map reflected the European battlefield situation .
In 1940 , the German army invaded and occupied Czechoslovakia , Poland , the Netherlands , Belgium , and France .
It was during this year that the Japanese army developed a strategy to rapidly force the Chinese people into submission by the end of 1940 .
In May , the Japanese army launched --
From one side , it seized an important city in China called Yichang .
Um , , uh , through Yichang , it could directly reach Chongqing .
Ah , that threatened Chongqing .
Then they would , ah , bomb these large rear areas such as Chongqing .
So , along with the coordinated , er , economic blockade , military offensives , and strategic bombings , er , a simultaneous attack was launched in Hong Kong to lure the KMT government into surrender .
The progress of this coordinated offensive was already very entrenched by then .
By 1940 , China 's War of Resistance against Japan had entered a stalemate .
The situation on our side and the enemy 's side was intertwined .
The Eighth Route Army guerrillas were extraordinarily active , creating more and more trouble for the Japanese army in North China .
Hayao Tada , commander of the Japanese North China Area Army , adopted a strategy of siege warfare to deal with the Eighth Route Army .
The specific method was building a closely connected transport network , with a road for every village and defensive towers on every road .
Roads and railways were used as links to connect all of North China into a solid , widespread siege , in order to strangle the Eighth Route Army and its base areas in this net .
As part of the Japanese army 's strategy of siege warfare , railways and roads had actually become the Japanese army 's weapons of war , becoming a great threat to the base areas .
In December 1939 , Commander - in - chief Zhu De and Vice Commander Peng Dehuai of the Eighth Route Army received a top - secret telegram from Commander Lu Zhengcao of the Jizhong Military District , among other people .
The telegram said that the Japanese troops were building blockade trenches and chessboard - like roads to divide the Jizhong base area into small isolated blocks without the ability to mutually communicate and support each other , causing the Eighth Route Army and the guerrillas to lose maneuverability .
Before the Hundred Regiments Offensive in 1940 , an inclination to compromise , ah , surrender , was an extremely serious crisis in the frontline situation in China .
Well , on the battlefield behind enemy lines , in order to take over , consolidate the area under its occupation , Japan began a new strategy .
That was to use railways as a pillar , roads as a chain , and strongholds as a lock , to carry out siege warfare in an attempt to divide the base areas behind enemy lines , ah , so as , er , to cut off their communication with one another .
In addition , it relied on this cage , ah , to further strengthen its assaults against the base areas .
Er .
So , it was amidst such a grave international and domestic situation that the Eighth Route Army led by the Chinese Communist Party , ah , launched , ah , a strategic offensive called the Hundred Regiments Offensive .
This plot of the Japanese army drew great attention from Zhu De and Peng Dehuai of Eighth Route Army headquarters .
After meticulous studies and painstaking preparations by many parties , a battle plan based on surprise was formulated .
On July 22 , 1940 , a campaign preparation order to attack the Zhengtai Railway , jointly signed by Zhu De , Peng Dehuai , and Zuo Quan , was sent to Yan'an and all units of the Eighth Route Army .
What was the , purpose and goal of this campaign ?
It was to break through the Japanese army 's siege policy against base areas behind enemy lines , and to avert the crisis of China 's compromise and surrender .
It was to overcome this crisis .
Well , the Hundred Regiments Offensive was divided into three phases .
Beginning from August 20 , from August 20 to September 10 , the main purpose of the campaign was to sabotage the Zhengtai Railway .
The Zhengtai Railway started from Zhengding , Hebei in the east and ended in Taiyuan in the west , with a total length of 243 kilometers traversing the Taihang Mountain range .
During the War of Resistance against Japan , the Zhengtai Railway was a key strategic transportation line for the Japanese army in North China .
It was also one of the major blockade lines for causing destruction to anti-Japanese base areas .
Along this railway line was the Niangziguan Pass , a natural barrier , and the Jingjing coalmine , a key fuel base in Yangquan for the Japanese military in North China .
Outside of Taiyuan and Shijiazhuang , the Japanese military deployed the 4th , 8th , and 93rd mixed brigades and regiments , which were scattered among 50 strongholds along the railway line .
The situation was getting worse and worse for the Eighth Route Army and the anti-Japanese areas behind enemy lines .
Actions had to be taken to break through the blockade .
On a night in late July 1940 , the atmosphere in Zhuanbi Village in Shaanxi was unusual .
Villager Xiao Jianghe has a vivid memory of this piece of history .
On that dark night , everyone was sleeping when human voices and neighing horses were heard within the village .
People all got up .
Did something happen ?
Some folks got up .
Opening the street gate , they saw a soldier standing by the gate .
Folks , go back , go back , nothing is wrong .
Our troops are just going to stay here for the night .
Do n't say you are scared .
Our commander is coming .
I am telling you to go back to sleep peacefully .
Ah , so we went back to sleep .
Ah , why should you come out if you were told not to ?
By the time we got up early the following morning , the sports ground in Zhuanbi Village was packed with soldiers who had stationed there .
Essentially the entire enemy had been destroyed .
It was an arduous battle .
At 10:00 p.m. on August 20 , 1940 , various units of the Eighth Route Army launched a full - scale offensive according to the general plan .
The head of the County People 's Armed Forces Commission was named Zhao Yemin .
Zhao Yemin came , ah , bringing a group of armed personnel and some things .
Upon arriving , he relayed an order , saying the road from Yangquan to Hedi must be cut off tonight , with the electrical wires slashed .
He himself would bring , this group of people to blow up that Wudu bridge .
Led by Nie Rongzhen , the Shanxi - Chahar - Hebei Military District was ready for an offensive , while at the same time , fifteen regiments laid an ambush in advance along the Zhengtai Railway , launching fierce attacks on Japanese military strongholds along the railway line .
It was also during the night of August 20 that the 129th Division directed by Division Commander Liu Bocheng and Political Commissar Deng Xiaoping , with eight regiments , including two regiments of the 1st Dare - to - Die Corps and eight independent battalions , formed left - flank and right - flank commandos and a central contingent .
On the night of August 20 , offensives were launched against most of the Japanese independent 4th mixed brigade and part of the independent 9th mixed brigade along the western section of the Zhengtai Railway .
Additionally , two regiments , together with local armed forces in places such as Pingding , Liaoxian , and Yushe , carried out sabotage on the Pingliao and Yuliao roads and pinned down the enemy at various points , ensuring safety of the main forces on the sides and rear .
Current estimates are that this section was taken care of in less than four hours , three hours .
After this was taken care of , four blockhouses were blown up .
By digging tunnels , they charged out the center .
Only then did they , wipe out the enemy .
More than two hundred enemy soldiers were eliminated in a single blow .
It was still during this night that the 120th Division , directed by Division Commander He Long and Political Commissar Guan Xiangying , with 20 regiments , sabotaged the northern section of the Tongpu Railway and some main roads west of the railway .
It also took over strongholds at Yangfangkou , Kangjiahui , and Fengrui Village , cutting off the northern section of the Tongpu railway and the roads from Xinxian to Jingle and Fenyang .
In order to coordinate with breakthrough battles at the Zhengtai Railway and the northern section of the Tongpu Railway , the 129th Division and the Shanxi - Chahar - Hebei Military District also ordered their units to deploy more than 50 regiments Yang to Lishi in cooperation with militias , to launch widespread sabotage and raids on the Pinghan , Pingsui , Beining , Baijin , Jinpu , and Deshi railway lines , among others , as well as some main roads and many strongholds occupied by the Japanese army .
On the afternoon of August 22 , Peng Dehuai was listening to the combat operation director report on battle developments at Eighth Route Army operational headquarters .
When asked about the actual combat strength of the Eighth Route Army , the combat operation director reported : There are 30 regiments along the Zhengtai Line , 15 regiments along the Lugou Bridge - Handan section of the Pinghan line , 12 regiments along the Datong - Hongdong section in Tonghu County , and four regiments along the Tianjin - Dezhou section of the Jinpu Line , with a total of 105 regiments entering the campaign .
With a wave of his hand , Peng Dehuai said that despite being over 100 regiments , let 's call this campaign the Hundred Regiments Offensive .
That afternoon , Peng Dehuai first used the name Hundred Regiments Offensive in telegrams sent to various military corps and the Central Military Commission .
A total of 105 regiments participated in the Hundred Regiments Offensive .
Well , it was a force of more than 200,000 soldiers .
In addition to that , er , no less than 400,000 militiamen , guerrillas , and civilians , er , voluntarily participated in the offensive .
So , there were probably 600,000 - plus soldiers and civilians .
The Hundred Regiments Offensive dealt a devastating blow to the enemy at Shi'nao Mountain .
Our troops were strong , troops were strong .
Er , and those in charge of logistics and support were able to follow in time .
Er , , er , the anti-Japanese vanguard team was composed of all young people in their 20s ; all young people , all in their , 20s .
This is Shi'nao Mountain , situated in Yangquan , Shanxi , a strategic passage of the Zhengtai Railway back then .
On August 21 , 1940 , in order to pin down Japanese troops stationed in Yangquan and to cover for militiamen sabotaging the western section of the Zhengtai Railway , the 129th Division of the Eighth Route Army ordered the main regiment of its 385th Brigade , the 14th Regiment led by Brigade Commander Chen Xilian , to head directly for Shi'nao Mountain to seize the high ground .
Like a sharp sword , civilians in the western section broke through the strategic passage .
Frustrated and angry , the Japanese army immediately deployed a large number of troops in an attempt to retake Shi'nao Mountain .
To the enemy 's complete surprise , desolate Shi'nao Mountain had been turned into a strong combat fortress by our troops in less than a night .
Like a lion with its mouth wide open , towering and rugged Shi'nao Mountain was constantly waiting for any invaders who dared come close .
The night before , we destroyed the roads and cut off all electrical and railway lines , making it impossible for it to communicate .
It did not know how many of us went to destroy the roads , whether it was the Eighth Route Army or not , the regulars , or others .
It did not know , right ?
After all , its telephones had stopped working .
Yeah , the roads had been cut off , with its vehicles unable to drive back and forth .
The following seven days and nights were extremely tough .
Starting from the 23rd , the Japanese army in Yangquan , backed by helicopters , launched nonstop fierce attacks on Shi'nao Mountain using chemical weapons .
During the Shi'nao Mountain battle , our soldiers died in large numbers .
So many died that the clean - up was done in batches .
In addition , many people were poisoned when toxic gas was released .
They were poisoned and did not know how to protect themselves against the poison .
They simply crawled on the ground and wetted handkerchiefs in the rain to cover their noses against the poison .
Eh , medics were quite busy .
Several days of autumn rain turned the combat trenches extremely muddy .
The Eighth Route Army officers and soldiers soaking in the muddy water fought their powerful enemy with utmost effort .
With bombs exploding next to the trenches , they showed no fear at all .
When their blood turned the yellow soil red , they applied iodine solution to their wounds and closed them with bandages .
They wrapped them with bandages , and that was it .
Under the powerful offensive of the Eighth Route Army , the enemy was only able to defend itself , without any strength to fight back .
The battle proceeded very smoothly , with the initiative steadily in the grasp of the Eighth Route Army .
Since the strategic objective of the Hundred Regiments Offensive was to smash the enemy 's blockade of bases , it was of critical importance to destroy the roads and remove strongholds .
The various units of the Eighth Route Army taking part in the battle wasted no time destroying the roads .
They proposed not to leave behind a single rail , a single cross tie , a single railway station , a single blockhouse , a single bridge , or a single electricity pole .
They mobilized and organized the masses and won over the railway staff , making great effort to destroy the railroad , the stations , and related facilities by means including dismantlement , explosion , fire , and water .
I was in charge of this , er , and --
Er , er , due to this --
To cut off the electricity , er , considered a deputy commander - in - chief responsible for these electricity lines .
, I was responsible for this project , ah .
The militiamen were divided into two groups .
One was responsible only for cutting electrical wires , and the other for destroying roads .
We people , ah , were under his command for the time being .
We all took part in destroying roads .
From the Zhengtai road , from , um , Zhengding to , um , Shijiazhuang , to Taiyuan , more than 400,000 civilians participated in destroying roads .
Most important at that time along the Zhengtai road was mainly to destroy the Jinxi coal mine .
Soldiers used hay cutters to sever the wire net , charging into the station and destroying the machine room and water tower , and then started to destroy the road .
Of the three to four thousand civilians participating in the battle , one soldier was added to every squad of 16 people formed .
While destroying roads , there was clear - cut division of labor .
Some took off screws ; some uprooted rail spikes ; some knocked off joint bars ; some removed cross ties ; some carried away rails .
For cutting electrical wires , the militiamen in the village were waiting for the troops to come ,
Ah ,
Over there , a builder of the surrounding walls sabotaged transportation by pushing over his surrounding walls .
It was built during the day , and at night , overnight militiamen shoveled it over .
The task of the 72nd Regiment was , er , this destruction battle .
This destruction battle went on for a day and a night .
Each day the general situation was different .
-LSB- -LSB- They attacked small bridges and small districts , and generally looted these stations . -RSB- -RSB-
They carried away the iron , the iron rails of the railway , er to make steel .
Er , for wood materials , local folks simply destroyed them by fire .
In this way , they fought the battle while at the same time destroying roads , stripping the entire 60 - li - long railway from Xingtai to Neiqiu within just a few days .
In this way , a blockade line of steel regarded as a lifeline by the Japanese army was paralyzed .
It was a very tough battle .
The enemy attacked several times , and each time they were repelled .
There were extremely heavy casualties .
Overseas Japanese in Yangquan City were all mobilized to participate in the battle , including children of 15 to 16 years of age .
They wanted to have , overseas compatriots get together so that they could support one another in wiping out the Eighth Route Army and foiling our movement to destroy roads .
The Hundred Regiments Offensive lasted three and a half months and involved two major offensive phrases and one anti-sweep phase .
During the first phase from August 20 to September 10 , 1940 , a general offensive was launched on major transportation lines such as the Zhengtai , Tongpu , Pinghai , and Jinfu lines with an emphasis on destroying the Zhengtai Railway .
During the second phase from September 22 to early October , the mission was to continue expanding battle achievements , to destroy the flanks of transportation lines , and to penetrate puppet strongholds in anti-Japanese bases .
During the third phrase from October 6 to December 4 , the main task was to counterattack a retaliatory sweep by the Japanese army and puppet army .
The Eighth Route Army smashed successive large - scale sweep operations launched by the Japanese army and puppet army against anti-Japanese bases in Taihang , Taiyue , Pingxi , Beiyue , and northwest areas of Shanxi , among others .
To those who have never experienced wars , wars are vivid stories .
To those who have experienced wars , war is the course of life , part of life .
There are ,
At that time , the Hundred Regiments Offensive greatly encouraged the vast numbers of soldiers and civilians , with news of fighting spreading rapidly throughout the Taihang Mountain area .
Few of the veterans who participated in the Hundred Regiments Offensive are still alive .
When they speak of the Hundred Regiments Offensive , they are always so excited .
Everyone has their own memory , has the Hundred Regiments Offensive as their own memory .
; er , I got five bullets .
I carried these five bullets with me in my pocket .
I took them out for a look every day .
Hey , this was my life .
Hey , this was my life .
I could not lose them .
The squad leader said , at the time when you are given a rifle , you need to shoot .
I will watch .
If you fail to shoot the enemy , I will punish you when you come back .
Do you know lice ?
They bite .
How do you scald them ?
Hey ,
Well , you boil some water and get something like gunpowder .
Then you loosen your pants and sprinkle it .
Clench it like this .
Then , you shake it , and you hear a cracking sound on the ground ; hey , scalded lice .
A washbasin was also very precious .
How was the washbasin used ?
You used the washbasin to wash your feet , used the washbasin to hold your meal , used the washbasin to wash your face , and sometimes used the same washbasin to boil water .
So , this washbasin was a precious washbasin .
This photo taken back then by Eighth Route Army field correspondent Xu Xiaobing is a snapshot of Peng Dehuai directing the campaign at the frontline of the Hundred Regiments Offensive .
Just as Mao Zedong once praised : Who dares wield his sword and make his horse rear ?
Only our great General Peng .
Correspondent Xu Xiaobing , covering frontline news at the time , snapped the shutter while artillery fire roared overhead .
More than 60 years later , Xu Xiaobing still vividly remembers the scene at that time .
Dehuai was sitting in this trench directing the campaign .
Oh .
Bullets and artillery fire whistled past his head .
During the three and a half months from August 20 to December 5 , 1940 , the Eighth Route Army fought a total of 1,824 battles large and small .
A total of 46,480 Japanese soldiers and puppet soldiers were killed , wounded , or captured , or defected .
Four hundred seventy - four kilometers of railroad and 1,502 kilometers of highway were destroyed .
In addition , large quantities of other military supplies were seized or destroyed .
After the Eighth Route Army launched the Hundred Regiments Offensive , newspapers from areas behind enemy lines in North China to the large rear area continuously carried news of victories .
Telegrams and letters of congratulation arrived in Yan'an from all directions .
Mao Zedong was deeply moved .
This leader with a strong poetic temperament expressed his joy in this kind of telegram .
The Hundred Regiments Offensive caused great excitement .
Can such kind of campaign be organized once or twice more ?
In a congratulatory telegram to Zhu De and Peng Dehuai , Chiang Kai - Shek praised the Eighth Route Army 's resolute attacks for dealing a heavy blow to the enemy .
By pinning down large numbers of Japanese soldiers on battlefields behind enemy lines in North China , the Hundred Regiments Offensive delayed the Japanese army 's aggression southward .
In addition , the Hundred Regiments Offensive was a response to the European battlefield , while enhancing the international reputation of the CPC and the Eighth Route Army .
The Hundred Regiments Offensive wrote a glorious page in the history of China 's War of Resistance against Japan .
On June 30 , 1987 , the Monument to the Hundred Regiments Offensive was erected on Shi'nao Mountain in Yangquan , Shanxi , where the heroes had fought the battle .
In 1993 , six villagers in Honghecao Village set up the Hundred Regiments Offensive Museum at the place of Nie Rongzhen 's operational command .
Old Li Jingtang still tells visitors old war stories circulating in the Taihong Mountain area .
More than 60 years have passed since the Hundred Regiments Offensive took place .
Taihang Mountain will forever remember that great battle during the Chinese people 's War of Resistance against Japan .
During World War II , the two hundred thousand strong Chinese Expeditionary Force went abroad to fight .
The Burma Road was the lifeline artery for China 's anti-Japanese battlefields .
The Tengchong Battle , an annihilation of the Japanese army , became a typical example for the China war area .
We respectfully invite you to watch a bloody battle fought side - by - side by China , the US , and Britain 60 years ago in a joint effort to repel Japanese invaders .
Hello , everyone .
This is Across the Strait on CCTV International Channel .
We welcome you to watch .
First , let 's check out the main contents of today 's program .
On August 17 , Taiwan 's investigation department and police held a press conference announcing the closing of the March 19 shooting case .
Since the suspect identified by Taiwan police mysteriously died after the March 19 shooting incident , the case was not prosecuted .
However , people from various circles in Taiwan think there are many suspicious points in this case .
On August 17 , the Taiwan military held the Lianhsing 94 amphibious landing exercise , testing and enhancing the army 's response capabilities and its combat ability in repelling an enemy 's amphibious landing .
Taiwan 's investigation department and police announced the closing of the March 19 shooting case .
Well , why did Taiwan 's investigation department say this was the closing of the case instead of the actual truth about the shooting case ?
Scholars will give you a detailed analysis on this edition of Hot Topic Analysis .
On August 17 , Taiwan 's investigation department and police solved the case and announced the March 19 shooting case was closed .
This case will not be prosecuted .
Hello , dear viewers .
Welcome to Focus Today .
After repeatedly postponing his trip to Japan , Russian President Putin finally arrived at Japan 's Haneda Airport on November 20 , beginning a three - day visit to Japan .
It can be said that the four northern islands issue is always an obstacle that Putin can not sidestep while visiting Japan .
Heading a Russian business delegation of more than one hundred people this time , Putin wants to improve bilateral relations through promoting economic development .
Well , how will the four northern islands issue dead knot be untied ?
And will economic and trade exchange between Russia and Japan be hampered because of this ?
These are all topics we will be focusing on today .
Two experts have been invited to our studio .
Let me briefly introduce , one is Mr. Jin Xide , an expert on Japanese issues from the Academy of Social Sciences .
Hello !
The other one is Mr. Xing Guangcheng , an expert on Russian issues from the Academy of Social Sciences .
Hello !
Welcome to the two experts , for coming to the studio for our interview .
Well , at the beginning of the program , let 's learn about the situation in Japan .
Let 's now connect via telephone with Mr. Wang Xinsheng , an expert on Japanese issues from Beijing University who is currently visiting Japan .
Hello , Professor Wang .
Ah , hello , host !
First , please brief us on what was discussed during today 's talks between the Russian and Japanese leaders .
Was the four northern islands issue touched upon ?
Eh , well , President Putin and Prime Minister Koizumi , ah , the two talked for a total of two and a half hours and signed a total of 12 documents .
It should be said that quite a large number of documents were signed .
However , the general reaction from scholars , media , or ordinary people here , er , is rather low key , because , er , there has been no progress on the two issues that Japan is relatively concerned with , the Northern Territories issue , er , and the oil pipeline route issue .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Regarding the Northern Territories issue , , er , President Putin purposely avoided this issue , that is , he did not really want to talk about it .
Uh-huh .
Well , in fact , it can be said that there has still been no progress on territorial issues .
Uh-huh .
So the two sides abandoned plans for a joint declaration .
Well , on the oil pipeline route issue , though the Russian side promised to connect it with Japan , there was no talk about prioritizing a connection with Japan .
The media here is concerned because Russia already promised to prioritize connecting it with China , er , , so the media here is concerned that it is an empty promise .
In this way , Japan may not get , er , any material benefit , while the Russian side will have gained Japan 's support for its WTO accession .
Er , in addition , at the Business Federation meeting , Russian President Putin urged the Japanese business community to invest in Russia .
However , due to the territorial issues , or little progress on the territorial issues , along with the business community 's concerns with the investment environment in Russia , well , it remains a big question how far economic cooperation can go .
Uh-huh .
Host .
This was the main content of the two leaders ' talks today .
Well , what kind of response did people in Japan have to , well , some of the achievements this trip to Japan has made ?
Er , it is still rather , er , low key .
, that is to say , ah , er , we also saw , er , in Tokyo , some right - wing groups held demonstrations , demanding that Russia , return the four northern islands .
Well , they are also extremely dissatisfied because no progress has been made on this issue .
Well , both the media and citizens have such concerns , that is to say , they are afraid that resolution of territorial issues may take rather .
Host .
Okay , thank you very much , Professor Wang , for briefing us on the relevant information in Japan .
Thank you !
Well , next we will return to the studio to interview the two experts in the studio .
Just now , this Professor Wang talked about Putin 's visit to Japan this time .
Although the two sides signed 12 agreements , it seems that Japan is not very satisfied with the content of the agreements , ah , in terms of the content , because it seems that neither of the two issues that Japan wanted greatly to talk about , the four northern islands issue and the oil pipeline issue , made the achievements they had anticipated .
Well , was this within the expectations of you two experts ?
Right , this is rather consistent with unanimous international public opinion analysis as well as our opinion these days .
Uh-huh .
Well , , this discussion , it was a meeting of the leaders of both sides , which by itself is an achievement .
Uh-huh .
As we know , Putin has kept putting off this visit to Japan since last year , like back then when Yeltsin repeatedly postponed his trip to Japan .
That is to say , Japan asked for too high a price .
That is , it asked the Russian president to come to Japan to make concessions on territorial issues .
Well , , well , the Russian president , was unwilling to make concessions .
Therefore , the itinerary was not decided for a long time .
Well , Russia 's attitude was that it would not talk about territorial issues if it went .
Well , , from the perspective of Japan , without discussion of territorial issues , the talks were viewed as making no progress .
For Japanese citizens , this was meaningless .
Uh-huh .
It only provided Koizumi with a diplomatic stage .
What method does he want to use to remedy the lethargic post-APEC diplomatic situation ?
Well , what Russia actually wants is economic cooperation with Japan ,
Uh-huh .
including the development of oil resources in eastern Siberia , and , um , some other investment and trade .
Well , Japan is still like this , saying first return the territories , then we can talk about economics .
Well , , based on the outcome this time , I think this basic structure remains unchanged .
Uh-huh .
Er , Director Xing , it can be said that this time one of the very important purposes of President Putin 's visit to Japan is to facilitate the progress of bilateral relations through economic development .
But from what our Professor Wang has just introduced , do you think Putin has achieved his aim ?
Eh , he should be said to have achieved his aim .
Uh-huh .
The visit to Japan was in itself one of Putin 's important aims .
Uh-huh .
Because with large preconditions having been set , and now the framework having being set , it is impossible for Putin , that is to say , to make major breakthroughs on the substantive issues of Russian - Japanese relations .
Uh-huh .
Well , as two neighboring nations , ah , relations between them should be developed , development of relations should be further promoted .
There should be exchanges back and forth , which would not work if Putin , refuses to come .
So , well , , how did he come to Japan ?
As mentioned earlier , ah , it had been postponed again and again , but by way of this kind of opportunity , well , Putin 's visit to Japan was smoothly accomplished .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
As to what kind of result you want , that is another matter .
Right .
But making the trip was significant in itself .
What was the significance ?
It was that Russia sent a very important message , that is , Russia is willing to develop relations with Japan .
We sincerely have such a wish .
A wish is the start of achieving results .
We have such a start .
Both leaders saved a bit of face .
Right , right , right , in addition to giving face to each other . Also , on the surface we saw it looked fine , with , 12 documents signed as just mentioned .
They both gave face .
Right .
It is another matter if you care about the size of the documents .
But they were signed .
Uh-huh .
Well , can we interpret it this way ?
Based on the briefing given by you two experts , both Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi and Russian President Putin , they both achieved their own aims in form and , er , obtained what they wanted through this visit .
On this point , their two fates are connected .
Uh-huh .
That is to say , both sides have strong nationalist sentiments domestically and powerful parliaments .
Well , I think at this point it would be ludicrous for Putin to concede on the territorial issues .
Uh-huh .
Well , as you should know , it is entirely , impossible behavior .
Right .
Well , it seems it may also be very difficult for Koizumi now , that is to say , on the territorial issues , to return to what is called , er , economics first , territories second , or , the separation of politics and economics , or two islands first , then two islands later .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , recently , that is , , new Foreign Minister Aso proposed a theory of joint development , that is , to postpone -LSB- -LSB- the issue of sovereignty of the northern -RSB- -RSB- and to jointly develop the , , four islands .
Well , in fact the theory of joint development was originally proposed by Russia .
Well , in the past , for instance , in 1996 , Primakov also proposed it when he was foreign minister .
It had been raised prior to that too , but Japan did not accept it at that time .
Well , why did Taro Aso recently again propose , er , such a suggestion ?
Well , I checked some data , ah .
Japan 's recent reaction is not Japan 's mainstream domestic opinion .
Uh-huh .
Well , domestic political circles in Japan all opposed this suggestion by Taro Aso .
Uh-huh .
They said that with joint development , Russia would advocate adopting the current Russian controlled situation , the current situation , and applying Russian law .
Well , by making investments there , in fact , well , it would be equivalent to permanent recognition that the four islands are Russia 's .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So this theory of joint development will not be able to make progress either .
So under the current situation , the meeting of the two leaders itself was the greatest achievement this time .
The rest did not have any substantive significance .
Right .
Uh-huh .
I 'd like to add a few words .
Regarding the joint development he talked about , Russia is also very interesting .
, the Japanese proposed it , now Russia instead rejected it .
It rejected it , its government stated very clearly , we can not jointly develop the four northern islands .
This is a very interesting issue .
Right .
They dropped it .
Right .
What do you say about this ?
Er , , , , it , also has its vigilance .
Well , this also has a lot to do with Russia 's strategy of building a powerful nation .
Russia now , it has independently formulated a strategic vision of developing the Far East and Siberian regions .
It has such a vision .
Uh-huh .
The four northern islands are included in this grand vision .
Right .
Today , among our topics , the four northern islands can be said to be the core topic .
We can discuss this issue again in detail at the end .
Well , before this , we have one more question , that is , er , regarding the issue of this Russian President Putin 's repeated postponement of his visit to Japan ,
well , many viewers may have some questions on this issue .
Well , we happen to have a background video clip here .
Let 's gain some understanding through this background video clip .
Why did Russian President Putin visit Japan again after , an interval of five years , after quite a few twists and turns ?
It can be said that Putin 's visit to Japan after an interval of five years was realized following quite a few twists and turns .
The visit was first scheduled for the second half of 2004 .
The Japanese side hoped that after winning the presidential election in March of that year , Putin could personally intervene in the territorial issues existing between Japan and Russia for a long time .
However , by May , the Russian side said it could not provide measures for resolving the territorial issues , and Putin 's visit to Japan was pushed to the spring of 2005 .
While Japan expressed helplessness to this , it hoped Putin could visit in February as it was the 150th anniversary of the signing of a trade and border treaty between Japan and Russia .
However , Putin responded only with a congratulatory telegram , with no mention of his visit to Japan .
On September 2 , 2004 , Koizumi went by boat to tour the four northern islands .
This move at once infuriated Russia .
Accordingly , the date of Putin 's visit to Japan turned into a variable which nobody could explain .
In various versions , some said Putin would visit Japan in April 2005 , some said May , while others said June .
In Russia 's diplomatic circles , there were even widespread rumors , including that Putin would not visit Japan within the year and that Russia 's ambassador to Japan would soon be removed .
Various speculation existed until May 2005 , at the celebration of the 60th anniversary of victory in the world 's anti-fascist war .
Under pressure from various sides , Koizumi reluctantly attended this celebration .
Furthermore , precisely because of this , Putin 's visit to Japan was basically confirmed .
This time , on this visit , er , between Russia and Japan , ah , er , as far as Japan was concerned , it really hoped that Russian President Putin would talk about the four northern islands issue during his visit .
However , Russia 's thinking was , er , we want to develop the economy first .
There should be economic cooperation before we can talk about the four northern islands issue , which means that currently the two sides both insist on a condition from the other side .
Well , in this way , the conflict would become more conspicuous during the talks .
Well , was this also the reason that caused Russian President Putin , in spite of " the two being close neighbors " these five years , to visit Japan again only after , an interval of five years ?
, this is not just during Putin 's tenure , that is , it has been like this for the 60 years after the war .
Uh-huh .
That is , whether there should be a separation of politics and economics or not .
That is , whether it should be economic cooperation first or resolution of political issues first .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , this eased for a period after the Cold War during the Gorbachev era .
Uh-huh .
That is , Gorbachev recognized the four islands issue between Japan and Russia .
There was nothing like this in the past .
In the past , only the issue of two islands was recognized .
Well , there was once an opportunity for this , but Japan again did not seize it .
Uh-huh .
Russia has changed a lot as well .
Well , later , that is , after several changes , for instance , during Hashimoto Ryutaro 's term , ah , Russia proposed separating politics from economics , to make progress on both at the same time .
Uh-huh .
However , when it came to the critical moment , that is , on the territorial issues , perhaps due to Japan 's domestic nationalist sentiments and the sensitivity of the territorial issues , it was impossible for any prime minister to claim for two islands only .
Uh-huh .
When talks on the two islands came to a final decision , the Japanese prime minister retreated again to the point that politics and economics could not be separated and that political issues should still be resolved first .
Uh-huh .
Well , in addition , the Russian president was exactly the opposite , that is , denying at critical moments that there were territorial issues , that is , sometimes even the issue of the two islands .
Uh-huh .
That is , it was impossible to give the territories to Japan .
So , this shows how difficult it is to resolve Japanese - Russian relations .
Uh-huh .
I think in the near future , er , the possibility of breakthrough progress is also , very small .
Eh , we all know Japan is the second largest economy in the world .
Furthermore , Japan is also a very important investor overseas .
However , a set of data shows that Japanese investment in Russia accounts for only 1 % of its investments overseas , that is , just over 700 million US dollars .
Well , as Russia should be said to badly need Japanese funds , as well as badly needing Japanese economic cooperation , well , how urgent do you think Russia 's need is ?
I think the time of Russia 's most urgent need is already over .
Uh-huh .
The most urgent time was still the 1990s .
At that time , Russia was indeed pressing for Japanese investment .
Uh-huh .
Because Russia was in a deep degree of overall crisis .
Uh-huh .
It was like a very thirsty man who needs to drink water .
At such time , he , needs someone else to give him a cup of water .
Uh-huh .
Well , now , the economic crisis in Russia is essentially over .
Well , under such circumstances , Russia , er , it can make diplomatic arrangements calmly .
Uh-huh .
Therefore , I think Japan , that is , again lost the best opportunity to enter the Russian market .
Uh-huh .
It can not be said to have lost it forever .
In other words , that time was the best , a relatively good period .
Uh-huh .
Why should we say that ?
That is to say , at that time if Japan had made a very good investment in Russia , well , Japan , in terms of Russia 's economy , it could have helped Russia 's economic recovery .
Uh-huh .
Well , currently Japan is very important to Russia again .
Well , as a neighboring nation , especially as Japan is a world economic power , Russia really needs Japanese investment , now not Japanese aid , but its investment .
Uh-huh .
It can also be said it is this way strategically .
Putin 's current strategy is to build a powerful nation , a strategy for making his country powerful and his people rich .
Uh-huh .
Well , this strategy is extremely clear .
He used an expression , saying that Russia 's diplomacy is economic diplomacy .
All , diplomatic activities must promote Russia 's prosperity , eh , development , and wealth and power .
Uh-huh .
Well , seen from this perspective , well , Japan is very important to Russia .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Therefore , just now you mentioned some figures regarding Russian - Japanese relations , that is , economic and trade relations , for such a large , such a powerful economy as Japan , well , it invested only 700-plus million in Russia .
This is extremely small .
Uh-huh .
Said it will be ten billion .
Well , last year 's trade volume was perhaps more than 9 billion .
This year , , Koizumi said it may exceed 100 trillion .
This is a very small figure in terms of trade relations between two countries .
It has nearly reached 200 billion between China and Japan .
So .
Right .
Here it has a comparison .
er , between Russia and Japan , the trade volume only equals , of Sino - Japanese trade volume , one twenty - second .
Uh-huh .
Right .
It seems to be one twenty - second , or one nineteenth .
Well , what does this status show ?
Right , just about , eh .
I will explain two issues -- one , it may show that the economic environment in Russia is indeed not very good .
Uh-huh .
In general , none of the , eh , large nations in the world , have entered the Russian market with much ease .
Uh-huh .
This is an objective factor , but there is a subjective factor too .
That is to say , it is not that Japan does not need the Russian market .
Perhaps some non-economic factor is playing a role .
It has always been the territorial issue .
Well , as we said , this kind of nationalist sentiment plays a great role here .
So one very important aim of Putin 's visit this time , which I also think is very clever , is to put aside some very sensitive old territorial topics .
This topic is hard to tackle .
Uh-huh .
However , he can promote the development of economic relations , as economics is a dynamic factor .
Uh-huh .
Putin came this time bringing more than 100 people , such a large delegation , to Japan .
He still intends to solicit businesses and investment , to use our Chinese expression , yet this intention is very obvious .
Right , right .
Right , I think .
However , based on this outcome , the form still seems to have outdone the content .
I think that with regard to Japan 's relations with Russia , it has been like this since the 1970s .
When Tanaka Kakuei went there , he also did this .
I will invest , I will give you aid to develop eastern Siberia .
That 's because Russia has a vast area of land .
We know the population is small , that is to say they can not develop it .
That is , the treasure is all hidden underground .
Well , at that time , , they still wanted to solve the population problem .
Uh-huh .
So , that is , Japan used economics for political purposes .
Uh-huh .
Well , now it seems that Koizumi has still not changed this course .
Uh-huh .
Well , this way , I do n't think this dead knot can be untied .
Also , if things continue like this , increasing the nations ' mutual trust can never be realized .
Yes , , eh , just now Director Xing mentioned a very important issue , that is , the nationalist sentiment .
In fact , regarding Putin 's visit to Japan this time , the media earlier predicted , among other things , that when the time came , there would be more than 60 groups totaling more than 700 people , along with , hey , more than 200 propaganda trucks on the streets of downtown Tokyo , to protest against Putin 's visit to Japan .
Well , what forces do these people and groups holding street protests represent ?
What are they asking for ?
And what impact will it have on Putin 's visit to Japan ?
Okay .
They are some focused right - wing groups , similar to a gang society .
But , with regard to this Russian issue , ah , this can not be simply regarded as a handful of people making trouble , because there are widespread historical grievances among ordinary people in Japan against Russia .
I have had contact with many Japanese .
That is to say , this involves the origin of the Northern Territories issue .
Well , I think it originated a long time ago and involves three major issues .
One is that historically and legally , it has changed several times .
For instance , in 1855 , in 1875 , and in 1905 after the Russo - Japanese War , and also WW II , at these critical points , ownership of the territories was constantly changing .
With ancestors constantly changing , both sides had their own arguments .
In fact , ownership of the Northern Territories has changed several times , and there has been no single law .
Therefore , there is truth on both sides .
Uh-huh .
Now Russia says this was the result of WWII international laws and treaties , with the US also recognizing it at that time .
Uh-huh .
The entire international community recognizes that the four islands should belong to Russia .
Both the Yalta Agreement and Article 2 of the San Francisco Treaty recognize Japan 's relinquishment of the Kuril Islands .
However , then there is a lot of nationalist sentiment , that is , Japan believes that the Soviet Union unilaterally broke the Pact of Neutrality , sending troops into Northeast China and defeating the Kwantung Army .
For things like this , as Japan looks at this piece of history -- also , Japanese captives were dragged to Siberia to labor camps -- I heard there were 100,000 , 200,000 .
Uh-huh .
Well , there is also a nationalist sentiment issue ; also , including this , these have all been brought together .
Therefore , unraveling this historical feud , the Northern Territories issue , is not so clear - cut , since history , society , and law , as well as nationalist sentiments are all entangled together .
Yeah .
Just now you mentioned the origin of the four northern islands .
Well , today we have been talking about the four northern islands issue .
Well , how exactly did the four northern islands issue originate ?
Let 's learn something about it .
The four islands , Iturup , Shikotan , the Khabomai Rocks , and Kunashir , are located in the northern part of the western Pacific Ocean , with a total area of about 5,000 square kilometers , which Japan calls the four northern islands , and Russia calls Southern Chishima .
Their surrounding sea waters have a great wealth of fishing resources and undersea mineral deposits , with highly important strategic positions .
The ownership of these four islands has long been a dead knot in Russian - Japanese relations that has been difficult to untie .
In August 1945 , the US dropped atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in succession .
To ask the Soviet Union to declare war against Japan , the US and Britain gave Russia the Chishima Islands and the southern part of Sakhalin Island , which Japan occupied at the time .
In 1955 the Soviet Union and Japan began negotiations regarding the normalization of relations .
The then Soviet Union indicated willingness to return the Khabomai Rocks and Shikotan .
Yet Japan requested that the Soviet Union return Iturup and Kunashiri as well .
It also requested that the Soviet Union promise to attend the international peace conference to determine the ownership of Sakhalin and the entire Chishima Islands .
Negotiations broke down as a result .
In 1956 , the then Soviet Union restated its willingness to return the Khabomai Rocks and Shikotan .
Japan again said that unless the four islands were returned together , the Soviet proposal could definitely not be accepted .
For a long time , Japanese - Russian relations have not made breakthrough progress due to the deadlocked four northern islands issue .
Today , already more than 50 years after the end of WW II , the two nations have still not signed a peace treaty realizing the complete normalization of bilateral relations .
In the literal sense , if the two nations have not signed a peace treaty , it means at this point the two nations are still at war .
As the two experts are constantly discussing , saying that the four northern islands issue is a dead knot in Japanese - Russian relations , yet this dead knot , it seems that currently both sides have this idea , they want to untie this dead knot .
Well , we noticed , er , just now this short clip also talked about it , at that time the Soviet Union agreed to return two islands first , , but , eh , Japan never agreed .
But now , we also notice that , Taro Aso proposed a new idea , the joint development that the Soviet Union had previously talked about .
Well , can this point lead to a breakthrough in the two nations ' resolution of the four northern islands issue ?
I think it is very hard , as joint development and sovereignty of the islands are , ah , two concepts .
It wo n't work , either , eh , eh .
But this is relevant .
Uh-huh .
Oh , as I just mentioned , it was against a large background that Russia first proposed it .
Uh-huh .
With , quite a troubled economy , Russia needed Japanese investment , needed Japan to get involved through this channel .
Uh-huh .
Well , now that its economy has greatly improved , Russia does not need to take this diplomatic risk .
Uh-huh .
This is one .
Second , Russia should be seen as a rather strong nation .
Well , this place , the four northern islands , is a very sensitive region for the Russian psyche .
Any small , small diplomatic or economic action will affect the psyche of Russian citizens .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So , well , Putin 's visit to Japan this time , or during his visit to Japan , or prior to this , there were rallies in the Far East region , including the Sakhalin area , meant to give many warnings to Putin .
Uh-huh .
Well , Russian politicians also made many appeals regarding this .
Well , one Russian politician stated very clearly that while Russia 's territory is vast , Russia does not have territories to spare .
This is a very , very , eh , tough kind of issue .
Well , as I just said very clearly , that is to say , in addition to the legal and historical complications , the repeated change of ownership , and then national sentiments as well , the four northern islands are also strategically very important .
That is , does n't Russia advocate a double - headed eagle policy ?
Right , right .
It is both a European and Asian nation .
Well , if he wants development in Asia , wo n't he close the door if he loses hold of the four northern islands now ?
Uh-huh .
Fisheries .
The four northern islands not only have mineral deposits , oil , and fisheries , but also for military strategy , they are key positions in the Pacific Ocean .
In the Pacific Ocean , right .
Currently Russia seems to be in a period of low tide , but it wo n't stay this way forever .
Right , right , right .
It is still a large nation .
It is still a large nation .
It is also an international power .
Therefore , none of its leaders can easily give away the four northern islands .
, , let me again add some words , if it wants joint development , Japanese companies and Japanese influence will enter the four northern islands .
Right , right .
Well , after entering , , economic influence may lead to political influence .
Currently that would seem to benefit Japan .
Yes .
It would benefit Japan .
Russia has foreseen the consequences .
That 's why Russia now rejects it .
It was originally proposed by Russia , but rejected by Japan .
Uh-huh .
This is a new incarnation , but with different political significance .
Uh-huh .
Well , since the four northern islands issue is a dead knot in bilateral relations that can not be untied , and also both are working hard , yet with seemingly little hope in sight , well , how can Japanese - Russian relations develop under such circumstances ?
I think both sides generally know the two sides ' levels of political operations , knowing that territorial issues are hard to resolve .
So , with this issue having gone on for many years , both sides may have a bottom line .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
That is , they wo n't say we will stay opposed to each other as long as it is unresolved .
Uh-huh .
So it may be like this .
That is to say , in the future both sides may become more reasonable on this issue .
That is , looking farther ahead , normalization of relations will still be gradually developed .
Uh-huh .
That is , do n't always get stuck on the territorial issue .
But on the other hand , the territorial issue is also quite important and sensitive .
So it is unrealistic for you to say there will be breakthrough progress in Japanese - Russian relations and that their economic and trade relations will suddenly achieve 100 billion .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So the prospects for Japanese - Russian relations are not too good .
Uh-huh .
That is , it will be , that is , very common , , relatively bland kind of relationship .
Uh-huh .
That is , Russian - Japanese relations , from the perspective of Russia , I do n't see many changes in the large framework of Russian - Japanese relations .
Well , Mr. Xing , how do you view Russian - Japanese relations ?
That is to say , these basic tones have been set .
The main issue is the four northern islands .
However , current signs show that Russia and Japan are moving forward on economic issues , on economic cooperation .
Uh-huh .
Yes .
I will give two examples .
One example is that this year Toyota Motor has invested in St. Petersburg .
Uh-huh .
In addition , Putin attended the ribbon - cutting ceremony .
This is , quite a clear signal .
That is to say , -- Japan has now invested in Russia .
Second , what Japan hopes to get is , hey , Russia 's oil .
Uh-huh .
Though Russia did not make a final commitment , there is already a general framework .
Uh-huh .
That is to say , eventually Russia 's oil pipeline will be connected to a Pacific Ocean port , which will benefit Japan .
Uh-huh .
That is , although there are obstacles in bilateral relations , they are still exploring forward movement .
Right .
Uh-huh .
Okay , well , today we will end our discussion here on the topic of Putin 's visit to Japan .
Thanks very much to the two experts for coming to the studio for our interview .
Thanks to you two .
Okay , dear viewers , that 's all for today 's edition of Focus Today .
Thank you for watching .
See you tomorrow at the same time .
Abramov had a car accident in Moscow last night and was seriously injured .
Right now , Abramov is being treated in the hospital , but his life is already out of danger .
Chechen President Alkhanov said yesterday that according to the preliminary investigation , his car accident was only an ordinary traffic accident and was unlikely to be a well - planned assassination attempt .
Right now , First Deputy Prime Minister Kadyrov is acting prime minister temporarily .
Let 's now take a look at this .
US President Bush and Russian President Putin participating in the 13th Informal APEC Leaders ' Meeting in Pusan , South Korea , met briefly today before the meeting began .
The content of their discussion during the meeting was not publicly disclosed .
However , according to White House officials , Bush and Putin mainly discussed a series of topics such as anti-terrorism , the Korean peninsula nuclear issue , the Iran nuclear issue , and the Russian accession to the WTO .
Bush 's accompanying officials said that this is already the fifth meeting between the two leaders this year .
Dear viewers , that 's all for the China News program .
Thank you for watching !
This is Xu Li .
Next , please stay with us for the Focus Today program hosted by Wang Shilin .
Good-bye !
News and events happen every day .
What you are interested in is exactly what our focuses are .
This is CCTV Focus Today .
Prior to the APEC meeting , Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi visited Yasukuni Shrine for the fifth time and was strongly condemned by Asian nations such as China and South Korea .
What kind of situation will Japan find itself in at the APEC summit ?
What heavy prices will Japan pay for Koizumi 's paying respect to the ghosts ?
Focus Today is coming up in a moment .
Hello , dear viewers !
Welcome to the live broadcast of Focus Today on the Chinese International Channel .
The APEC meeting is being held these days in Pusan , South Korea .
Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi also arrived in Pusan this afternoon , beginning his APEC trip this time .
Well , prior to this , many analysts all think that during his trip to the APEC meeting in Pusan , this time , Junichiro Koizumi may likely be isolated by various parties .
The reason is that in its persistent alignment with the US , Japan has ignored its relations with other countries , especially its Asian neighboring countries .
What is clearly remembered by its Asian neighboring countries is that on October 17 this year , in spite of opposition , Junichiro Koizumi stubbornly , ah , visited Yasukuni Shrine for the fifth time during the four years since he took office .
Well , what kind of situation will Japan find itself in at the APEC summit ?
What kind of impact will Koizumi 's lame diplomacy produce on the international image of Japan ?
These are all the topics we will be focusing on today .
We have invited to our studio Professor Liu Jiangyong and Professor Jin Xide , two experts on Japan issues .
Welcome you two to the studio to participate in our program .
Well , we all know that Koizumi arrived in Pusan this afternoon .
In the afternoon he met with South Korean President Roh Moo - hyun .
The two met .
Well , from the information and the situation you have learned , how would you two interpret some messages sent out by their meeting this time ?
Ah , first of all , I think , ah , , this time , ah , when Koizumi arrived in Pusan , ah , he had this in his mind .
That is , through multilateral meetings , he attempted to meet with , ah , leaders of South Korea or other Asian nations , Uh-huh . so as to -- Uh-huh . demonstrate that even though he visited Yasukuni Shrine , Uh-huh . his relations with neighboring countries are not affected .
Uh-huh .
However , actually , today President Roh Moo - hyun of the hosting country of the meeting , Uh-huh . well , based on his meeting with Koizumi , I think , actually , it shows that a series of issues such as his visit to Yasukuni Shrine have indeed cast a very heavy shadow over the relations between the two countries .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Yes .
Well , during this meeting , er , President Roh Moo - hyun clearly pointed out , ah , what did he point out ? That is , er , the visit to Yasukuni Shrine by Japanese leaders , politicians , and statesmen , is a , , provocation , ah , to South Korea .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , at the same time , he pointed out , that is , er , the issue of the prime minister 's visit to Yasukuni Shrine , the textbook issue , and the territorial dispute .
Uh-huh .
All these must be properly resolved before the relations between the two countries can improve .
Uh-huh .
Well , Koizumi , he also , that is to say , er , argued slyly for himself , ah , he said , er , that his visit was not to glorify the war .
Uh-huh .
Nor was this for anything else .
It was only done to express condolences on the war dead .
Uh-huh .
Well , at the same time , that is , it was to express that there shall be no more war in future .
However , this was still not accepted by the South Korean side .
Well , after the meeting between the two sides , we were very interested in this .
That is , originally this year marks the 40th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between South Korea and Japan .
fortieth anniversary .
In addition , is n't this year the year of the South Korean - Japanese friendship ?
Yes , yes , yes .
Uh-huh .
Yes , yes , the year of friendship .
Uh-huh .
Er , well , according to the original arrangement , that is , President Roh Moo - hyun should pay a visit to Japan , ah , at the end of this year .
Uh-huh .
However , this matter was not even talked about during this , eh , bilateral summit meeting .
I think this shows that it is not going to happen .
Right .
Uh-huh .
Some commentaries said that when Koizumi went to meet with Roh Moo - hyun this time , it was like clutching at a straw to save his life .
Eh , it means that you see , although many neighboring countries are complaining about me , my image may return to a better one after I met with Roh Moo - hyun .
However , based on the outcome , just as Professor Liu introduced , it was equivalent to going there to get criticized again .
Right .
Well , was n't it that things went contrary to his wishes ?
Uh-huh , to him .
, that is to say , to Japan , to Prime Minister Koizumi , this is a very difficult diplomatic journey .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , to be able to meet with Roh Moo - hyun was originally the only remedy he could count on .
Uh-huh .
However , Roh Moo - hyun actually met with him ceremonially as a host because APEC held the meeting in South Korea .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
But , he seized the opportunity fully to express the wish of the South Korean government and people .
Uh-huh .
What he meant by the wish was to stop visiting Yasukuni Shrine .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So , contrary to Koizumi 's diplomatic purpose , he not only failed to sidestep the issue of the visit , but rather exposed , this scandal to the entire world .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So , from the bottom of his heart , he might feel it was even worse than not meeting at all .
Uh-huh .
So , this only hope of his was also destroyed .
Uh-huh .
We have just started with this topic of the meeting between President Roh Moo - hyun and Koizumi .
Well , actually , regarding , um , Koizumi 's attendance at this APEC summit , people are more interested in the relations between Japan and its Asian neighboring countries , including the kind of alliance relationship between the US and Japan , and so on .
Uh-huh .
Yeah .
Well , speaking of the relationship issue , we have noticed that during US President Bush 's visit in Japan , Koizumi made some declaration of this position .
He said , as long as we get on good terms with the US , then it follows naturally we will have good relations with our Asian neighboring countries .
Well , regarding this attitude he has adopted , well , two professors , how would you look at Koizumi 's diplomatic thinking ?
Well , this is because he is still using the pre-Cold - War diplomatic thinking after the Cold War , that is , the United States is the number one superpower in the world .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Japan is the second largest economy in the world .
Uh-huh .
As long as these two countries stand together , then it seems that other countries could not do anything to them .
Uh-huh .
Well , this is actually a very overbearing image .
Uh-huh .
Well , looking at the situation in Asia , actually , it is exactly the other way round .
Uh-huh .
That is to say , if it does not get on good terms with its Asian neighboring countries , then in reality the US will become even more hard - line in its diplomacy with Japan .
As for Japan , to the US , it furthermore has lost some assets , diplomatic assets when making negotiations with the US .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , just recently , it 's needless for us to say , er , that Japan 's relations , we can say , with its neighboring countries this year have suffered overall deterioration .
These include Japan 's relations with South Korea , China , and Russia which are all deteriorating , well , even including its relations with the US .
In fact , , even today , we also noticed a piece of news that although at , um , the recent two - plus - two meeting , er , the US and Japan again reached an intermediate report , Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Uh-huh . Well , today , actually the head of Japan 's Defense Agency again mentioned to the US that it seems to feel regretful ,
why ?
Uh-huh .
That is , a bit regretful .
Because , according to the two - plus - two intermediate report just reached , the US military bases in Japan should undergo adjustment .
However , it was met with strong opposition from the general public in Japan .
So it may be hard to implement .
Uh-huh .
So , now the JDA head came to talk with the US , saying , whether our interests can be taken into consideration again , er , in this intermediate report .
That is , between the US and Japan , centering upon this intermediate report , actually the deal is again partially completed .
Uh-huh .
So , such a prime minister like Koizumi , who blindly follows the US as the guideline of his diplomacy , was rarely seen even during the Cold War era .
Uh-huh .
We know that in 1957 Japan had three diplomatic principles .
That is to say , it must take good care of its relations with the Western countries , Asian countries , and the United Nations .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
But now , Koizumi is like a stick , let 's say , a post .
Right .
It takes three points to support a plane .
Yeah .
So , it turned out that they had such stuff on the surface .
Well , some prime ministers before Koizumi at least would still properly deal with and balance the relations with America , with the US and Asia , in particular , with China , ah .
Uh-huh .
Well , when it comes to Koizumi , he only takes good care of the relations with the US .
Right .
In fact , he will surely fail to take good care of the relations with the US because if you can not win the trust of your Asian neighboring countries , the US will not fully respect such a country .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
The US also wants to go beyond Japan to keep good relations with China , South Korea , and other Asian countries .
Therefore , the more he follows the US , the lower will be his actual status in Asia .
Uh-huh .
It is impossible .
Right , his idea was actually criticized and opposed by some politicians even in Japan .
He was strongly criticized and increasingly isolated .
Ah .
The domestic economy was also affected .
Many people also mentioned , by valuing the US alone , you are ignoring Asia .
Yes .
Now many media all issued statements and editorials .
Therefore , some people also compared this diplomacy of his to a lame diplomacy .
Yeah .
He --
Could he walk steadily with a lame diplomacy ?
Eh , as far as Koizumi himself is concerned , what is his problem ?
Uh-huh .
He himself , ah , er , what should we say ? He does not respect and acknowledge reality .
Actually , some people say he is deceiving himself as well as others .
Uh-huh .
For instance , this time at the APEC meeting in Pusan , when he mentioned , er , Japan 's relations with China , he still used this kind of , that is to say , rhetoric , to defend himself .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
He said , er , , ah , right now , Japan - China relations are not like , er , what the international community is worried about .
Uh-huh .
Well , the economic trade development in our two countries is going on quite well .
In fact , we can say he does not understand the current status of Sino - Japanese relations .
Uh-huh .
Actually , due to his visit to Yasukuni Shrine and the cooling down of the political relationship , Sino - Japanese relations have suffered severe blows .
He is only indulging in his unilateral wishful thinking .
It is only what he thinks .
Uh-huh .
We can see some concrete figures .
For instance , from January to August this year , the latest statistics show that Japan 's exports to China grew only by 3.2 % according to China 's statistics .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
It grew only by 5.8 % according to Japan 's statistics .
Uh-huh .
Well , in previous years , it was always more than 25 % .
In other words , Japan 's exports to China were declining sharply .
More than 25 % .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , at the same time , with respect to Japan 's investment in China , during the first half of last year , Japan 's investment projects in China decreased by 8.2 % while the contractual amount decreased by 0.4 % .
They both showed that due to the cooling down of the political relationship , well , the economic relations between China and Japan have already been severely affected .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
In addition , there has also been the impact on the feelings of peoples of the two countries .
Yeah .
Originally , Koizumi 's key fallacy for his visits to Yasukuni Shrine was that my visits would not affect in any way our relations with Asia .
Uh-huh .
It is not like that in reality .
Uh-huh .
Well , when Koizumi visits Yasukuni Shrine , he is betting on the national interests of Japan .
That is to say , he is selling the international image and national interests of Japan at cheap prices .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So this is being paid at a heavy price .
Uh-huh .
Many Japanese people also see that this does not conform to Japan 's own fundamental interests , ah , as a country with so many international , um , interests .
Interests .
with national interests .
At the same time , it also actually denigrates Japan 's image .
Uh-huh .
Well , with regard to Koizumi 's diplomatic thinking , there is still , that is , one question .
Ah , people may also frequently ask such a question that since it is the most important thing for a country to keep good relationship with its neighboring countries , why would Japan want to seek far and wide for what lies close at hand ?
Right .
Out of what consideration is he doing this ?
Well , um , this Prime Minister Koizumi , ah , first of all , personally , he is an individual with a kind of belief , a very rightist political belief .
Well , it also precisely reflects a current political trend of forces surrounding the Koizumi administration .
Uh-huh .
It also reflects that nowadays Japan , in its eagerness to become a political power , well , wants to take advantage of the sentiments of extreme nationalism to move toward and realize this goal .
For instance , they have , a kind of wrong doing .
That is to say , if Japan wants to become a powerful country commanding true respect , it must get rid of the name of a defeated country , the name of an aggressor country in World War II .
Uh-huh .
So , they chose a very dangerous road .
Uh-huh .
That is to say , it tries to become a decent country by negating its history as an aggressor .
This is exactly a road that leads nowhere .
Uh-huh .
Well , this road he takes will surely isolate Japan from the international community and will definitely not make it a political power in the end .
Uh-huh .
Well , he chose the wrong road .
Ah , in addition , from his point of view , he is counting on his luck to a large extent .
We can also say that some think tank people around him may have given him the wrong idea .
Perhaps he was misled , wow .
Ah .
For example , regarding his visits to Yasukuni Shrine , , he says , if I , keep doing it like this , China , South Korea , ah , , that is to say , you will , grow tired of protesting .
Once you see a lot of it , you will get used to it .
So , you will swallow the bitterness while I keep doing like this .
Uh-huh .
However , it turns out to be exactly the opposite .
He did not know this issue could bring big trouble to Japan .
He did not know the seriousness of the issue .
, this is an issue of principle .
Right .
Well , we can say that an overall review of the current diplomatic status of Japan should show two clear roads .
Ha , one is to follow the US blindly , which is one of its very important diplomatic lines .
And we can also see the other one , that is , to continue damaging the relations with its close neighbors
Well , speaking of this , we can also figure out that Koizumi has seriously damaged the feelings of his Asian neighboring countries several times since he took office as Japan 's prime minister in 2001 .
We compiled a background video clip here , and let 's learn about some relevant information together .
In February 2005 , just one day after Chinese people 's traditional Spring Festival , the Japanese government claimed the lighthouse set on Diaoyu Island by Japan 's extreme rightist group without permission as its national property and put in under the administration of Japan .
On March 16 , 2005 , Japan 's Shimane Prefecture assembly voted to pass a measure bill concerning Takeshima Day and officially designated February 22 as Takeshima Day .
As a result , this small island just a bit over 90 kilometers from Utsuryo Island , South Korea , again triggered a diplomatic conflict between the two countries .
South Korea thinks that this island called Dokdo Island has always been a Korean territory .
On April 1 , 2005 , the Japanese Ministry of Education approved a new edition of history textbooks compiled by the new history textbook compilation committee and published by Fusosha Publishing House and announced the result officially on April 5 .
There are very few amendments in the new edition of Japanese history textbooks .
The parts of the old version that twisted the history and denied its crime of aggression remained unchanged .
Instead the Japanese claims of sovereignty of South Korea 's Dokdo Island and China 's Diaoyu Island were added .
With regard to the Yasukuni Shrine where class A WW II criminals are honored , in spite of opposition from all sides , Koizumi persistently paid a series of five visits there from 2001 to 2005 .
Koizumi has been in office for , four years .
Well , during these four years , we can say , er , nothing has been much improved , whether in internal affairs or diplomacy .
Originally , Koizumi , ah , took office because he won a very high support rating as a reformer .
Eh , at that time , he pledged to reform Japan 's internal political and economic situations .
However , based on the current status of internal affairs , his reform , ah , did not result , er , in what was expected at that time .
In the diplomatic field , there has been constant friction with neighboring countries .
So , right now , another important question is how exactly people in Japan view Koizumi 's diplomatic or internal policies , Professor Jin ?
Well , this is , let 's say that Japanese people now have finally started to cool down in their attitude toward , this kind of impulsive actions .
Uh-huh .
Well , we know that among major Japanese newspapers , that is , the most dominant newspapers expressing popular opinions , ranging from Asahi Shimbun to Tokyo Shimbun , etc , well , recently , even Yomiuri Simbun , which originally expressed support for Koizumi 's right - wing tendencies , has started to change sides .
Uh-huh .
That is to say , their tones might be different , but the consensus of Japanese public opinion is that relations with Asian countries must be improved .
So , this has already become the mainstream Japanese public opinion .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , specifically , it means prohibiting visits to Yasukuni Shrine .
This has been opposed by the Liberal Democratic Party and all opposition parties .
Well , we know that the most important pillar in Japan that supports the Japanese society is the Japanese business community .
Well , the heads of several groups in the business community , for instance , the Japan Business Federation and the Japan Committee for Economic Development , all had frequent direct meetings with Koizumi , strongly cautioning him not to visit Yasukuni Shrine , Uh-huh . Uh-huh . because our economy will suffer if our Japan can not survive in the international community .
Uh-huh .
As a result , nowadays , Koizumi should be utterly isolated not only internationally but also domestically .
Uh-huh .
Right .
Well , to Japanese people , what they are more concerned with is , for example , how my economy is developing , how my life will be , whether the national interests will be damaged , whether my personal interests will be affected , and so on and so forth .
Well , we have noticed that in response to such questions , some analysts recently noted that Japan 's diplomacy will pay a heavy price for what he has been doing .
As a matter of fact , Professor Liu , you also mentioned earlier that Japan 's economy , for instance , the Sino - Japanese trade , has already been affected to some extent .
Well , have they started to pay the price already ?
Well , I think , actually , as far as Japan itself is concerned , it still made some mistakes by itself .
For instance , actually Koizumi won an overwhelming victory in the general election held on September 11 this year .
At the same time his power to form the cabinet was further strengthened .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Er , he himself thought , er , that he was probably , , er , 200 % correct in what he has been doing .
Uh-huh .
However , in his diplomatic efforts , in terms of relations with neighboring countries , well , , we can say that he indeed failed miserably .
Uh-huh .
Well , this itself also failed to meet Japan 's own demand for economic development and the trend of strengthening economic and trade relations with foreign countries , in particular , the eastern Asian region , well , so as to bring about economic cooperation in this region .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , looking at Japan 's economy , we should say it is currently recovering its growth .
Well , externally , it mainly relies on the US and Chinese markets .
Uh-huh .
However , if the Chinese market suffers from economic cool - down as political coldness takes heat off economic development , it should produce a very negative effect on Japan 's economy .
Uh-huh .
This effect may not show until probably next year .
Uh-huh .
Well , just now , that is to say , it was the political coldness that totally damaged its relations with neighboring countries .
Uh-huh .
Then , in terms of economy , he has also been unable to keep the economic heat on .
Uh-huh .
Well , we know , what all of us should be more concerned is his failure in international affairs .
That is , this year marks the 60th anniversary of the founding of the United Nations .
Uh-huh .
Japan placed its hope of becoming a permanent member of the Security Council this year .
Uh-huh .
Well , generally speaking , if it could n't get accepted this year , well , the chances in future are extremely slim .
Uh-huh .
Well , among many reasons that blocked Japan from getting accepted this year , the most important one was that its neighboring countries did not cast favorable votes .
That is , it did not --
It failed to gain the support of countries in its own region .
Right .
To become a permanent member of the Security Council , the most important thing is to first win the support of your own region .
Right .
Well , right now it is its neighboring countries that did not support it .
Uh-huh .
Therefore , we should say that it is , right , this Prime Minister Koizumi who has single - handedly ruined Japan 's dream of becoming a permanent member of the Security Council .
Uh-huh .
This is the most serious cost .
Some analysts also mentioned this point , that is to say , right now , Japan 's neighboring countries are basically very much disappointed with what Koizumi has been doing .
Well , many countries have all abandoned their hopes to further mend their relations with Japan .
In this respect , such a question follows , that is , how far could Koizumi go following his diplomatic policy ?
Well , from what can be seen now , that is , actually , er , let 's say , from the cabinet he formed after his victory of the general election for the second time , we could indeed see that he has gathered , um , the statesmen , or politicians who approve visits to Yasukuni Shrine , Uh-huh . all into the cabinet , everyone of them , eh .
He , right , appointed them as defense minister or foreign minister .
Uh-huh .
In fact we can see that he is sort of determined on this issue to fight against neighboring countries to the end .
Uh-huh .
This way , he actually sent out a message that he has no sincerity in , during his term , improving the relations with neighboring countries .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
This will indeed lead to the great disappointment of neighboring countries in him , and furthermore to their caution about whether next , the prime minister , the defense minister , including , er , the foreign minister would all go pay their respects at Yasukuni Shrine .
If that is the case , it may have produced a very extensive negative impact on its relations with neighboring countries .
Uh-huh .
Well , actually , right now even the European and US media have noted this issue .
Right .
We , including US President Bush , who came to Pusan following his visit to Japan this time and then will arrive again in China , are , in fact , also very concerned with this future development of Sino - Japanese relations .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
That is because I recently met an American scholar whose first question to me was whether there will be any conflict in the East China Sea region .
Uh-huh .
Ah , I do n't think it would be that serious , but we can see that the international community has already shown tremendous concern about the chaos to international relations in this region that may have resulted from the Koizumi cabinet 's reckless diplomacy .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
In fact it is not merely an issue of Sino - Japanese relations or Japanese - Korean relations .
It has triggered that --
Yeah .
the nerves of the international community .
Yeah .
That is , the US public and scholars have , started to show concerns over the issue of right and wrong in WW II , the moral issue , that is , the US has started to pay attention to this issue .
The US has kept quiet on the issue of Yasukuni Shrine because it wants to get along with everyone .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So , it has been an onlooker to the fighting among eastern Asian countries .
But now the US can no longer sit quietly any more .
I think that if things go on like this , the US interests in this region are also going to suffer .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , now let 's look at this Koizumi , that is , the post-Koizumi era .
What are his standards for selecting his successor ?
Is visiting Yasukuni Shrine a criterion ?
Uh-huh .
Yeah .
This is one of the important indexes that , we should watch for regarding which road exactly Japan will take .
However , based on the selection and formation of his , er , cabinet , it seems that Koizumi is making his post-resignation arrangements , ah .
He has started to get ready .
The Koizumi era , well --
Has already prepared --
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , following that , for instance , if his successor is indeed Shinzo Abe , well , what will it mean if Shinzo Abe takes office ?
Well , actually , I see , ah , Koizumi has dual purposes in arranging this cabinet , ah .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
That is , in fact , I now feel that he , er , is somewhat adopting a China policy that separates politics from economy .
Uh-huh .
Well , in politics , he will go against you , eh , mainly on the issues of Yasukuni Shrine and textbooks , but in economic and trade affairs , er , he still wants to safeguard Japan 's economic rights .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Right .
He is using some , eh , people who are , for instance , er , relatively moderate and pragmatic toward China .
Right .
Right , right , right .
, for instance , a politician quite friendly with China , that is , Toshihiro Nikai , um , was appointed as minister of Economy , Trade and Industry .
Uh-huh .
Toshihiro Nikai .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , we also see that after Nikai took office , his speech on the Eastern China Sea issue , we should say , is quite appropriate .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Ah , in his opinion , he wants to have friendly negotiations , ah , with China if he sees that China , er , has taken any action .
He does not think Japan 's unilateral action in this disputed area is friendly negotiation .
Uh-huh .
If it is impossible for talks to go on , it can still be postponed till future , en , when there is a chance to resume talks .
Er , I think that to prevent the bilateral relations from suffering friction over specific issues , his attitude like this should be --
Uh-huh .
But , can his diplomacy featuring two separate political and economic lines work ?
Eh , we need to watch for it this year .
Uh-huh .
Well , now Koizumi is constantly sending out the message that he will step down voluntarily in September next year .
Well , of course we could not believe completely 100 percent of what he said about this , because it is not certain whether they will make accommodations to let Koizumi stay in office .
But , if he steps down in September next year , we will see who on this cabinet will be the prime minister .
Uh-huh .
Well , mainly we will see whether he gives priority to diplomacy or internal affairs and whether he is more a hawk or a dove .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
We know there are several other people , such as Sadakazu Tanigaki and other economic figures , and those people mentioned by Professor Liu just now like Toshihiro Nikai .
Uh-huh .
This Koizumi has made some preparations after all , that is , he made dual preparations .
Uh-huh .
So , we still have to urge this Japanese government , ah , not to continue isolating itself like this .
We are certainly willing to watch for this , and will continue to monitor Japan .
All right .
For our final topic , let 's go back to the APEC meeting this time .
Uh-huh .
Well , as we mentioned earlier at the beginning , eh , a very important purpose for Koizumi to go to attend the APEC leaders ' summit in Pusan this time is to see if he could try to improve the relations with neighboring countries through talks with President Roh Moo - hyun , as if he were clutching at a life - saving straw .
But , could you analyze and predict what kind of achievements he can make during his trip to Pusan ?
Well , I think that actually the greatest achievement for him is that he should see facts .
What kind of facts ?
That is , the issue of right and wrong .
Well , some people say that as China 's economy is growing , Japan is getting somewhat jealous .
Er , as two powers are juxtaposed , the relations between the two countries have become somewhat tense .
In reality it is not necessary so .
For instance , China 's economy is growing , eh , and getting stronger , but we see the relations between China and South Korea are indeed developing rapidly .
Uh-huh .
Well , the current trade between China and South Korea has reached nearly 100 billion US dollars .
Uh-huh .
Er , within another period of time , er , that is , by 2012 when it is , the 20th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and South Korea , 200 billion US dollars ' worth of economic trade can be reached .
Yeah .
So , this will have surpassed what it is now for Japan and China which still failed to reach 200 billion US dollars at this 33rd anniversary of the normalization of their diplomatic relations .
Uh-huh .
We can say , the economic development in South Korea and China , to borrow Roh Moo - hyun 's words , is developing rapidly .
Uh-huh .
In addition , we can see that South Korea has been improving its relations with all neighboring countries with the exception of Japan .
Uh-huh .
China has also significantly improved its relations with all neighboring countries with the exception of Japan .
Uh-huh .
It is the same with Russia .
Yeah .
We , should say that people in the world are very clear about what is right and wrong .
It is all in the hearts of people .
Yeah .
I think this can only prove Koizumi 's stubbornness .
I do n't think it is certain at this point that he will change suddenly and completely .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
That is to say , this time he could only further expose his poor diplomatic skills and his isolation to the international community .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , based on his past remarks and deeds , it is hard to determine whether he will suddenly change his diplomatic policy after he returns .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , there is very little chance in this regard .
Er , judging from the situation he is in while participating in the APEC meeting , er , I am afraid he may not be suffering from friction with neighboring countries only .
Apart from that , er , some sources disclosed , for instance , he has also had some problems on this issue with some Latin American countries .
Yes .
So , just as we mentioned at the start of the program , during his trip to Pusan , Koizumi must feel not only isolated but also surely frustrated .
Uh-huh .
All right .
Thank you very much , ah , well , Professor Liu Jiangyong and Professor Jin Xide , for coming to our studio to participate in our program , ah , and introduce to us so much relevant information .
Thank you two !
All right , dear viewers , that 's all for today 's Focus Today program .
Thank you too , dear viewers , for watching !
Good-bye .
Hello , let 's check out the weather together .
Over the weekend , the weather in the South will change significantly .
It has been overcast and rainy continuously for nearly 10 days in some places here .
This is coming to an end for a while .
Although it is still overcast and rainy tomorrow from the eastern part of the southwestern region to this area south of the Yangtze River , it will turn cloudy by the day after tomorrow in the area south of the Yangtze River .
Well , it is a very pleasant thing that the long - awaited sunny weather following a long period of rain should occur on Sunday because people can arrange some outings .
However , I need to caution you that as the temperature is not climbing up significantly after the rain is over , the weather will still feel somewhat gloomy and cold .
All right .
Let 's take a look at North China .
Tomorrow morning it will be foggy in parts of North China .
On the weekend winds of forces 4 will blow across the northeast region .
In addition , there will be snowfall in southern Gansu .
Okay , let 's turn our attention to the city weather forecasts .
Beijing , cloudy , 2 to 8 degrees .
Harbin , sunny , 11 degrees below zero to zero degree .
Changchun , sunny , 9 degrees below zero to 1 degree .
Xi'an , cloudy , 6 to 12 degrees .
Shijiazhuang , foggy changing to sunny , 1 to 9 degrees .
Shanghai , overcast changing to light rain , 11 to 15 degrees .
Nanjing , overcast , 8 to 13 degrees .
Taipei , light rain , 18 to 22 degrees .
Guangzhou , cloudy , 16 to 24 degrees .
Dalian , cloudy changing to sunny , 2 to 8 degrees .
Luoyang , cloudy , 5 to 13 degrees .
Bangkok , cloudy changing to showers , 25 to 34 degrees .
New Delhi , sunny , 13 to 29 degrees .
Seoul , sunny , 1 degree below zero to 8 degrees .
Tokyo , sunny changing to cloudy , 8 to 14 degrees .
London , sunny changing to cloudy , 1 degree below zero to 8 degrees .
Moscow , medium rain changing to light rain , 1 degree below zero to 2 degrees .
Paris , sunny , 1 degree below zero to 9 degrees .
Vienna , sunny , 3 to 7 degrees .
New York , cloudy , 7 to 9 degrees .
Seattle , cloudy changing to sunny , 5 to 8 degrees .
Washington , sunny changing to cloudy , 4 to 6 degrees .
At 3:42 on July 28 , 1976 , a strong earthquake hit Tangshan .
On the morning of the 28th , the National Earthquake Administration called an emergency consultative meeting .
At the meeting , Huang Xiangning read the earthquake prediction that they had previously issued .
This attracted the attention of people in the relevant fields .
At 10:30 p.m. , as Huang Xiangning was preparing to return home , he was met by people who led him away from the door of his home , and that night he reported to the country 's leaders on earthquake forecasting .
What sort of questions did Hua Guofeng ask then ?
Who else was there ?
Oh , , when I went in , there was , uh , Mei Shirong , the deputy director , he was the deputy director of the analysis and forecasting office in charge of , and Director Liu Yingyong , that is the Seismology Bureau Director at that time , they were both there .
As he reached the end of the report , Mei Shirong said , he thought he wanted --
The Tangshan earthquake was a paroxysmal earthquake .
This type of earthquake has no precursors , and so it ca n't be predicted and you ca n't take precautions .
Uh , that was the gist of Mei Shirong 's remarks at the end of the report .
But before this , you clearly had already reported this opinion to the analysis and forecasting office .
The report went to the Seismology Bureau , yes .
How could he say this ?
This is absolutely contrary to the facts .
Well , I do n't know , , could it be , uh , that -LRB- he -RRB- was afraid that the responsibility was too much , so -LRB- he -RRB- blabbered out of a frightened mentality .
That 's my guess , maybe it was what he was thinking under frightening circumstances .
After I went there , after he finished the report , Premier Hua allowed me to report .
When I saw what was going on , I took the annual forecast , and I had no report .
So , I went directly to discussing our short - term annual forecast , it was July 14 , , I put it down on the table , and let them , read the original once , and then I reported , and they did n't interrupt at all .
I finished , and Hua Guofeng then said , uh , the Party Central Committee 's State Council does not hold you comrades in earthquake industry responsible , we hope you will continue to do your monitoring and forecasting work to protect the Party Central Committee and protect Chairman Mao .
That was what they said .
But obviously what you said , the facts you stated , conflicted with what Mei Shirong had stated .
Yes .
At the time , did n't anyone express any dissatisfaction over this ?
No .
Oh , , they did n't raise any questions about this .
And no one suggested looking into the responsibility of the Earthquake Administration ?
No , they did n't .
Uh , , uh , um , , the gist of what he said was that no one 's responsibility would be looked into .
He said , you need n't have any concerns .
, , uh , when you go back , continue with your monitoring work , monitoring and aftershocks .
And protect the Party Central Committee and protect Chairman Mao .
That was the gist of what Hua Guofeng said .
Who else was in attendance at the time ?
In attendance , uh , from the Seismology Bureau there were three of us , Director Liu Yingyong , Deputy Director Mei Shirong , and me .
, the national leaders were Hua Guofeng ,
oh , there was Jiang Qing ,
there was Ji Dengkui , there was Wu De .
This was an informational briefing that hardly anyone knows about .
The time was January 20 , 1977 .
The briefing only had a total of 450 copies ; it was mainly Committee leaders at the time who were reported to .
In the briefing , the National Seismology Bureau for the first time analyzed the reasons for the failure to report the Tangshan earthquake .
The National Seismology Bureau believes , first , that it did not clearly recognize the relationship between anomalies and earthquakes , and it made errors in assessing the earthquake .
Second , it did not recognize pre-earthquake anomalous signs .
Third , it did not understand the seismological and geological signs in the Beijing , Tianjin , Tangshan , Bohai , Zhangjiakou area .
These three " lack of understandings " made people feel quite a bit of guilty conscience .
Were the reasons that led to so many deaths and injuries all that simple ?
The reports from the monitoring stations , the experts ' opinions all failed to be taken seriously by the relevant departments ; what kind of questions did this raise ?
And if the pre-quake predictions had been taken seriously , what result would that have led to ?
These are the relics and ruins left to us by the Great Tangshan Earthquake .
In that calamity , all of Tangshan was laid waste .
And yet in the county seat of Qinglong County in Hebei Province , although it is only 115 km from here , not even one person in the whole county died in the great earthquake .
On the eve of the twentieth anniversary of the Great Tangshan Earthquake , that is in April of 1996 , Qinglong was chosen by a United Nations agency to become a successful model for the integration of scientific research and administrative management .
In fact , on August 20 , 1976 , the Hebei Science Committee had issued a brief report which for the first time revealed the facts about Qinglong having successfully prepared against the Great Tangshan Earthquake .
But the report was withdrawn very quickly .
Right up until 1995 , when the United Nations ' Dr. Kohl came to Beijing to participate in the world Conference on Women and learned about Qinglong for the first time .
The following year , after receiving permission from the Chinese government , this female UN official headed up a team in person and conducted an on - site investigation in Qinglong .
Beginning at that time , the Qinglong phenomenon gradually became known to the outside .
Speaking of the Qinglong miracle , there are two people we can not forget ; one is Wang Chunqing and the other is Ran Guangqi .
At the time Wang Chunqing was in charge of seismic work for the Qinglong County Scientific Committee , and it was he who first brought news of the great earthquake back to Qinglong .
What do you think the reasons were ?
Why was Qinglong able to do it and Tangshan was n't ?
Oh !
That 's really difficult to explain in a few words .
Why do you say that ?
Qinglong !
At the time I was participating , on July 14 , 1976 , I was participating in a joint survey and prevention conference .
The local manager was Wang Chunqing , the person responsible for running the Qinglong County Scientific Committee was named Wang Chunqing .
He was also on the dais opening the conference .
Opening this conference , at the time , Wang Chengmin of the National Seismology Bureau came .
When Wang Chengmin came , he demanded to address the conference , and he spoke to the bureau 's director , Zha Zhiyuan : I want to address the conference .
Zha Zhiyuan would n't let him .
What the reason for that was never became known .
He wanted to make a pre-quake speech , and he would n't allow it .
What was the reason ?
What reason ?
He was the deputy director of the bureau , he was a group leader .
Wang Chengmin thereupon spent two evenings holding two colloquia .
, Wang Chunqing participated in the first colloquium .
, uh , he participated in this meeting from start to finish .
Ah .
Wang Chengmin then reported the pre-quake opinions of a number of units .
Pre-quake opinions that he had received .
He received these opinions and also heard that Tangshan Second Middle School said so ,
uh , teacher Tian Jinwu of Tangshan Second Middle School also said like that , that is , earthquake prediction is part of the three essential earthquake requisites , right ?
In late July or early August a 7.0 or higher , possibly even an 8.0 earthquake will occur , and this made a very strong impression on him .
When the meeting let out , Wang Chunqing dared not delay , and he hurriedly made the long journey to his hometown , Qinglong , because his home was in Qinglong .
At the time Ran Guangqi was serving as Qinglong County secretary and county head .
After receiving Wang Chunqing 's report , Ran Guangqi immediately convened the county 's standing committee to discuss the earthquake situation .
At that time , with the upper levels of government not having issued any earthquake prediction , it was he that faced the risk of losing his position and on July 25 made a decision , that he had to notify everyone of the earthquake situation before July 26 .
From that moment , all of Qinglong County went into pre-earthquake mode .
After learning of this , what was Ran Guangqi , as county secretary and county head , thinking and doing ?
We had to take the initiative in this .
Uh , the wolf came , and whose child did he carry off ?
It 's the lives of 470,000 people , is n't it ?
Is n't it ?
The worst case scenario would be losing -LRB- his -RRB- office !
It did not matter .
Right . That was one thing .
The second thing was , criticizing Deng .
Criticizing Deng , we could put it that way ; the serious matter of criticizing Deng , we did n't dare not to do , because that was a call from above !
Right !
A call from above , they were calling on us to criticize Deng , so we criticized Deng .
But we were talking to the ordinary people , and there 's no difference between criticizing at home and criticizing in the courtyard .
What 's the difference ?
We were out trying to do earthquake prevention , so we just went on criticizing Deng outside !
Our supervisors checked up on us and learned that we were outside criticizing Deng .
That was one problem , they were thinking like that .
Ha , the third thing was , we were really dealing with a major quake .
If there 's no quake , the ordinary people will just see that we 're imperfect .
The mosquito sees a few welts and comes back again , right ?
The ordinary people will call us a few bad names , when it becomes worse , we bow and leave the stage .
But if we did n't issue an earthquake prediction and there was a real earthquake , we 'd be embarrassed in front of the locals .
Maybe you do n't acknowledge the debt , but you 'd feel bad about it .
Ran Guangqi examined the matter thoroughly , and under these circumstances he was decisive and issued an earthquake prediction , and he did n't tell anyone he was doing it .
So basically it was not recorded at the province level .
So I issued the prediction .
If there was no earthquake , that 's fine , at worst I 'd lose my position .
Other people had black gauze caps , and they looked at them as black gauze caps ; I had a black gauze cap , and I treated it as a stupid turtle .
That 's the original saying .
On November 8 , 1976 , the National Seismology Bureau released its seventeenth seismic report .
The report said that the Tangshan earthquake had damaged 180,000 homes in Qinglong County , with 7,300 of these collapsing , but only one person had died as a direct result of the earthquake .
The Kailuan Mine Bureau was another miracle .
The miracle was that 10,000 miners working in Kailuan Mine Bureau mines successfully escaped danger in the Great Tangshan Earthquake , and this established a model for disaster prevention and preparation .
Perhaps there are more lessons to be learned from Kailuan than from Qinglong .
With seismologists being unable to set a date for an imminent earthquake , how can people carry out effective disaster prevention and preparation work ?
When the Great Tangshan earthquake hit , why was it that the Kailuan mine was able to keep the mortality rate at only 0.07 % ?
I went down in the mines once , and I thought about this , under those circumstances , their miners , if a real earthquake hits , if they do n't get them out of there very quickly , that 's a horrendous thing .
Why ?
, in a mine , if the power goes out , the power goes out and there 's no ventilation .
If the power goes out and the ventilation stops , in 40 minutes or so , , uh , gas , underground flooding , uh , that can quickly threaten human life .
-LRB- Power -RRB- outage , -LRB- ventilation -LRB- stop , if the power goes out and the ventilation stops for more than forty minutes , so everything has to be done in that time frame .
Otherwise , it 's very difficult to ensure their life safety .
Before the Great Tangshan Earthquake , the Kailuan Mine Bureau did a lot of work to establish feasible measures to ensure that underground miners safely escape dangers .
The Kailuan Mine Bureau set up an earthquake preparedness leadership group , organized at various levels , right .
What employees in critical departments were supposed to do , right , what the leaders in critical departments were supposed to do , it was all clearly spelled out .
In this document . It 's all clearly spelled out .
So when the big earthquake was near , they did n't panic , they were able to bring the miners back up safely .
So only seven men died .
The Kailuan Mine Bureau , following the principle that it is better to have a thousand days without an earthquake than one day of unpreparedness , and based on the idea that there will be an earthquake , a large earthquake , and soon , constantly focused on underground earthquake - proofing work .
Moreover , they did n't stop with written earthquake preparedness measures ; they transferred a lot of human and physical resources to carry out shoring - up and maintenance work aboveground and underground .
So in terms of the Kailuan Mine Bureau , they certainly did n't pin all their hopes on someone issuing an earthquake forecast .
What they did pin their hopes on was , I do n't care what day the earthquake occurs on , I 'm not afraid .
Every day , maybe they said , taking this whatchamacallit , I mean .
It 's like , they were kind of thinking , let 's maintain this army for a thousand days even if we only use it for one hour .
, , every day you have an earthquake and , , I just do what I 'm supposed to do .
What do I mean when I say I just do what I 'm supposed to do ?
From %pw , on the day they established the earthquake office , they began paying attention to earthquake forecasting .
Their focus on earthquake forecasting was , I mean , whenever the earthquake hits , the Kailuan Mine Bureau says we have to assure the miners underground .
It 's no good if we ca n't , , get the miners back up .
When the Great Tangshan Earthquake hit , the Kailuan Mine Bureau was situated in the extreme quake zone .
Eight mines and one under construction were all in the 9 to 11 intensity zone .
More than 70 % of the buildings collapsed or were seriously damaged ; the power grid , the transport system and mineshaft elevators , ventilation and drainage facilities were severely damaged .
At the time , about half the Kailuan miners were stuck underground .
In the moment that the earthquake hit , how could they be gotten out ?
At the time , how to get them out , , , at the time , this involved several problems , very typical ones .
Um , for example , , the Lu jiatuo mine had a vertical - shaft ladder , and at the time there were more than a thousand people in the mine , male , female , old and young .
At the time it seemed like , the mine 's deputy manager , Jia Bangyou , he was very calmly commanding over a thousand people , keeping them not panicked .
First thing was avoiding panic , at every level , whatever responsibility was to be shouldered , you had to shoulder it , we just spoke about that , so there was a clear division of labor .
More than a thousand people , you can imagine if there was n't excellent organization , a few would get trampled .
I was thinking , a few will get trampled .
At the time , Jia Bangyou said , go to a station at the mine 's mouth , women comrades come up first .
After all the women comrades had gone up , the new workers went up .
There were regulations , , they had it in the document in writing , new workers go up .
After the new workers had all gone up , the experienced older workers went up .
Finally , the CCP members came up last , and at the time Jia Bangyou said , CCP members come up last .
At the mouth of the mine , the people who had come up first did n't leave , they stayed right there , enduring the aftershocks , and they waited right through to past 8:00 a.m. .
Jia Bangyou finally came back up to the surface safely .
Not one of the Lu jiatuo Mine 's underground personnel had been lost ; more than a thousand people escaped death deep underground in this dangerous situation .
They created an inspiring miracle underground , but it was not by accident .
I really admire this group of CCP members who were at the Lu jiatuo Mine in 1976 .
The CCP members who were at the Lu jiatuo Mine in 1976 were the last to come up .
Uh , after they had come up , no one at the mouth of the mine had left .
Why ?
Their mine boss , Jia Bangyou , had not yet come up .
Men , women , old and young were all at the mouth of the mine , not going anywhere .
Jia Bangyou came up , took a look at the crowd , all waiting there quietly , and he was very moved at that time .
He said , Go on ! All of you go home ! Go see whether your families are still alive .
!
Qinglong County successfully issued the imminent earthquake warning , and 470,000 people in the entire county got through the disaster unscathed .
The Kailuan Mine Bureau has lost only seven out of 10,000 of its mine workers , which is a miracle of disaster preparedness .
And in the final analysis their success was manifested in their focusing on earthquakes .
Possibly we should say , if , before the quake , the relevant national departments had taken seriously the news of the earthquake forecast , would the casualties have been so high ?
If it had been , it would n't have been such a tragedy .
There simply would n't have been such a tragedy . If there had been communication at all levels , and the people of Tangshan had been warned . Uh , even if you do n't have a definite date .
You ca n't determine July 28 at 3:42 , that 's impossible .
But there 's an approximate time frame , when the relatively big earthquake will probably occur , and that kind of a notice ought to be given out .
And what exactly do you think was the reason that this was n't done ?
The precise reason it was n't done , you could say there were many factors involved .
But the main factor , I believe , is that it was n't taken seriously enough at the time , it was n't taken seriously enough .
Even though the Tangshan seismic monitoring network had , so many earthquake warning signs , uh ,
every province and city has so many emergency reporting offices , look at Tianjin , Beijing , Hebei , they all have emergency reporting stations .
, they all had earthquake forecast opinions , but they did n't attract enough attention .
When you did your investigation , and you discovered that at the time China 's level was such as to be able to predict this earthquake , what did you think ?
How can I explain this ?
In earthquake forecasting , success means succeeding in your probing of the situation , and failure means failing in your probing .
, I mean , the National Seismology Bureau should have predicted this earthquake coming .
Rather , it 's in , the attitudes of some of the officials of the National Seismology Bureau .
For example , , you take seriously , you come , your underlings forcefully request a meeting , you meet with them and you do it .
If you ca n't make a decision , it 's a matter of your level .
Some of our officials are n't --
This is also an issue that perplexes a lot of people , why is it that the masses ' community monitoring stations can pick up abnormal data , but the specialists , the experts , do n't detect anything ?
All I can say is , this is the sadness of 240,000 wronged souls of Tangshan .
Really .
The local people all saw it coming .
This book of mine , uh , on the title page I write , I wrote this for the people of the Tangshan Earthquake Monitoring Network ; I respectfully represent the 240,000 dead .
I really wrote that I represented the dead , I do n't represent the living .
I respectfully represent the 240,000 Tangshan dead , and to the people of the former Tansghan , earthquake monitoring network , you predicted the Great Tangshan Earthquake , you reported the emergency , you made every effort .
You are the pride of the people of your home town !
We love you ! And we pray for you !
In your view , is it more important to maintain social stability in the region around the capital , or is it more important that a major earthquake may cost the lives of many people ?
, in my view , of course it 's human life , definitely more important than anything else , that is my final appeal in my book .
My appeal , one , this one , this one little crux .
Life is more important than anything else !
Regardless whether you 're , any country , any region , any race , any political party , people 's dignity , people 's lives are more important than anything else .
This has always been the pain in the hearts of many Chinese seismologists .
Before the Great Tangshan Earthquake , China had medium - long - range forecasts , it had annual forecasts , it had imminent forecasts .
But in the end , the tragic result was that 240,000 people lost their lives .
We should say there is a profound lesson in this .
Why do you believe that the leaders involved need to take responsibility for this ?
Maybe for them it was just an inadvertent mistake , or an oversight .
I believe they ought to , , have held a meeting , and maybe reduced the losses .
Therefore the Tangshan earthquake , I still say , we are not at the levels , , to forecast on time , on July 28 , 1976 , at approximately 3:42 .
But we are at the level where we can say , in late July or early August , in that week of time ,
, this all could have been said .
We 're not at the level to report that Tangshan City , the small area of Fengnan in Tangshan , but we can report for the Beijing , Tianjin , Tangshan and Zhangjiakou area .
, we have already , very clearly said that .
We ca n't correctly predict a 7.8 earthquake , but we can forecast an above 5.0 , even above 6.0 , or even that not excluding a 7.0 earthquake , that we can say .
If you look at the Tangshan disaster records , many people might get the impression that the Great Tangshan earthquake was not just a natural disaster , but that it was made up of many human disasters .
How do you see that ?
, , , it 's a question I ca n't answer clearly here , I mean , to be precise , , in addition to a natural disaster it 's also a human disaster .
That included at the time , , in terms of politics , certainly some campaigns like the Gang of Four , had an effect , , that 's one thing .
But , I mean , people who are responsible for the earthquake - related decision - making , they did n't do their duty and their responsibility to their utmost .
The price paid for the Great Tangshan Earthquake was 240,000 lives tragically lost , and that will forever be part of history ;
what lessons should mankind learn from this great disaster ?
Can the tragedy of the Great Tangshan Earthquake ever be repeated ?
What is even more unexpected is that two Chinese seismologists who precisely predicted the Tangshan quake and who have spent a lifetime doing earthquake research coincidentally believe that China has not made progress in earthquake forecasting levels , but has actually gone backwards .
If the thing were to , happen in today 's China , do you think disaster could be avoided ?
Now it could not be avoided , now China does n't have , uh , this capacity .
So in terms of China , it does n't have this capacity .
In today 's China the level of earthquake forecasting , I believe , compared to before the Tangshan earthquake , has fallen , has slipped by a wide margin .
If we were once again to continue focusing on earthquake preparedness as before Premier Zhou died , with the policy of the experts and the masses working together , and combining Chinese and foreign methods , then , earthquake forecasting would be on the right track again .
Now we 're , out of two legs , missing one leg .
Experts and the masses working together , with the masses monitoring and working on preparedness , it 's all , been weakened .
And that 's very disturbing .
Looking at it in terms of the Great Tangshan Earthquake , monitoring and preparedness by the masses and monitoring of ground stress have already been proven ;
they should be effective , so why are n't they being taken seriously ?
But that ca n't be , , the Seismology Bureau system , uh , acknowledges , oh !
In the , '80s , exactly which year I 'm not sure , a conference was held in Quanzhou , we who believe in monitoring and preparedness by the masses call it the three earths , earth electricity , earth stress , and earth magnetism , they denied it all .
I say the method of monitoring and preparedness by the masses used before the Tangshan quake , and methods that produced this prediction .
And also before an earthquake in coastal cities , the method of monitoring and preparedness by the masses , in
In June of 2004 , the Shanxi Yongji Peasants Association was formally established ; it now has 3,800 members .
Accordingly , this is the first peasant organization to be legally registered and designated a peasant association since the founding of the PRC .
Its president is Zheng Bing .
She says that two years before that they were already calling themselves a peasant association .
At the time the association was just set up , it ran into an issue .
It really tested the association 's ability to deal with problems .
The school built a classroom building and put a lock on the gate door .
They invested more than 400,000 ; although they were poor , several hundred family heads made a ruckus .
The secretary telephoned , can our association get involved and resolve this matter .
I myself put up 1,000 yuan , and with 19 people we put together 10,000 yuan , and we went to negotiate with the contractor .
In the end , the contractor came around and let the kids go into the classrooms to attend classes .
The entire problem was resolved smoothly , and it greatly increased the prestige of the peasant association in the eyes of the local villagers .
But why did a peasant organization get involved in a matter that should have been resolved by the village Party committee ?
Will peasant associations become a direction of organized rural development ?
With these questions in mind , this reporter came to Yongji in Shanxi to get the scoop .
In fact I 'd heard about Zheng Bing 's aggressive approach early on .
But when I saw her , I felt she was someone who really wanted to be low key .
The minute I met her , she told me that what she did was terribly ordinary , and basically was n't worth our looking into .
And she spoke about her family , her husband and child , and she looked concerned and haggard .
And she would often sigh .
But when the subject of the Peasants Association comes up , and when talked about how she was organizing peasants and helping them improve the quality -LRB- of their lives -RRB- , Zheng Bing 's face lights up with a dazzling smile .
If you go 13 kilometers west of Yongji in Shanxi , you come to Zhaizi Village .
The Yongji Peasants Association has its headquarters at the entrance to Zhaizi Village .
Previously , Zheng Bing and her husband ran a chemical fertilizer store here .
Now , they have donated the fertilizer store to the Peasants Association .
Back in '97 , why did you think of giving technical training to the peasants ?
It was kind of by accident .
Um , at the time , my husband ran , uh , the Zhaizi Technical Center , on the banks of the Yellow River , which provided farmer 's financial services to the peasants .
While I was helping my husband , I discovered that the peasants were investing the money to buy fertilizer in a very haphazard way .
Also , many of those peasants who came into the store to buy fertilizer , they 'd come into the store , and they really did n't have a clue , and they 'd think , So - and - so is buying that , so I 'll buy that , and they basically did n't know , they did n't go and choose something based on what their own land needed .
Was it easy to get teachers to come to the village to give classes ?
The first time , in fact , the first time was unimaginable .
At the time , the attendance on that day , it was n't something like that .
The first time , organizing the first time , , at the time that Zhaizi Technical Center was seven or eight li from our village , and it was on the banks of the Yellow River !
At the time I was afraid to ask the teacher to come because the peasants might not come to hear him , so at the time I ran from village to village , I went around organizing .
I spent two months running around to the ten villages that surround our village .
Um , and at each village , I would go around trying to find out who had the most technology awareness .
Then I 'd go to them face to face and say , We 're planning to hold a technical training ; would you be willing to come ?
Finally , from the ten villages , I chose 80 women .
Then I got them to bring peasants from surrounding area altogether .
Were there people who could not get in to the class ?
More than 400 people came to the class that day .
So I went to ten villages , but it was n't just the 80 people , they all brought people from the surrounding area .
The class went on from just after 10 in the morning until five in the afternoon .
Hey , when that class was over , many of the peasants had a lot of feedback .
Hey , , the class went great .
This class earned Zheng Bing more than she had expected .
Nearby villagers all heard about this terrific person who dug deep into her own pockets to provide an agricultural seminar for everybody .
And they all loved coming to the technical services center to buy things .
The next year , this shop of Zheng Bing 's took in more than 60,000 yuan .
Furthermore , this center of hers became an agricultural technology exchange center for the surrounding area .
Whenever villagers would run into some agricultural production issue , they all liked to come here to look for answers .
How many times since the end of '98 have you held similar training sessions ?
Since December of '98 , each year we 've held four to six training sessions .
Do you still need to provide the money for them ?
Um , not necessarily .
Starting in '99 , because in '98 , for that one training session , I spent 1,300 yuan .
And that year , the income I counted was 4,000 yuan .
Therefore if we did a training session four times a year we were n't earning as much as we had to spend .
Then , in '99 , I went to our agricultural bureau , and to our municipal women 's association , because most of the people attending the training sessions were women .
When I went to our agricultural bureau , I thought , huh , the agricultural bureau has all those technical personnel , they ought to provide services to the peasants .
So , starting in '99 , the municipal women 's association was very supportive of us , and they liaised for us in getting teachers from the agricultural bureau and the water conservancy bureau .
If we invited technicians from our Yongji city , it 's free of charge .
Starting with the technical training , the Yongji peasant cooperative organization began to take shape .
Aside from attening the classes , the peasants began to make demands of Zheng Bing , asking her to undertake some projects .
Zheng Bing thereupon set up a poultry - raising project , serving as guarantor for it ; she helped the peasants take out a loan from a credit union for 150,000 to participate in this project .
Did you ever think what you 'd do if they could't pay off this 150,000 yuan when it came due ?
Um , at the time , I did n't think about it ; probably because I was so positive about it .
But then it actually failed , alas !
A year later , it , failed , nobody paid back the money , and the credit union came after us .
But I did n't feel any regret , I looked for the reasons .
How could it have failed ?
So the 150,000 yuan , the head of the credit union wanted to take me to court , he said , I should pay it back , and I said what I was responsible for I would take care of .
If nobody wanted to pay it back , I would gradually pay it off .
But I could n't pay it all back in one year .
Then I telephoned him : given my actual circumstances , if I pay it back in six years , is that OK ?
The head of the credit union said it was n't OK , , he wanted to take me to court , he wanted to shut down , uh , my store , and even confiscate my home .
In a farming village , 150,000 yuan is no small sum .
This burdensome debt took Zheng Bing 's breath away .
Her husband 's not understanding and blaming her added to Zheng Bing 's psychological burden .
With this enormous , difficult - to - bear pressure on her , she did not understand how a good thing could turn out this way , and Zheng Bing left home .
But because Zheng Bing was the guarantor , the credit union still took Zheng Bing to court .
But then how was it that the credit union let you go ?
They did n't shut down your shop again or require you to mortgage the shop .
At the time they filed a lawsuit against me , and the lawyer also came !
After the lawyer came , he explained these things to me , he said , the credit union has already filed suit against you .
I said , well then I still can not help with it .
The lawyer asked me , from A to Z , what happened ?
So I explained it all faithfully .
After I explained it , the lawyer looked all astonished .
He said , I 'll go see the credit union , and -LRB- ask them -RRB- not to file a lawsuit .
So the lawyer sorted it all out .
So after the lawyer arranged it all , the head of the credit union said , finally we 've reached an agreement , and you can pay it back over six years .
So as of right now , I still have 65,000 yuan to pay .
So next year when the time expires , will you be able to pay off this 65,000 yuan ?
65,000 yuan from the start , , if I do n't provide any more services to the peasants , I can pay it off .
But the peasants need lots of services .
Ho !
There 's no way to stop it .
So , I discussed it with the credit union .
They 'll defer the interest for each year .
Each year I 'll give them the interest .
Then they can push the six years back again .
But it 's good that they can understand and agree to do it this way .
Yow ! Do n't shoot , do n't shoot -LRB- the film of -RRB- me , I do n't cry .
Originally I was thinking I 'd help the peasants to raise their incomes , but because of that I took on a debt of 150,000 yuan , and I got taken to court .
In 1999 Zheng Bing quit her job as a teacher .
However , in running the fertilizer store , she often gave credit to poor peasants , which made her to have 110,000 yuan of credit could not be collected .
Zheng Bing thought of a way to resolve this problem , but she absolutely never imagined that because of it she would nearly end up in prison .
Selling to them on credit like that , were n't you concerned that you would n't be able to get the money back in the future ?
Ho ! If I could not collect on that big amount , I was thinking how will I be able to give the peasants credit to solve the peasants ' real problems ?
And how could I keep this from having a negative impact ?
I discovered that peasants are not entirely having no money .
So then , I was thinking , could n't the peasants join up with us in this fertilizer store by becoming shareholders ?
Given the seasonal nature of peasant income , they 'd have to invest about 50 yuan each time .
So then , in practice , I let the peasants invest 50 yuan for each mu of land , invest , 50 yuan .
Then , after you 've become a shareholder , you can come at any time to get fertilizer .
Then , at the end of the year , , we 'll settle up the differences .
And the amount you invested , if you 've invested , then we 'll take your money and buy fertilizer , sell fertilizer .
That is , the peasants bring in their own , and our store will take the peasants ' money and run , the fertilizer store .
And was n't there anyone who said to you that this approach may have been considered an illegal way of raising capital ?
Yes , and I thought , this village , how come good things are so difficult to do ?
The first year I did uh , eight ; in our village I did 20 households .
It had no impact .
By the second year , I began to really deal with everybody , and they all knew , and I made it public .
Good grief ! At first , , that credit union , Good grief ! That service , everywhere they were saying Zheng Bing is raising capital illegally .
Look , she 's cheating you out of your money !
If she could cheat you out of several tens of thousands and then she could leave the country !
These things really shook up our government .
Our people 's bank , our association , they all came .
After they all came , they said to me , Zheng Bing , we need to investigate your business .
I said , why do you need to investigate ?
They said , we hear that you 're raising capital illegally .
Because there , leaders of different sectors from our city , they all came here to us .
When they said illegally raising capital , I was startled .
I said , if it 's raising capital illegally , I 'll shut down right away , I wo n't do it anymore .
An accusation of raising capital illegally is not a small matter .
The bank investigated the matter ,
later it was persuaded and prevented by the city of Yongji .
Therefore Zheng Bing , fed up with scare , even though she was convinced that she should give up , she was really unwilling .
After thorough consideration , Zheng Bing made a surprising decision ; she donated the fertilizer store , with all of the profits going to pay the activity expenses of the peasant association .
Essentially this fertilizer store enabled your family to earn money ; why did you want to give it away ?
Because at the time everybody had become a shareholder , and once they had , it was everybody 's business .
You ca n't take everybody 's business and run it as your own , to make money for yourself .
So at the time I told my husband about this , and my husband , he did n't agree .
Then do n't let everybody become a shareholder .
Do n't let them become shareholders , then we 'll , be able to loan the money and get the business going .
Oh ! But I felt , the peasants , they need this kind of service .
Who would have guessed that my husband would be strongly opposed .
I worked with him again and again .
Finally , he agreed .
Since then , no one is saying anymore that she is raising capital illegally .
Bing Zheng , who sacrificed her own profits , gradually got the peasant association working better and better .
And a thing that came next made the villagers not only see that Zheng Bing had a spirit of sacrifice , but her organizing skills also could instill confidence in people .
In organizing the village women , how did the dancing part come about ?
I said why could n't it be , like the women in the city , dancing in the summer .
They said what ? How can we be compared to the city ?
I said , why ca n't we be compared to the city ?
That day I went , to the women 's association , The women 's association gave us that , our Yongji , invited teachers from the Chunlei kindergarten .
Wow !
That first time , the first afternoon , We first got together 20 - some women in our village to dance .
That afternoon we basically did n't dance a step ,
We laughed all afternoon .
Laughed at what ?
They were embarrassed !
Hah !
, how can we dance !
Because at the time , in the courtyard of our home , The teacher was , extremely conscientious , and they were all laughing hard .
The whole afternoon , we did n't learn a single step .
But I saw that they were so , that kind , excited , and I felt , maybe this is the beginning of a new life .
So I persisted .
I persisted for a month .
Just imagine , 80 % of our village , that is 120 women joined in .
After a series of women 's activities , the spirit of villagers in Zhaizi Village had changed .
On Lunar January 1 , 2003 , Zheng Bing organized a large get - together in which the men participated .
There was a women 's stage performance , and the men held a chess tournament .
After that , it became popular among the villagers to call it the peasants ' association .
But in the end dancing and playing chess do n't achieve any real benefits for the villagers .
Not long after , Zheng Bing and the key members of the peasants ' association did something that allowed the villagers to see the direct advantages of the peasants ' association .
When was the village construction council established ?
Why did you want to set up this body ?
Our village had a reputation locally as having messy , messy lanes .
Yikes !
After it rained , it was really tough to walk , so we went to the village committee .
At the time our village had a secretary who doubled as village head .
We went to see him .
We spoke to him three times , and they 'd always say no .
The reason they said no was , our village committee had no money .
We considered the village committee 's hardship ,
and the villagers discussed it collectively .
They decided to set up a village construction council , to focus on fixing up the lanes .
Indeed , why were you confident that you could handle the matters that the village committee was n't able to ?
Because we all discussed things together , very intensely .
Because , first of all , these lanes are a matter of concern to all of us .
And if we do it ourselves , why should n't we be able to get it done ?
But the fact is that you yourselves selected the village construction council .
Yes .
And it 's an autonomous institution , might it not clash with the village committee ?
There were no clashes .
For the selection , we did the selection ; if our village committee wanted to do this , it had this objective difficulty .
And now this village construction council of ours , there 's nobody who has anything against it .
So there 's none of this feeling of dependency .
So it 's possible to convince every family , every household to mobilize .
Because , it 's everybody agreed .
In the end , it was actually very difficult to get this thing done , to complete it .
According to a Yongji official , the reason the Zhaizi Village peasant association has had such a big impact , one major reason is the paralysis of the village committee .
Many of the things that the village committee was originally supposed to do the peasants ' association now does .
The peasants have seen that the association has safeguarded for the peasants ' interests at crucial times .
Zhaizi Village has a total of 263 households .
The number of households that became members of the association went from over a hundred before the lanes were fixed to more than 200 .
On June 7 of last year , the Yongji Peasants ' Association was formally registered at the Civil Administration Bureau of Yongji City .
Its legal representative is Zheng Bing .
In November 2004 , the first business operated by the peasants ' association after it was registered , the Zhaizi Village Paint Plant , was set up and went into production .
In the shareholding issue , Zheng Bing and the association members ran into a succession of problems .
For construction capital , they adopted the member shareholding approach , with a total of 300 shares at 300 yuan per share .
Zheng Bing 's idea was that each member household could hold a maximum of three shares .
If they could n't sell that number of shares , they 'd let the members of the board of directors and its chairman buy shares .
But they could not exceed five shares and ten shares , respectively .
I heard many people say you made an arbitrary decision , with regard to the paint plant shareholding decision .
Some people wanted to hold controlling shares , but you strongly disagreed .
And you absolutely did n't want to hear other people 's opinions .
Yes .
, as we were organizing , , the paint plant , right away , at the meeting , they proposed , I want to hold controlling shares .
I said what we 're running is , a cooperative paint plant .
It 's not a joint - stock company , the paint plant , because we had already announced that information in advance .
So then we began squabbling at the meeting .
You ca n't do it this way ,
That way is too arbitrary .
I said , first you go home and study up on what the coop system is all about , then come back and we 'll talk .
If you think you really want to hold a controlling share , I suggest you set up a plant on paper .
Your aim in holding a controlling share , is n't it to use everybody 's capital to serve your own interests ?
But a short time later , everyone again clashed with Zheng Bing .
There are twelve households in the village that were categorized as retarded or disabled and extremely poor households .
Zheng Bing proposed giving one share to these households , with the capital coming from the association 's expenditures .
The 20 - plus directors and the chairman split up into seven groups to discuss the matter of giving shares to these twelve households ; not one person supported Zheng Bing 's idea .
But when Zheng Bing persisted , everyone finally agreed .
Just now you repeatedly used a word , quality .
What quality is it that you 're referring to ?
Every month we give the association members a report .
As we began this year , we put out a report , and , it presented a goal , to become the Number One Village in China within ten years .
The association is now experimenting in Zhaizi Village .
Of course , some people ask you , this Number One , what does that imply ?
I say , two things .
First , we want our villagers ' whole concept of the legal system to be the first in all of China .
Second , , we want the overall cultural quality of our villagers to be number one .
We are all set to be Number One in these two areas .
This is the 10 - year goal we have established for ourselves .
But if we want to achieve these two Number One's_ , it 's not just that you can say it and that 's it .
You have to constantly overcome your own traditional , conservative kinds of thinking and antiquated concepts .
You have to constantly challenge yourself .
So this quality thing , it really has a lot of meaning to it .
Now that she has quit her teaching job , donated away her own family store , and with the development of the peasant association , the biggest issue for her now is still that of money .
The peasants ' association does n't collect any membership dues ; the six technical service centers that belong to it give the members a two - yuan discount on each sack of fertilizer .
They also let members buy on credit and pay it off at harvest time .
So how much of your family 's own money have you contributed ?
If you really total it up , my family has paid out more than 200,000 .
For the peasants ' association , and organizing the peasants , you invested 200,000 - plus , such a huge sum , does n't that pain you ?
It does n't pain me ; I feel it 's very worthwhile .
Tonight the legendary Mike Wallace /.
And this time he answers the questions on everything from the indictment on the CIA leak investigation to the President 's new supreme court nominee /.
and he 'll take your phone calls too /.
Mike 's next on Larry King Live /.
Before we talk to Mike Wallace about his new book let 's check up on the Supreme Court appointment with Senator Sam Brownbeck Republican of Kansas /.
He 's a member of the Judiciary Committee /.
He 'll be voting on the senator /.
He voted for confirming John Roberts /.
Senator Chuck Schumer is a Democrat of New York member judiciary /.
Senator Schumer voted against the Robert 's nomination /.
And in Boston is David Gergen White house advisor to Presidents Nixon Ford Reagen and Clinton professor of public service at Harvard 's JFK school and editor at large /.
US News and World Report will start with David /.
It 's a safe bet that Sam Brownbeck is going to vote for him and Charles Schumer is going to vote against him /.
and the question would be why do n't they both wait until the hearing /?
Ah because we 've just come through such a contentious period on Harriet Myerrs and I think that the conservatives really wanted a hard right conservative and now they 've got him /.
They 've all come out and forced a celebrated /-
Pat Robertson called it a grand slam home run /.
And just as predicated I believe the left is going to come out on the attack /.
I think we 're heading toward a Donnybrook /.
It 's going to be really interesting to hear what these two senators have tonight to say about the prospects of a filibuster /.
Senator Brownbeck do n't the confirmation hearings count /?
Or is it over for you /.
he 's got a yes vote /.
The confirmation hearings do count /.
and it 's not over for me /.
I want to see how this nominee performs /.
I want to see what he has to say /.
I just heard his name this morning just started to look at his qualifications his background /.
I think he looks pretty good /.
but I ca n't give you an up or down yes or no now /.
That 's part of the process of advise and consent to get more information /.
Senator Schumer same question for you /.
Is it a down automatic /?
No not at all just as Sam said /.
On this we agree /.
Um we have to see who this nominee is /.
We have to study his record find out uh what he thinks /.
We 'll meet with him personally /.
and then there will be the hearing /.
So you do n't make up your mind /.
Obviously people have inclinations /.
My guess is Sam 's a little happier with the nomination than I am /.
but neither of us would state our position because we do n't have one /.
You ca n't be sure until you really meet the nominee and see what they 're like /.
Uh David Gergen if it got to a filibuster how harmful would that be to government /?
Well if it gets to a filibuster and I think that 's a very close call tonight whether it will eventually get there or not and the Republicans then have made it very clear that they would likely invoke the nuclear option /.
and that is to kill the filibuster and to kill filibusters in general /.
and then we 're going to have tribal warfare in Washington /.
We may not get there Larry /.
A lot depends /.
Uh the hearings do matter /.
People have to look more closely at the record /.
But I think both Senators are I think exactly right to say we 're going to wait and hold our positions /.
You can tell by the way the activists on both sides are lining up that this is going to be a Donnybrook /.
Senator Brownbeck you said that Bush picked the best person he could find when he nominated Harriet Myers /.
does that mean that Litos is second best /?
Well uh I do n't recall saying that /.
I 'm not sure where your producers came up with that particular statement /.
They came up with it /.
I did n't /.
Well huh OK I 'm not sure that was probably attributable to me /.
I had a lot of questions about Harriet Myers a lot more about /.
there was a lot less of a record on her than there is on Judge Litos /.
This is one I think we 're going to know a lot more about /.
and I think this is good for the process /.
We should know a judicial philosophy /.
We should have outstanding candidates put forward /.
I think everyone agrees this is an outstanding legal mind /.
and now let 's look at the judicial philosophy /.
I think he probably is a little more conservative /.
He 's probably not as far to the right as Ruth Bader Ginsburgh is to the left /.
uh but let 's take a look /.
and it 's going to take some time to see /.
Speaking of that Senator Schumer did you want a woman /?
Well all things being equal yes I would have preferred a woman /.
I believe in diversity /.
but uh the President made his choice /.
And Sam and I do agree on one thing Larry /.
and this is sort of interesting /.
we both agree that the nominee should state their judicial philosophy give us some idea of how he or if it were to be a she thinks on these issues /.
I think the days of the stealth nominee which Harriet Myers clearly was is over /.
You know Supreme Court Justices have tremendous tremendous power over every one of our lives /.
and the only time you really get to question them see what they think is when the Senate has its confirmation process /.
We agree that that ought to happen /.
it ought to happen in a dignified way /.
it ought to happen in thoughtful way /.
but it certainly ought to happen /.
He wo n't make the court if approved until January , right /?
Well I think that 's true /.
And you know that 's one thing that does worry me /.
because of the importance of this nomination there should n't be a rush through the procedure /.
Some were saying let 's get this done very quickly /.
That does a disservice /.
Judge Alito is fifty - five years old /.
He 's likely to be on the court for several decades having a huge effect not only on us but on our children maybe our grandchildren /.
and we ought to be careful and thoughtful above all /.
No rush here /.
should n't be /.
David Gergen on this program Bill Clinton said that often judges disappoint the presidents who appoint them because it 's the first time in their life they have a job where they 're not appealed and they also see things differently /.
Ah that 's true /.
I do not think that 's the case in this instance because Judge Alito does have a long record /.
He 's got fifteen years on the court of appeals /.
uh and the one thing we do know about him is that he 's had some forty - one dissents on that court almost always to the right of a court that has been fairly liberal /.
Uh and I think he has a consistent philosophy /.
Larry hmm the President deserves to be congratulated for now putting forward someone again who has experience and who is talented /.
There 's no question about that /.
He appears to be quite genial /.
I 'm sure he 'll do pretty well in the hearings /.
My sense is that this is ultimately going to come down to the question is the senate going to confirm someone who is going to be a reliable conservative and probably be voting consistently with Scalia and Thomas or will the Democrats be able to block that /?
and that 's a very big important battle over the judicial philosophy that ought to guide the court /.
Senator Brownbeck could he be a reliable conservative and still vote to uphold Roe vs. Wade /?
Well I think one could probably look at that /.
but I think that 's an unlikely way to consider it /.
Roe vs. Wade the right to an abortion that 's read into the constitution is not in the constitution /.
Uh and there 's a number of commentators from the left and right that agree that this is not in the constitution /.
It should be debated /.
It should be dealt with by legislators across the country /.
So I think he could read it that way /.
but it seems to me unlikely on somebody that would be more of a strict constructionist on the constitution /.
But he could uphold just on precedent , could he not /?
because he has said in the past that he favors precedent /.
I think almost every judge and justice favors precedent the role of starry decises that once a law is settled it 's settled /.
You know you look in our history /.
we 've had a number of cases in the supreme court that have been overturned by later courts /.
and thank goodness they did /.
Brown versus Board of Education is in my home state of Kansas /.
It overruled earlier laws that said segregation was OK /.
thankfully the court overturned those prior decisions /.
Chuck Schumer do you expect a battle /?
Well honestly let me just say I would have hoped that we could have avoided a battle /.
Do you honestly expect it /?
I would have hoped that the President would choose a real consensus nominee who would have much broader support /.
but I think what happened here is not a single senator for instance said that uh Harriet Myers ' nomination should be withdrawn /.
Sam may have been on the edge /.
but I do n't think he ever said it /.
It was only these very extreme groups that said it /.
and the President went along with them /.
And you know I got to tell you this Larry /.
I ca n't tell you what will happen with Judge Alito /.
I think it 's very close as David Gergen said /.
But any President who seeks to govern whether it 's court appointments or anything else from the extremes Democrats from the far left extreme Republicans from the far right extreme it does n't serve the country well /.
and it ends up not serving themselves well /.
David Gergen you have a prediction /.
or too early to tell /?
Too early to tell /.
Watch what some of the more moderate Democrats do /.
Watch what Olympia Snow Susan Colins and Lincoln Chaffey do on the Republican side /.
Those are going to be the swing votes /.
and it 's just way too early to tell /.
uh I think he 's reliably conservative /.
I think the issue becomes as the country gets to know what some of the individual decisions are whether the country is going to welcome this or not /.
I think it 's just too early to tell /.
I think it 's going to be a fight for both sides /.
Thank you senators Brownback and Schumer and David Gergen /.
Tomorrow night ambassador Joseph Wilson /.
former President Jimmy Carter on Wednesday /.
and senator John Mccaine on Thursday /.
And Mike Wallace is next /.
Do n't go away /.
It 's always a great pleasure to welcome him /.
he 's with us on my birthday /.
he shared a lot of my life /.
and I love him /.
and he 's my favorite personality of all time /.
he 's Mike Wallace /.
Corresponding too /-
Yeah you are /.
Oh Larry Larry Larry /.
for CBS News Sixty Minutes since its premiere in nineteen sixty eight /.
He was there from the get - go /.
He 's earned numerous awards including three Duponts and three Peabodies /.
and he 's got a terrific new memoir out including a DVD from clips from some of his most favorite interviews /.
The book is Between You and Me /.
There you see its cover /.
A terrific read /.
Before we get to the book a couple comments on matters of note /.
Mike what 's your read on Samuel Alito /?
You had two very articulate guests on just ahead of me /.
I do n't know much about the man /.
Do you /?
Nope /.
He looks like an amiable fellow /.
but really I just do n't know /.
And I gather that he does not like to be called Scalito as in Scalia /.
For whatever reason I do n't know /.
You do know by the way on the subject of Roe and Wade and so forth that his mother said Oh no he 's definitely against abortion /.
Hmm /.
He 's a nice catholic boy /.
and he does n't believe in abortions /.
Now what 's your read on the Libby indictment /?
Well that 's sad /.
It 's sad /.
And what it does is it brings the Vice President into play /.
You know something /?
There 's been very little talk lately uh about Dick Cheney /.
uh he 's kept his own counsel /.
He 's been very quiet about it /.
Who knows what he told Scooter Libby /.
uh And I believe I saw it today on CNN that there is a great group of anti Dick Cheney people now that has grown in this country and that they do n't like the fact that he 's so unaccountable /.
You do n't see him on the air /.
He does n't answer questions /.
um who knows /?
Anyway what do you make of news people being involved /?
Tim Russet may testify /.
June Miller goes to jail /.
Well look /.
You know something /?
We get more and more deeply involved in the things that we cover /.
We have a tendency to do it /.
You do it /.
People talk to you off the record /.
You have confidential sources all the time all kinds of people who talk to you /.
So uh have you been subpoenaed /?
No /.
Have you ever been subpoenaed in a like similar case where someone said something to you that you may have reported or not reported /?
Yes and we tried like the dickens to stay away from it /.
Pardon me /.
On the Westmoreland case when we were on trial for libel in the amount of a hundred and twenty million dollars and uh we had done an hour and a half show called /-
What the dickens you know something /.
this head is getting a little bit older /.
Do you have trouble with your memory /?
Yes !
You do /?
The older we get the harder it is /.
It is /.
It 's a fact /.
How about your hearing /?
Harder but not as hard as memory though /.
Memory is tough /.
And your glasses your eyes /?
they 're not terribly worse /.
but I 've worn glasses /-
See Mike /.
you 're the guest OK /?
Alright /.
So you went to court over Westmorland /.
In fact you told us in the past that added to your depression /.
Yeah that 's true /.
that 's what started the depression for the first time /.
I did n't realize what was happening /.
But to sit in a cold and drafty federal court room being called thief liar cheat etc by the /-
the uh plaintiff had first crack at me /.
And to sit there and listen to that kind of thing /.
believe me /.
all of the sudden I could n't sleep /.
I began to believe that maybe I was guilty /.
Ha it really was funny /.
Alright tell me about this unusual book a collection of memories and interviews a great memoir that also has a DVD /.
Give me the history of the book /.
Well first of all had you read it /-
I mean level with me /.
I told you /.
I told you off the air I 've read it /.
I did n't hear the DVD yet though /.
You did n't hear the DVD /?
No /.
You know something /?
First of all did you like the book /?
I said I love the book /.
it 's more than interesting /.
Find it interesting /?
Really /?
Well look at your career /.
Look at the people you 've talked to /.
How could it not be interesting /?
The wonderful is that uh over the years /-
Can you imagine back in nineteen fifty - seven being able to talk to Eleanor Roosevelt /?
And do you remember a man by the name of um here we go Westbrooke Peggler /?
Ah used to read him and hate him all the time /.
read him and hated him /.
That 's correct /.
Well I quoted to her in this interview back in nineteen hundred and fifty seven I was on ABC at the time /.
and what he had said about her /.
and what a vicious unpleasant lying etc etc etc /.
And she enjoyed it so much /.
Talk about a soft answer turning away red /.
I hope you have that maybe available there , that you have n't seen it /.
No I have n't seen it /.
I 've read it of course /.
Yeah I know /.
uh I do n't know if you 're going to be able to play any of these things or not /.
there was um /-
what I used to do Larry was occasionally make speeches as you know cause you 're making them all the time /.
and you show up /.
and you want to do a new speech something new give the audience something to chew on /.
but that gets to be a pain in the neck after a while /.
So /.
And it 's a very lucrative way to get from here to there /.
In any case what I used to do was set up a big screen in the hall /.
and then I would lead into something from uh you know the people that I had had before /.
Great idea /.
and maybe do five different people in the course of an hour questions and so forth /.
Well um it really was good /.
The people at the uh publisher heard about it saw it and said Hey somebody 's got a hell of a book /.
Boy were they right /.
Let me get a break /.
We 'll come right back /.
As we go to break the book is Between You and Me /.
and here are some clips from the DVD /.
Watch /.
And that 's definitely how it started /.
she 's a great mutual friend /.
and she 's a terrific lady /.
That was tough though , was n't it /?
That was tough /.
And you were the guy who straightened it out for me /.
In fact we 'll show the audience how we did that /.
Watch how we straightened it out /.
And I called her the next morning /.
and we patched the whole thing up /.
I know /.
Well we both adore her /.
We both adore her very well and admire her immensely /.
She 's such a special lady /.
why did n't we read her well years ago /?
How do you mean /?
I mean in the office /.
she had that fire lady kind of image in Washington /.
Oh well he listened to her /.
her husband listened to her /.
and she got involved in politics more than we know /.
And when she wanted to get rid of Donald Reegan /.
Remember when they used to live in that little branch house /?
Yeah /.
I got to tell you /-
Have you talked to her lately /?
Uh about a month ago was the last time /.
I hope I 'll call her tomorrow and we 'll have dinner /.
give her my love /.
uh the fact of the matter is that uh she 's been having some trouble with her back /.
Yeah I know /.
And she fell /.
yeah she fell and /-
Well she 's an adorable woman /.
In any case /-
Oh are we going to hear this now /?
No You 're not scaring me though there 's something you know we do n't know Mike /?
What are you talking about /?
I mean about Nancy /.
like you seem troubled /.
Well no not troubled /.
Look /.
she 's not a child anymore /.
and you I know feel the same way about her /.
She 's one of my favorite people on the planet /.
I know it /.
I know /.
Mhm /.
Now let 's get a break and come back with more /.
We 'll take calls too for Mike Wallace /.
The book is Between You and Me with the DVD /.
And that rhymes /.
and we 'll be right back /.
Great moment in the book /.
That 's Clint Hill the secret service man when the Kennedy assassination /-
What was that like for you /?
Oh look /.
the anguish in that man 's heart /.
if we could see a little bit more of that I 'd be grateful /.
he believed that he was responsible for JFK dying /.
And I forget exactly how we got to talk to him /.
I believe it was seventy - five /.
Yeah it was /.
and all of the sudden he began to /-
I mean listen to some of this /.
We do n't have more of it /.
but it 's a /-
and that /-
how much of it 's on the DVD /?
it 's about three minutes long Larry /.
uh He really believed that he was responsible /.
he had a nervous breakdown and so forth /.
Mmm /.
had it on the air /.
Happily happily /.
Huh /?
Looks like he had it on the air /.
That 's correct /.
he was feeling that way /.
The book by the way is Between You and Me /.
the DVD comes with it /.
Incredible with this incredible career that you have never interviewed George W. Bush /.
I 've never met him /.
How come /?
Never met him /?
when he was governor of Texas I went down there to do a piece on um Tort Reform /.
and Rove made up his mind that uh we were on the wrong side of that issue /.
and I did n't know him then he said Mr. Wallace you 're not going to talk to the governor /.
We know that your mind is made up /.
so we 're not going to let you talk to him /.
OK so we did the piece anyway /.
Uh what happened then was when he came to the White House I figured well come on /.
the time has come /.
I mean I 've talked to every President since Abe Lincoln and every first lady since Martha Washington /.
uh reminds me from time to time /.
But seriously uh he just said Forget it /.
you 're not going to talk to him /.
and I have never met forget talked to George W. Bush /.
Did Rove give you a reason /?
After /.
Forget the Tort Reform and governor /.
Did he give you a reason when he was President why you could n't interview him /?
Karl Rove does n't like me ha which of course makes /-
Because /?
Who the dickens knows /?
Who knows /?
I have no idea why /.
Well you know that this is the tightest White House going as far as uh really talking candidly is concerned uh and the most secretive if you will /.
Both the President and the Vice President they do n't like the press /.
And they particularly do n't like people who might ask uh interesting questions or abrasive questions or whatever /.
People do n't know this /.
but we did this in interview a long time ago in Miami /.
you were offered the job of press secretary by Richard Nixon /.
Indeed I was /.
And you know something /?
I was offered the job as press secretary to Richard Nixon /.
and we got along like a /.
and I 'll tell you who I really got along with was Patricia Nixon /.
Really /?
oh she was a lovely woman /.
and I travelled with him because he was thought to be a loser so he was happy to you know have me come along with him and the kids Julie and Tricia and Pat Nixon /.
And uh she was obviously a bruised woman because of the way that that whole Watergate thing was coming down /.
and um that 's one person I really really wanted to do an interview with /.
but she was scared /.
she would n't do it /.
Probably the least known first lady /.
That 's correct /.
And a lovely lovely woman /.
You know it was Gloria Steinam I believe that called her plastic Pat /.
Yeah /.
The least plastic individual that I 've ever met /.
We 're going to go to calls for Mike Wallace and take a break /.
And uh when we come back the book is Between You and Me /.
and here is Mr. Wallace with Mr. Nixon /.
What a life /.
Wallace Wallace Wallace Mike Wallace /.
The book is Between You and Me with a DVD accompanying it /.
Terrific read /.
Toronto Canada /.
We got to some calls /.
Hello /.
Hi there Mike /?
Yeah /.
Uh first of all I just wanted to say that uh uh when I first came to Canada here I got my political education watching those CBS broadcasts /.
Ah /.
with uh Walter Cronkite and Charles uh Kerald and Eric Severide /.
Um it was a great broadcast /.
Course /.
I got to tell you when I um joined that group Cronkite Severide Kerald and so forth that was like being admitted to the mother church /.
Ha ha /.
What 's the question sir /?
OK actually I had this question before you started uh talking about uh Karl Rove /.
Uh you had mentioned uh that you find it rather uh odd I guess the silence of Dick Cheney or maybe not so odd but he has been silent /.
but I find it uh not only bizarre but uh just unfathomable how George Bush has been silent about Karl Rove /.
He does n't talk about him much , does he Mike /?
He does n't talk about him at all /.
Does n't get asked about him /.
we know that it was Rove who helped to make him a governor and who helped to make him president /.
and uh would n't it be wonderful to find out more about what Rove had to do with all of the stuff that we 've been reading about /?
Well we know he had something to do /.
He 's named in the indictment /.
but he 's not indicted /.
that 's correct /.
Yeah /.
Bakersfield California hello /.
Hello between you and me you gentlemen continue to make a major contribution to the citizens of this country /.
So I 'd like the two brains that I see in front of me to answer this question to which I 've been unable to find an answer /.
If we truly even for a moment believed that there were weapons of mass destruction why did we send in ground forces /?
Thank you /.
You mean rather than what /?
if we believe there were weapons of mass destruction why would we send in ground forces /?
Oh I see /.
Why would we put them at peril /?
You know something /?
uh listen that 's a good question /.
Very good huh uh /.
And what they did was as you remember /-
And I was astonished when I saw that they /-
You remember Shock and Awe /?
Yeah /.
The United States attacking Iraq and telling the world that we were going to shock and awe the world with the attack that we were going to make on /-
I mean and it was George Tennet was it not who said it 's a slam dunk /.
Yep /.
That there were weapons of mass destruction there /.
That 's a good question did we put our boys male and girls and women at peril /.
Mhm /.
Hello hello Jay Georgia hello /.
Ah thank you Larry /.
And Mike I loved your book /.
It was great /.
And toward the end of the book you said Secretary Putin of Russia had asked you to come over and interview him /.
Had you done that /?
Uh and I 'd like to know about it /.
Thank you so much /.
Yeah /.
I did interview Putin yes /.
on the sixtieth anniversary of the uh end of World War Two he asked me to come on over and interview him /.
And it was carried uh in a lot of places /.
But I tell you something /.
Putin to my way of thinking who calls himself a democrat /-
He 's not our kind of democrat /.
but I have admiration for him /.
I think he 's an honorable man /.
well he 's done a very good job for Russia /.
and he 'll be fifty five at the end of his second term /.
and he said he 's not going to run for another term because it would be destabilizing not going to ask to change the constitution /.
I asked him almost as a joke uh uh I tell you what why do n't you go into journalism /?
Money is good /.
age does n't make a heck of a lot of difference ha ha /.
He looked at me like I was crazy /.
but who knows /.
Did n't you find him as I found him easy to be around /?
Putin /?
Yeah /.
Oh absolutely /.
Very good idiomatic English /.
He spoke on camera in Russian /.
but uh I admire the man /.
Me too /.
We 'll take a break and be back with more of Mike Wallace /.
This is a great book Between You and Me /.
It 's hard to forecast things in life /.
This is going to be a major best seller /.
Do n't go away /.
The prophetic Malcolm X /.
Topeka Kansas with Mike Wallace /.
The book Between You and Me /.
Hello /.
Good evening /.
Hi /.
I 'd like to ask Mr. Wallace if he 's ever turned down an inter- /-
Turned down a what /?
Interview /.
Turned down an interview /?
Were you ever asked by CBS to say go do this guy /.
and you said no /?
If so I do n't remember /.
No I do n't think so /.
Orlando Florida hello /.
Mike I wanted to know /.
Go ahead /.
the first time I was in New York I saw a nice looking young man on TV in a show Mike and Buffy /.
was that you /?
That was me he he /.
That was me and Buff Cobb who was my /-
That 's not Buff talking , is it /?
No no ha ha /.
cause Buff is up in New Hampshire /.
She lives in a home up there /.
She 's not well /.
Um yeah she and I used to do a show on CBS when I first came to New York /.
and it was a fascinating /.
it was a little bit like Regis and uh Kathy or uh Regis and Kelly /.
But you were married , right /?
Yes /.
What was it like to do a show with the wife /?
Not easy /.
Ha ha /.
I 'm serious /.
You know uh I 'd love to see that /.
uh We used to bicker on the air /.
and what happened was after a while the bickering continued after we got off the air /.
After you got off the air /.
You know what I mean /.
I know /.
Detroit hello /.
Hi /.
Hi /.
How are you /?
Fine /.
Mr. Wallace this is a big pleasure for me to talk to you /.
But um uh what is your most difficult interview that you had in Sixty Minutes the most difficult person that you could have ever interviewed /?
I think probably the Aiatola really because he was not anxious to do it /.
It was um just after the US hostages had been taken in Iran /.
and I was surprised that he was willing to talk to us /.
and it was a very very difficult business /.
We did it in the holy city of which uh we /-
and the circumstances were difficult /.
They took good care to see that we did n't get into trouble /.
Ha ha /.
We 'll take a break /.
And he just /-
We 'll be back with more of Mike Wallace /.
The book is Between You and Me /.
the DVD is included /.
oh what can one say it 's a terrific work /.
We 'll be right back /.
That voice was the subject of The Insider /.
That man /.
that man remains my hero /.
Jeff Wygan who took on the tobacco cartel if you will /.
And you remember when all those guys who ran the companies raised their hands and said Oh it 's not addictive /.
they knew it was addictive /.
And he has succeeded /.
I mean really he has succeeded /.
He runs a foundation for Smoke Free Kids /.
and he 's gotten all kinds of success in all kinds of ways in foreign countries and so forth /.
The man is my hero /.
And you are mine /.
And we have a minute and a half left /.
I know you 're asked this all the time /.
but how long you going to keep on keeping on /.
How long you /-
you know what the dickens would I do /?
what would I do /?
How long are you going to keep doing what you 're /-
Yeah but you 're /-
How old are you Mike /?
Eighty - seven /.
can you imagine /?
I 'm going to be seventy - two /.
so you 're fifteen years older than me /.
That 's why I feel like a kid compared to you /.
/.
I do n't know about that /.
Ha ha you 're an adolescent /.
I would pray to be eighty - seven /.
You taking care of yourself /?
Yeah /.
you /?
Yeah /.
Is everything OK /?
Everything is fine /.
you 're a good man Larry /.
Well they do n't come like Mike Wallace /.
I just love you /.
Bless you /.
One other quick thing /.
Mhm /.
Did you want people to squirm /?
Of course /.
So that was your role to get them /.
Of course of course of course /.
that was the role I played sure /.
And I love Johnny Carson 's line to you /.
I did n't uh steel any tires /-
That 's correct /.
You know the sad thing about that /?
Oh look at that /.
Look /.
it 's safer /.
And that whole crowd /.
Yeah we 're out of time /.
What was the sad thing quickly about Carson /?
That he smoked /.
He killed himself /.
Yeah /.
Right to the end too /.
He smoked after the heart surgery /.
He could n't stop smoking /.
He /.
That 's exactly right /.
Thank you Mike /.
As usual Larry thanks so much /.
Mike Wallace /.
The book Between You and Me /.
and it contains an extraordinary DVD /.
I read the book have n't seen the DVD yet /.
It should be something /.
Erin Brown is off this week /.
Paula is on who played cello last night at a big event for the medical center /.
I was the emcee /.
They played take the A train with the Harlem Jazz Band /.
She was fantastic /.
Happy Halloween Paula you were great last night /.
I guess they did /.
I did n't hear /.
but they did good /.
and you were great /.
Sunday the interview with Bob Shapiro /.
Newsnight returns to duo action tonight /.
The co-hosts are Kira Phillips and Rick Sanchez /.
that 's Rick on the left Kira on the right /.
and they are in Atlanta /.
Double trouble /.
watch for the dolphins Larry /.
Carry on /.
I 'm told this guy in Miami saving is schula-esque your friend /.
Yeah not this year though /.
Well it might take a year /.
Good to talk /.
Go get them /.
Bye /.
Alright /.
Thanks Larry /.
Well tonight a Wal - Mart controversy /.
Good evening I 'm Kyra Phillips /.
And I 'm Rick Sanchez /.
Newsnight begins right now /.
Tonight every story has two sides /.
In Wal - Mart 's case both sides are being beamed onto big screens everywhere /.
One point three million people in America have decided it 's in their best self interest to work at Wal - Mart /.
Now are they stupid /?
No /.
I keep saying you ca n't buy small town quality of life at a Wal - Mart because they do n't sell it /.
But once they steal it from you you ca n't get it back at any price /.
Attention shoppers /.
is Wal - Mart 's way the wave of the future /?
And it 's a case of dueling realities /.
A city brimming with hope in some places devoid of it in others /.
New Orleans a tale of two cities /.
Also this man is a convicted murderer /.
Why are there so many who want his life spared /?
This is Newsnight /.
And we begin tonight with Wal - Mart a place no doubt many of you are likely to shop /.
When it comes to retail Wal - Mart is the biggest of the big /.
and that makes it a big target as well /.
Its corporate policies from buying cheap to selling cheap to providing jobs for tens of thousands of people while paying rock bottom salaries are also reasons it 's a big target /.
In fact right now Wal - Mart is the subject of not one but two documentaries about to be released one for one against /.
Two stories one giant store here 's a look /.
You drive up all the way up to New York City on Route 80 /.
and you 'll see a Wal - Mart up on the hill /.
and then you 'll drive farther into the town /.
and you 'll see uh an empty town /.
Just looks like a neutron bomb hit it /.
It 's an explosive documentary that alleges Wal - Mart has a take no prisoners business philosophy that is good for profits but bad for America /.
They do n't get it /.
When we start talking about quality reliance they start talking about cheap underwear /.
At this point there 's something I should tell you /.
When you do a story on a film that 's as critical of a company as this one is about Wal - Mart I want to talk to that company Wal - Mart to get their reaction /.
Wal - Mart is not willing to go on camera /.
But it did provide us with a written statement saying quote like any company we want to make sure our associates customers and local community feel good about us /.
Wal - Mart makes life better for an awful lot of people by providing low prices and good jobs to those who need them /.
However we 're the first to admit we 're not perfect and have worked hard to make substantive business changes in areas where we fall short /.
Wal - Mart I think does n't do a good enough job telling its story /.
So who is speaking up for Wal - Mart /?
This man /.
But uh Wal - Mart has closed some businesses down /.
but it 's created others /.
In fact /-
In fact Ron Galloway is not only speaking up for the retail giant /.
he 's also producing a documentary in their defense one that depicts Wal - Mart as an ingenious business plan that is good for America /.
So many people have so many negative things to say about it /.
but what about the positive things /?
While Galloway 's pro-Wal-Mart film introduces us to grateful employees /-
Somebody did it for me at a time in my life when I was totally hopeless /.
the anti-Wal - mart film points out that in two thousand one according to court documents workers made on average less than fourteen thousand dollars a year , that Wal - Mart 's CEO made twenty - seven million dollars a year /.
It also revealed that the owners of Wal - Mart the Walton family has an average net worth at or near one hundred billion dollars give or take a billion here or there depending on the price of their stock at the time /.
Now as for the workers or associates as they 're called by Wal - Mart their average salary is below what the government considers the federal poverty line /.
There were people I 'd see that did n't eat nothing /.
they 'd take an hour lunch and just sit there /.
This young mother that I talked to in LA was on Medi - Cal /.
she got on the Wal - Mart plan /.
she saw a doctor for the first time /.
The anti-Wal-Mart film depicts Wal - Mart as consumed with keeping wages and benefits down and unions out by flying in executives and installing cameras to monitor employees as soon as there 's a hint that workers may be organizing /.
The retail giant gets most of its merchandise from outside the United States in places like Honduras and Bangladesh where according to the film workers make as little as fifteen cents an hour and work seven days a week /.
but by far the largest provider of goods to Wal - Mart is China /.
How much does Wal - Mart depend on China /?
Company officials announced that in two thousand four they imported more than eighteen billion dollars in goods from the People 's Republic /.
I think Wal - Mart is a straw man for a set of issues that a certain group of people special interests groups have to deal with in American society /.
Now this is important /.
Officials making the anti uh Wal - Mart film say the film is not paid for with union dues /.
We asked /.
Also Galloway making the pro-Wal-Mart film tells me that he 's received no money and little support in fact from Wal - Mart itself /.
In fact Wal - Mart has no plans at this time to even carry his video in the stores /.
Kyra /?
Well whatever it does Wal - Mart always seems to be under a microscope /.
Why /?
Because a company that big that profitable is often imitated by other companies and that may well affect your benefits and your career /.
Take health care for example /.
A Wal - Mart internal memo recently leaked spelled out just how far the retail giant may be willing to go to keep its health costs low /.
The question is will other companies follow suit and how might that affect you /.
Here 's CNN 's Tom Foreman /.
Out in the morning rush of Washington DC like six out of ten Americans Tim Kane gets health insurance through his job /.
I think my hands are tied /.
I have to go through my employers /.
But as an economist at the conservative Heritage foundation Tim supports an idea that might put other commuters into shock /.
Workplace health plans can be should be and may be going away /.
Americans should understand that they would be much better off if businesses were n't providing them health care if they could buy it on the free market cheaply /.
This is controversial stuff /.
Wal - Mart with more than one point two million American workers is being criticized right now over a leaked company memo that suggests health care costs should be better contained /.
Wal - Mart Watch is a new advocacy group funded in part by labor unions to keep an eye on how the economic giant is shaping American life /.
I think that Wal - Mart today as we speak is attempting to change uh health care for the American worker to the worse /.
And you 're saying that affects all of us whether or not we work for Wal - Mart /.
When Wal - Mart makes a change in the way they do their business um then other businesses follow /.
Wal - Mart told us in a written statement it is expanding and improving its health insurance program /.
but it adds every business is asking the question how do we balance the genuine desire to provide the best benefits while remaining competitive in the global economy /?
That 's the catch /.
The United States is a rarity among nations in firmly tying health insurance to jobs making it a cost of doing business /.
So how did it get that way /?
Blame it on World War Two when fear of inflation prompted President Roosevelt to freeze wages /.
With so many Americans going to battle businesses were frantic for workers /.
So instead of more money they offered health insurance /.
Healthy employees are undeniably better for business better for society /.
but is that Wal - Mart 's responsibility /?
Look /.
this is a private company /.
What business is it of yours how they do their business /?
We the taxpayers are paying for Wal - Mart to profit /.
um and so therefore we have a say /.
And you believe that gives you a say /.
We 're stockholders /.
We 're shareholders in the company /.
A study before Congress last year said less than half of Wal - Mart employees were fully covered by the company insurance and that a significant number secure their health care from publicly subsidized programs /.
George Miller from California authored that report /.
I do n't think that Wal - Mart either has built an acceptable system for real health care for employees and they have n't really provided much to the national debate on how we can accomplish this uh as a nation /.
The debate over how workplace health insurance might fade and what might replace it is not just about Wal - Mart /.
And Wal - Mart 's trying to stay out of that mess /.
and it 's a very tricky problem /.
But when a company that big even whispers change these days everyone listens /.
That was CNN 's Tom Foreman reporting /.
Rick /?
And we continue the theme now /.
Andy Serwer works for us here at CNN and for Fortune Magazine /.
Andy 's one of the few journalists who 's profiled the Walton family /.
That 's why he 's the perfect guest to talk about Wal - Mart /.
Andy thanks so much for being with us again /.
Good to see you /.
you know you wonder /.
You know the Waltons /.
At what level will this affect them /?
They 're about to get hit with a whole lot of bad pub /.
Well you know in some senses Rick they 're used to it by now /.
I mean this is a company that 's come under attack for really the past ten years in a big way from labor unions from people in small towns from people in big towns /.
But this time it 's going to be in churches /.
it 's going to be in small gathering places in middle America with people saying some pretty horrible things /-
Do n't your feelings get hurt /.
or are they at a different level if your employees come out and say I ca n't feed my kids /.
I 'm not making enough money /.
you 're not giving me enough benefits /.
you 're not paying me for my overtime work /.
Well I think the Walton family does take it personally /.
I mean their name is on the door /.
Their father Sam Walton started this company /.
They do n't like the bad publicity /.
but they also feel wronged /.
They do n't believe a lot of the charges are true /.
and they are really starting to fight back /.
And we 're seeing articles describing how they 've really rallied and brought tremendous efforts to bear opening up offices in Washington and state capitals /.
They have a war room where they review all the criticism /.
and they try to respond now /.
But let me ask you this as I 'm sure people at home are sitting there thinking right now about their own job /.
if Wal - Mart is right and their model is right is this the way we 're going to go /?
Will other workers feel like perhaps their compensation packages their wages are going to be perhaps either trimmed down or worse as they allude to in this documentary /?
Well you 're talking about a race to the bottom in terms of compensation and benefits for American workers /.
And you 're seeing this happening at Wal - Mart /.
but you 're also seeing this happen at big manufacturing companies /.
Do n't forget people at Delta people at GM people at Delphi are getting their wages and salaries cut too and that does n't have anything to do with Wal - Mart /.
Having said that Wal - Mart is the biggest employer in the country /.
so they 're sort of the benchmark company the company that other companies look to like GM in the past and like a US Steel /.
So I think other companies are looking at what Wal - Mart is doing and saying you know , what is the new wage and pay scale in this country /?
But Wal - Mart is really the king of the bottom line , are n't they /?
They are /.
They really know how to make things out of nothing /.
and the person who 's really benefiting is the consumer who goes in there and gets a sweater for four bucks /.
Well and that 's what they say Rick /.
I mean one point three million Americans work at Wal - Mart /.
A lot of people like working there /.
We have to remember that /.
I mean it 's not all these people who work there are unhappy /.
That 's number one /.
Number two the Wal - Mart people say look /.
we 're paying people one point three million Americans /.
but hundreds of millions of Americans are benefiting from low prices /.
They 're able to buy a VCR they might not be able to buy because we 're keeping our costs low /.
That 's their response /.
If their message is right why are n't they putting one of their big kahunas out there to talk to Rick Sanchez to talk to Andy and say look , this is all wrong /?
Right now they 're not talking /.
they 're not willing to go on camera /.
Well they 're just starting to /.
You have to remember this company was a very closed uh culture really founded by Sam Walton /.
He passed away in nineteen ninety - two /.
He did n't believe in talking to the press /.
He did n't believe in PR /.
He said all we need to do was open stores up and offer goods at low prices /.
They 're starting to realize that they need to respond more and more /.
So they 're just getting up to speed /.
but I think you 're right /.
They should get out there and tell their side of the story /.
Is this going to be a big hit for them /?
No I do n't think it is going to be a big hit because there 're other things out there /.
You know there 's a negative documentary film about Wal - Mart /.
There 's maybe a positive film out there as well /.
They 're going to marshal their forces /.
and they 're going to fight back /.
and a lot of people like to shop at Wal - Mart /.
I mean they would n't be a problem to some people if they were n't so successful /.
People like to shop there /.
Certainly do /.
Time will tell /.
Andy thanks so much for being with us /.
You 're welcome Rick /.
And there you have it /.
Dueling documentaries out this month /.
Still to come on Newsnight the Big Easy suddenly split in two how people in the same city are living different lives two months after Katrina /.
We will take you there /.
Plus he 's a convicted killer a co-founder of a violent street gang /.
Now he 's on death row /.
So why are so many people trying to save his life /?
It is time now to check on some of the other stories that are happening tonight /.
and for that we go to uh Erica Hill from Headline News /.
Hello Erica /.
Hey Rick good to see you /.
We begin tonight in Iraq with a bloody end to the Muslim holy month of Ramadan /.
Twenty - seven people killed in three separate attacks today /.
The worst in a town forty - five miles south of Baghdad where a suicide bomber blew up a mini-bus in a busy shopping area /.
Elsewhere a US soldier was killed in an attack near Balad /.
and two Marines died in a helicopter crash near Ramadi /.
Bagram Afghanistan now where a senior al - Qaeda operative is apparently on the loose /.
Pentagon officials say Omar al - Farouq escaped from US custody back in July /.
Al - Farouq had set up the first al - Qaeda camps in southeast Asia /.
He was captured in Indonesia in two thousand two then turned over to US officials who brought him to Afghanistan /.
In Detroit Michigan thousands paying tribute today at the funeral of Rosa Parks /.
Many prominent figures were in attendance including the Reverends Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton as well as former President Bill Clinton /.
Parks inspired the Civil Rights movement of course when she refused to give up her seat on a bus to a white man in nineteen fifty - five /.
She died last week at the age of ninety - two /.
And in Los Angeles a massive protest against the Bush administration shuts down parts of the city /.
The afternoon and evening demonstrations organized by the group The World Ca n't Wait led police to close many streets around a federal building in West LA /.
There were some confrontations with police /.
One officer 's uniform caught fire after a molotov cocktail was thrown his way /.
Quite the demonstration there Rick /.
Certainly looks like it /.
Erica thanks so much /.
We 'll look for you in just a little bit /.
Kyra /?
Well for more than two months we 've seen the havoc that Mother Nature can cause /.
We 've watched from our homes Katrina 's destructive force and people struggling in its aftermath /.
Even now it 's impossible to grasp the tragedy along the Gulf Coast /.
There are so many parts to it /.
So tonight CNN 's Dan Simon shows us a different angle a new divide forming in the Big Easy /.
It was the best of times /.
it was the worst of times /.
the famous words of Charles Dickens in A Tale of Two Cities /.
Here in New Orleans that nineteenth century text resonates as it feels literally like two cities have emerged since Hurricane Katrina one filled with anger and desperation /-
Nobody 's trying to help /.
Nobody 's trying to do nothing /.
But here across the river on what locals call the West Bank they have different problems the kind you do n't mind having like where to get coffee or go shopping /.
Here it 's about progress and optimism /.
The biggest complaint we have is we never know when the garbage is being picked up /.
Big deal right /?
Yeah /.
I mean you know so it 's all relative /.
Don and Joy Paolo live across the river from the devastation in a place called Algiers Point /.
We found the retired couple relaxing on their porch /.
Play on words /.
this is the West Bank /.
but people here call it the blessed bank /.
The Paolos bounced back quickly after evacuating to Ohio /.
While they came back to mold and a busted heater their problems seem miniscule /.
One of the biggest problems we have over here truthfully is traffic /.
There is no traffic in other parts of town /.
This is the devastated Lower Ninth Ward /.
Restaurants gas stations closed /.
neighborhoods vacant filled with trash /.
Contrast that with Algiers where carved pumpkins dot the landscape and most of the stores even little cafes are open for business /.
We just isolated /.
We like on a island over here /.
We isolated from the whole city /.
Daisy Peters 's feelings are understandable , her house in ruins /.
Other than the help of a few family members clearing away debris she 's on her own /.
I am very very very disgusted with this place /.
Who are you disgusted with /?
The governor and the mayor and FEMA and all of them /.
You feel like they just do n't care /.
I feel like they do not care /.
Government officials say they do care /.
but the magnitude of destruction makes rebuilding very difficult /.
There 's no drinkable water and little if any electricity here and no plan yet for restoring the neighborhood /.
I 'm not giving this house away /.
If somebody they do n't want to rebuild down here somebody need to see me about this house because I 'm not giving it to nobody /.
Daisy decides to take a rest /.
They 're also resting at the Paolo house but in a different way /.
Dan Simon CNN New Orleans /.
Whether you 've lost your entire home or just a few things a loss hurts /.
and one of our own here at CNN has felt the pain of Katrina /.
American Morning executive producer Kim Bondy has a house in New Orleans /.
American Morning anchor Miles O'Brien was with Kim today as she got some expert opinions on the damage to her home /.
This room was an addition to the house /.
It originally had paneling /.
and then when I bought the house in two thousand and one I had new walls put in /.
So this is all new drywall in here /.
So the mold growth is pretty substantial /.
The sunroom at Kim Bondy 's house in New Orleans sure could use a little sun /.
Perhaps it might bake away the multilayered mold that covers the walls and fouls the air /.
You 've got so much moisture in here /.
you know so much damage /.
the mold just feeds off of itself /.
Kim invited veteran property restoration expert Rusty Amarante to tour her once upon a dream home which sat in standing fetid water for two and a half weeks after the levees broke /.
Not a pretty picture /.
but Rusty Amarante has seen it all before /.
Would you recommend that a room like this be sort of torn down and start all over /?
I do n't think you need to tear it down /.
I think you need to thoroughly gut it /.
You need to take out /.
Gutting a house , stripping it to the bones like a Thanksgiving turkey seems like a bitter pill for the average homeowner /.
but Rusty has a way of putting things in perspective /.
Really you 're just talking about redoing the interior building envelope here /.
So uh as devastating as it is you 're really kind of fortunate because once you take out the plaster , once you take out the insulation make sure that the inside of the building is dry uh the foundation is dry you can really start the rebuilding process /.
And /.
But what about the structure of the house /?
Any osteoporosis in those bones /?
From what I can see of the brick from the outside it looks very solid /.
For some answers Kim called in another expert Elizabeth English a professor who studies how buildings weather hurricanes /.
Crawl space /.
Crawl space /.
I 've never even looked underneath there /.
But Elizabeth did /.
and it looks pretty good /.
Still a little damp down here /.
and that needs to dry out /.
Mhm /.
But um you know you do n't have a problem with rot at this point /.
It was a cursory inspection a few pokes and peeks /.
This is very good solid construction here /.
But enough to make Elizabeth a big believer in the Bondy bungalow /.
If this were your house what would you do /?
I 'd fix it up /.
Yeah /?
Absolutely /.
Absolutely /.
This house is not a goner /.
Uh this house can be uh repaired uh and brought back to life /.
and it 's bringing the individual houses back to life that 'll bring the neighborhood back to life /.
and bringing New Orleans ' neighborhoods back to life is what will bring the city back to life /.
Miles O'Brien CNN New Orleans hm /.
And you can catch American Morning 's Miles O'Brien and Soledad O'Brien every morning on American Morning beginning at seven am eastern /.
and you know just watching that piece I talked to friends of mine living in New Orleans saying they 're getting contractors to come out and give them estimates /.
One friend had three contractors come out /.
and the difference in prices /.
Yeah it 's amazing /.
/.
it is amazing /.
You 've got to be really careful who you pick to take on the job /.
The waters have receded /.
but the problems have yeah /.
Keep rising /.
Tonight on Newsnight politics makes strange bedfellows /.
Would you believe that some liberal Democrats might support President Bush 's Supreme Court Nominee Samuel Alito /?
We 're going to explain this one to you /.
And why are so many people trying to keep a convicted killer from getting the death penalty /?
That story straight ahead /.
Ever since uh President Bush said the name Samuel Alito we have been hearing from both extremes of the political spectrum /.
The far right loves the Supreme Court nominee as you might imagine /.
The far left ca n't stand him /.
We 're learning though that some Democrats liberal Democrats are willing to give Alito a chance /.
CNN senior political correspondent Candy Crowley explains /.
Meet Jeffrey Wasserstein former law clerk for Judge Sam Alito /.
I think you look at the totality of his career and what you see is a judge squarely within the mainstream /.
Wasserstein is a liberal Democrat except when he votes Green party /.
and he is not alone /.
He 's hired liberals conservatives libertarians independents um /.
and all I know is that we 're all unanimously supporting the judge in his nomination /.
The kind of testimony that may make it easier for people like Senator Ben Nelson the third Democrat to get an up - close and personal look at the President 's Supreme Court nominee /.
A Democrat from Nebraska a state that went Bush in oh four Nelson is one of five red state Democrats up for reelection in oh six who would rather vote than fight /.
I just hope that we 're able to work our way through uh and make an up or down decision on this judge /.
He 's not even a member of the Judiciary Committee /.
but Nelson and other Democrats are targets of opportunity for the White House which hopes to pad Republican support for Alito with enough Democrats to discourage and if needed defeat a filibuster /.
No no no /.
Alito will not save Roe /.
Here 's the Democrats ' problem /.
The party 's base support liberal women 's groups civil rights groups environmental groups the footsoldiers that raise money knock on doors and vote come rain or shine want to fight over Alito /.
An argument that finds sympathy in blue state Democrats like Illinois 's Dick Durbin /.
It could tip the balance for a generation in another direction on critical issues women 's rights and workers ' rights the right of privacy uh protecting the environment human rights civil rights /.
All of these things are at stake in this nomination /.
The filibuster fight to please Democratic activists could alienate the kind of centrists who vote for both George Bush and Ben Nelson in the same state which is why the word filibuster makes Ben Nelson dance /.
You know the word filibuster keeps coming up in the questions rather than in the answers /.
but you do n't rule it out /.
but nobody 's ruling it in /.
While Democrats still hold out the possibility of a filibuster the competing need to please the base and reach to the center makes it hard to find consensus all of which could bode well for Sam Alito who may get by with a little help from his friends /.
There was never an ideological or political consideration in how he viewed cases /.
So a judge 's judge /.
Judge 's judge /.
Absolutely /.
Candy Crowley CNN Washington /.
The founder of one of the nation 's most notorious street gangs is facing a death penalty /.
Coming up , who 's trying to save his life and why /?
Also the survivors of that massive South Asian earthquake are facing a new and even deadlier if you can believe it threat /.
From around the world this is Newsnight /.
In a few weeks the state of California is planning to execute Tookie Williams the man who co-founded one of the country 's most notorious street gangs /.
You may have heard of the Crips or seen them portrayed in the movies /.
Well Williams is a convicted killer /.
but people all over the country are trying to save his life /.
CNN 's Chris Lawrence looks into why /.
/.
Actor Jamie Foxx is asking California 's governor to spare the life of the man he played on screen /.
I never back down never /.
Stanley Tookie Williams co-founded the Crips street gang /.
He robbed and murdered and was convicted of his crimes in nineteen eighty - one /.
But from his cell on death row Williams spent years writing children 's books and preaching against gang violence /.
And if he dies some people are not going to have the opportunity to learn from his mistakes /.
Edgar Medina read the books and says Williams convinced him to stay in school /.
If I would have been in a gang right now I would 've probably be in jail dead /.
Instead he 's fifteen on track to graduate and go to college /.
I heard one report where they say he saved a hundred fifty thousand kids from joining gangs /.
That 's absurd /.
How do you know that /?
Retired sergeant Wes McBride worked the gang detail for twenty - six years in LA County /.
It 's not against the law to be a gang member /.
It 's against the law to kill people /.
and that 's what he 's convicted of /.
A witness says Williams robbed and executed a Seven Eleven employee then made fun of the man as he died /.
He was also convicted of gunning down an entire family father mother and daughter /.
Writing a few books does n't exonerate you from your crimes /.
In Williams ' case it wo n't /.
On December thirteenth he 's scheduled to die /.
I am at this time signing a warrant of execution /.
Williams ' books are a part of his legacy /.
so are the Crips /.
In thirty years the gang has spread from California to just about every state in the country /.
Fred Jackson works with kids who grow up surrounded by gangs /.
He says they really listen to Williams do n't tune him out like cops or counselors /.
To kill Stan will be throwing the baby out with the bath water /.
Jackson says executing Williams sends the wrong message /.
You would be telling gang members or those wannabe gang members do n't care how you turn your life around /.
once you are stuck you are stuck /.
No condemned murderer has been granted clemency in California since nineteen sixty - seven /.
The odds are against any man even one like Tookie Williams who was nominated for a Nobel Peace prize /.
But he did n't win it /.
You know and even if he did does that mean uh you 're forgiven for murdering a whole family /?
No I do n't think so /.
Like his life Tookie Williams ' legacy will be complicated /.
Chris Lawrence CNN Los Angeles /.
Well among those who believe Tookie Williams ' life should be spared is Lewis Yablonsky a criminologist expert in gang behavior and author of the book Gangsters /.
He joins us now live /.
Sir let me ask you why do you think Tookie should not die /?
Well I 've been studying gangs for fifty years /.
and we 're always looking for solutions /.
Uh here 's a man who has changed his lifestyle /.
I 've read all his books /.
He was significant in contributing some theories to my book uh Gangsters /.
and I think he can be a positive force in uh turning around young gangsters /.
In fact there 're several programs in the California Department of uh Corrections where uh ex-offenders some lifers are working with young offenders very effectively /.
Uh the Amity program uh in several prisons Phoenix program in several prisons /.
and uh I 've seen uh the impact of lifers individuals who are what I would refer to as experienced therapists /.
These are individuals who 've been there like Tookie /.
They 've gone through a transformation as he has over a period of twenty years /.
and they can have a real impact on some of the younger offenders to not go down their path and end up uh being executed /.
Well you know he writes in his memoir it was u- ha- /-
He says daily he spent studying and questioning uh and soulsearching /.
He said he began to develop a sense of critical reasoning from which sprang the first stirring of +conscience /.
This was the moment when redemption infused itself into my life /.
You read this writing /.
and you think wow this is somebody who killed three people /?
Do you believe that murderers can be reformed /?
Is this man healthy /?
If he were to walk the streets again would he never kill again /?
we 're not talking about letting him out of prison /.
We 're talking about clemency to give him life without parole where we do n't kill him /.
And I have already made some uh efforts to put him into a particular program where he would uh be effective /.
One of the major gang problems uh of the insanity of gang problems is young black men killing young black men and Hispanic kids killing Hispanic kids /.
He talks a lot about black on black crime /.
Tookie /-
Right /.
And Tookie has come up with some interesting observations about why this goes on as /-
Uh they 're good enough to put in my theoretical book on gangsters /.
and I think he could be very effective in a program /.
and as I 've indicated I 've already talked to the director uh of a program in the California prison system /.
And if Governor Schwarzenegger really means what he says about uh the California Department of Corrections with emphasis on corrections and rehabilitation he should spare his life /.
But /-
He 's really the only one who can do it /.
and as I 've /-
Well Lewis let me ask you /.
let 's say he is granted clemency /.
what do you say to the victims ' families /?
Well we talk about redemption /.
We talk about forgiveness /.
Let 's put it this way /.
Uh twenty - five years ago I was a different person than I am now /.
I think Tookie Williams from my communications with him is a different person today than when we was convicted of these crimes /.
I 'm not uh excusing the crimes /.
and I 'm not necessarily uh against the death penalty /.
Uh some individuals perhaps should get the death penalty /.
but this is a man who can contribute to our society /.
and he can be effective /.
I know how police officers feel about it /.
but /-
I know /.
and you 've been studying this for more than thirty years /.
Lewis Yablonsky uh I thank you sir so much for your time /.
And we talked about family members /.
and Lora Owens is the stepmother of Albert Owens the convenience store worker that Tookie Williams was convicted of killing /.
She joins us now by phone /.
and I appreciate your time Lora /.
I want to take a moment to talk about Albert if you do n't mind and just uh remind us about his life /.
Okay /.
Go ahead Lora /.
Thank you for having me on /.
I appreciate the opportunity to be able to even speak about Albert /.
He seems to be the forgotten one /.
Unfortunately the Owens family studied gangs specifically the gang that Williams had because it affected our life /.
Do you have any idea the impact that it has had on the Owens family /?
See the picture of my son /?
We see him /.
That 's a man that went out /.
he wanted to make an honest living where Williams goes out to take whatever he wants /.
Now we have a major impact /.
Life 's different now because of what Williams did to the Owens family /.
Life 's a lot different /.
I do n't have to study gangs /.
I only have to study what Williams did /.
Is death /-
A big difference /.
Lora is death the answer /?
Does Tookie Williams need to die /?
Is that what would make you feel better would make your family feel better /?
It 's called closure Miss Phillips /.
That 's what it 's called because when someone like Williams can do all of these things /-
what has he paid /?
He does n't even say he 's guilty /.
He says he 's innocent /.
Alright so you have to do that with all of the appeals /.
He says he 's sorry /.
For what /.
that he did n't get away with it /?
He could do so much to stop gangs /.
He /-
Is he /?
No he does n't do any of that /.
What he does is find somebody who 's willing to write for him somebody who 's out there with the cause /.
Williams is n't the important one in this right to life cause /.
It 's the fact that it is a cause /.
and he 's got all of these people behind him /.
They have n't walked where the Owens family has walked /.
They have n't had to take someone who 's been murdered and try and build a life without them /.
Lora Tookie has this apology uh that he has written that of course he wants everybody to hear /.
Part of it says I pray that one day my apology will be accepted /.
I also pray that your suffering caused by gang violence will soon come to an end as more gang members wake up and stop hurting themselves and others /.
I vow to spend the rest of my life working toward solutions /.
Does that give you any sense of peace /?
He did n't write it to us /.
That 's not who he wrote that to /.
He wrote that to further his gang connections /.
That 's who he 's writing that to /.
He did n't write that to the Owens family /.
Lora Owens stepmother of Albert Owens we sure appreciate your time /.
I know this is a difficult uh period for you and your family /.
Um thank you Lora /.
Thank you very much /.
Well different perspective /.
We brought you the tale of two cities /.
and now we bring you a tale of two families /.
And it 'll be interesting to see what happens /.
There are a lot of people protesting and a lot of people that uh want to see him die /.
Still ahead on Newsnight winter is coming to the mountains of Pakistan /.
Will millions of those who survived last month 's massive earthquake now succumb to something else bitter cold /?
Also /-
The city of lights is aflame with torched cars /.
A frightening week of violence continues in Paris /.
Newsnight will return /.
Here 's a follow - up /.
High in the Himalaya Mountains tragedy is ready to strike once again /.
First it came in the form of a massive earthquake /.
Soon though it may be the freezing temperatures and the snow of a bitter winter that 's going to take a terrible toll /.
The number 's already brutal /.
Death toll eighty thousand by some counts and climbing /.
Another eight hundred thousand without shelter /.
not even a tent in some cases /.
More than two million in need of food /.
Many in mountain regions where relief trucks or even helicopters ca n't seem to get to /.
Now ITV 's Bill Neely reports /.
that 's just from the Kashmir region /.
that 's the area right between India and Pakistan /.
The helicopters are still busy here /.
but the weather is worsening /.
There are days they wo n't fly and places they wo n't go /.
Into one of these today came Save the Children driving a convoy of two hundred tents six thousand feet up into one of Kashmir 's most remote corners /.
There waiting hundreds of villagers /.
this aid the difference between life and death /.
One man at least has suffered enough death /.
Is seven kids one mom and one wife /.
He lost his seven children /.
Seven children /.
He lost his seven childrens plus eh his wife and eh his mom /.
Even the blind walked for hours across a mountain to get here /.
The tents blankets and clothes their only protection against a brutal winter /.
It 's a race here against time and against the heavy snows that are on their way /.
In about two weeks time these mountains and this valley will be covered in snow /.
and the logic of survival then is brutally simple /.
Anyone without shelter will die /.
The problem is there are n't enough tents here or anywhere else /.
so a second disaster that the UN says could kill thousands is n't just looming /.
it 's highly likely /.
These children survived the earthquake /.
Twenty thousand did n't /.
The coming cold and hunger could carry off thousands more /.
So they struggle away with their tents /.
and even the aid workers who 've been through the tsunami struggle to cope here /.
Logistically it 's the worst without a doubt /.
It 's getting high in mountains /.
The road that we came up now is pretty perilous to say the least /.
but we could get vehicles up /.
We 're talking about a lot of places have got no vehicular access whatsoever /.
Then we 're talking meal trains and helicopters /.
and we 're really running out of time /.
It 's quite a serious situation /.
the tsunami was much easier to deal with than this /?
The tsunami did n't have winter coming /.
I mean here we 've just got this hammer blow that 's going to come down very very shortly /.
The first disaster was an act of god /.
A second can be prevented by time /.
and aid money is running out /.
As we left night fell /.
and the first snow fell too /.
It did n't settle /.
but it will soon /.
Pakistan 's mountain people are braced for another terrible test /.
Bill Neely ITV News Naganari Kashmir /.
Well in a moment how sweet it is on the rise /.
but first we turn to Erica Hill in Atlanta with some other stories making headlines right now /.
Hi Erica /.
Hey Kyra good to see you tonight /.
We start off with a question many are asking tonight /.
could there have been a way out of the Iraq war before it started /?
A senior official from the United Arab Emirates tells CNN Saddam Hussein was ready to accept exile there to avoid war but then just days before war broke out , Saddam 's demands were not met and the deal fell through /.
In the troubled suburbs of Paris a seventh straight night of violence sparked by the accidental death of two teens /.
About one hundred eighty cars have been torched at this point /.
Police are hesitant to venture into the largely African and Muslim neighborhoods /.
but they have fired rubber bullets and tear gas at gangs of young people throwing stones /.
And finally tonight the world famous New York City Rockettes not kicking up their heels tonight /.
The precision dancers walked off the job at an evening dress rehearsal for the annual Christmas spectacular to support striking musicians /.
No word on whether or not they walked off in step /.
Oh have you seen those costumes by the way /?
They 're amazing /.
Oh I had to interview two of these beautiful women /.
and first of all they 're like six two /.
and the feathers are taller than fitting into this box /.
And heavy /.
Ew /.
Exactly /.
I do n't think I can be a showgirl /.
I ca n't pull it off /.
No you stick with what you 're doing /.
Thank you Erica /.
You two stop /.
Thanks Kyra /.
Still to come on Newsnight a sweeter than average story much much sweeter as we belly up to the bar the candy bar /.
Do n't get any ideas Rick /.
Got it /.
Got it /.
With Halloween on our minds you know what we thought of /.
We thought of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory /.
Duh dad as my daughter would say /.
To Dylan Lauren though who inherited a business smarts from her father that would be Ralph Lauren the film was a big screen candy coated business plan /.
That 's why she as you 'll see is now on the rise /.
Hi I 'm Dylan Lauren /.
And I am a candy lover /.
So I decided to take my passion and create the world 's largest candy store and fill it with candy and anything candy related /.
That 's what Dylan the Candy Bar is /.
It 's an homage to candy /.
I was inspired when I was younger by uh Charlie and the Chocolate Factory /.
And it 's a bunch of stores that have a sort of entertainment philosophy /.
And I just thought there 's not anything like that in the candy business that you know /-
FAO Schwartz had it with toys /.
or Niketown has it with sneakers /.
I thought would n't it be fun for even me who 's a candy freak to just walk in and have this like oversized emporium of oversized lollipops /.
I have four stores at the moment /.
I 'm hoping to open a good twenty more /.
The flagship 's in New York City /.
The other Dylan 's Candy Bars are in Houston Orlando and Roosevelt Field /.
Well this is my office /.
I 've always loved candy /.
At first it was about the taste /.
I love gummy bears and gummy fish /.
I just always started to look at candy 's packaging /.
And as an art history major I also was influenced by a lot of pop artists /.
This is our stripe which are on our bags and our logos /.
I really loved art and candy /.
Did you like the ones that we were talking about for the malls though /?
Our theme is to basically merge pop culture art fashion with candy and also to have like the largest assortment of colors and flavors /.
This is our body uh shake /.
It 's a milk bubble bath chocolate /.
We do n't just carry candy per se to eat /.
We have a spa product like chocolate bath powders and vanilla body moisturizers /.
We 're expanding into um our own Dylan 's Candy Bars spa line /.
Our customer is really the kid in the adult /.
and it 's anyone /.
I think the candy store brings out the kid in everyone /.
And I definitely am /.
I do n't know /.
people do n't know how old I am /.
People think I 'm fifteen because I love candy and I love colors /.
But I have a mature sensibility about it too /.
But I think you have to have the sort of attitude of creativity and fun and anything is possible /.
Coming up a special hour of Newsnight winning the war on terror how other nations are fighting terrorism and what we in the US are learning from them /.
This is Newsnight /.
Homeland security inspector General Clark Kent Irven and former active director of the CIA John McGlaughlin /.
And is the Discovery Shuttle crew in trouble /?
Perspective from NASA 's Wayne Hail /.
Live from CNN in Washington this is Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer /.
Good evening Washington /.
nine AM in Los Angeles five PM in London and eight PM in Baghdad /.
Wherever you 're watching from around the world thanks very much for joining us for Late Edition /.
We 'll get to our interview with Iraq 's national security adviser in just a moment /.
First though let 's get a quick check of what 's in the news right now /.
Thanks Wolf /.
I 'm Frederika Witfield of the CNN center in Atlanta /.
Here are the headlines right now /.
Two brothers of suspected London bomber Hussain Osmond are under arrest in Italy /.
Osmond is talking and denies any links to Al Quada /.
A judge ruled today he will remain in jail today while fighting extradition /.
Meanwhile in England police today arrested six more terror suspects in a sweep in southern England /.
They are being held in Suffix /.
A bodyguard of Iraq deputy prime minister Ahmed Chalabi was killed today /.
Convoy was attacked by insurgents south of Baghdad /.
Police say Chalabi was not in that convoy /.
The rains have returned /.
and water is again rising in Mumbai India /.
Some parts of the city are under seven feet of water /.
The death toll in India from monsoons driven floods and landslides has reached one thousand /.
I 'm Frederika Whitfield /.
Now back to Wolf /.
Thanks very much Frederika /.
With the deadline to complete an Iraqi constitution just three weeks away there are serious concerns that an unrelenting insurgency and disputes over the role of religion could derail that goal /.
Just a short while ago I spoke with Iraq 's national security adviser Mowaffak al - Rubaie about the political and security challenges still facing his country the upcoming trial of Saddam Hussein and much more /.
Mowaffak al - Rubaie thanks very much for joining us from Baghdad /.
There is word now that there may have to be a delay of what thirty days in terms of drafting the proposed Iraqi constitution /.
The deadline was supposed to be mid August August fifteenth /.
What 's the situation right now /?
Uh I think there are uh uh some little problems uh need to be ironed out /.
And I believe we will uh try our level best to stick to the timetable because uh it is very important eh for the credibility of the government uh and for the political process as well /.
Uh so I am very much hopeful that we will meet all these deadlines /.
Well can you confirm that you will seek a thirty day extension beyond August fifteenth /?
Is that already official /?
Uh well uh the constitutional committee has not finalized this yet /.
And uh I believe uh uh uh if it is delayed the uh intention of it is to include all parties especially those political parties who have not taken part in the last election /.
You 're referring to the Iraqi Sunnis The minority uh in Iraq /.
Uh what is the major problem that 's forcing this delay /?
Uh well uh Wolf they are fine - tuning on the issue of uh the extent of the authority of the federal state and what are the role of the center as opposed to the regions /.
And also the role of uh uh religion is still /-
There 's some fine tuning on the drafting before we put it forward to our people /.
And a couple of days a few days is not going to make a huge difference /.
I think we need to uh get our Sunni uh Arabs included in the political process /.
It is pivotal part of the uh uh Iraqi society /.
and if we want to get the referendum uh uh and our people to ratify uh our draft of constitution in the next referendum we need to include every part of Iraq /.
As you know that under the terms of uh the law you could extend this drafting of the constitution for six months beyond the August fifteenth deadline do you think that might be necessary beyond the thirty days /?
Uh I assume you 're confirming that the thirty days uh will be required an additional thirty days /.
but would it be necessary to go an extra six months /?
No I ca n't uh confirm the thirty days now /.
But I can tell you every uh body in the political process be it Shia or Sunni Kurds or Arab Kaldo - Assyrians are so determined and the government is so determined , to meet all the deadlines and to not get any postponement of this uh political process because we believe that any delaying of the political process is going to play into the hands of the terrorists and of those who are adopting violence and they will claim victory that they have succeeded in delaying the political process /.
The Los Angeles Times this week uh suggested that the draft Iraqi constitution would include and let me read from the story in the Los Angeles Times Islam is the official religion of the state It is the basic source for legislation It is forbidden to pass a law that contradicts its fixed rulings /.
Is that true /?
Will Islam be the official religion of the state and the source of all law in Iraq /?
Uh well it does n't say the source of all laws /.
It says the basic source of laws /.
And remember /.
this is an Islamic country /.
The background the culture the history the identity of the country /-
uh uh um um an overwhelming majority of uh uh the population in this country are Muslims /.
so uh it 's very normal /.
it does not mean that there 's going to be a discrimination against other religions /.
uh we have uh a sizable and a large uh size community a Christian community /.
and they 're going to be very well respected /.
Also uh uh uh there are Sabians Yazidis and other religions /.
So they 're going to be all respected uh minorities in the country /.
What do you say to those who might fear though that Iraq a Shia dominated Iraq with Islam the official religion could turn out to be like its neighbor Iran /?
I think those who are claiming that they do not understand the nature of this country /.
This is a multi-societal country /.
This is a very heterogeneous country /.
Uh this is a country which is composed of uh all sorts of sects religion nationalities and uh uh ethnic minorities /.
And to form and establish uh uh a democratic a liberal uh system in Iraq no community should dominate /.
Uh democracy as you know Wolf is the rule of majority /.
but also it 's securing the rights of the minority as well /.
As you know there are a hundred thirty nine thousand or so US troops in Iraq right now /.
General George Casey the US military commander on the ground in Iraq suggested earlier in the week that perhaps that number could be significantly reduced beginning in the spring /.
is that an optimistic assessment or realistic /?
Uh I think it 's very realistic /.
The Prime Minister uh Jaafari has proposed to a series of meetings of the Ministerial Committee for National Security uh uh uh a proposal whereby the multinational forces will pull out from some of the provinces some of the cities where the security is okay /.
And the eh eh Iraqi police and new Iraqi army can uh maintain the security in these regions /.
So we believe that the multinational forces are ready to leave some of these cities some of the provinces and we take over uh the responsibility of the security of these uh provinces regions and large cities /.
so what is a realistic number for the spring /.
a hundred thirty - nine thousand going down to what /?
Uh let me uh give you some uh well approximate figures /.
Of course these figures are going to be condition based because until and unless the right conditions are created in some of these areas the multinational forces will not leave and the Iraqi government will not ask them to leave /.
and we are working very hard to create these conditions in some of these provinces and some of the regions as well as districts /.
Uh when the conditions are right then we will ask the multinational forces to leave uh these areas /.
Uh I would have a guess of a very good number in tens of thousands /.
they will leave in the first part in the first half of next year /.
And a considerable number uh of the multinational forces will probably leave Iraq uh by before the end of next year /.
So in other words it would go down from a hundred thirty - nine thousand to what let 's say by next summer a year from now /.
what would be a realistic number /?
I would n't like to uh guess a figure because I think this will play uh into the terrorists ' hands as well as it 's unfair /.
there are so many factors who are playing in this process /.
and one of it is the training of our Iraqi security forces /.
and the other is uh the uh level of insurgency and the level of violence and the terrorism uh the evaluation of our enemies and our Iraqi security forces /.
There are so many factors who are variables /.
there are so many are variables in this process /.
I do n't think uh we should uh guess numbers here /.
he said Only a small number of Iraqi security forces are taking on the insurgents and terrorists by themselves /.
a small percentage /.
How many Iraqi troops and police forces are fully capable of operating right now without US or multinational coalition assistance /?
Uh admittedly the number /-
I would n't go into percentages /.
but let me tell you something /.
by December we will have a total number of our Iraqi security forces uh including uh uh Iraqi policemen a new Iraqi army and counterterrorism special forces /.
uh they 're going to be in the region of two hundred thousand plus /.
By well before the end of the year /.
But of that two hundred thousand plus how many of them are fully capable right now to operate without US assistance /?
We hope by the end of the year uh probably more than a third of this uh uh security force Iraqi security force are going to be able to operate independently /.
And obviously you will need the multinational forces to stay over the horizon just in case uh they need the help /.
and they will get the help /.
There was a report released by the Pentagon and the State Department this past week on Iraqi military preparedness among other things /.
it said this /.
Recruitment and vetting procedures are faulty despite recent improvements /.
too many recruits are marginally literate /.
Some show up for training with criminal records or physical handicaps /.
and some recruits allegedly are infiltrating insurgents /.
Uh is that accurate /?
Uh uh admittedly Wolf we do have some problems in recruitment and the vetting procedure and uh the possible infiltration of our security forces /.
Uh we do have uh a few problems /.
but we have uh solutions as well /.
for the vetting procedure we have now established a uh uh procedure uh to scrutinize and meticulously vet our uh intelligence agencies ' uh recruits /.
We have also uh uh uh uh strengthened and tightened the recruitment procedure for the ministry of uh uh Interior and Ministry of Defense /.
Uh so we are doing the work /.
but remember /.
uh this is a country which we start a year ago with no single policeman no single new Iraqi army /.
And now uh we 're about to have a hundred and seventy thousand Iraqi security forces now /.
So you 're bound to in this process /-
And it 's a very quick fast process of recruitment and training /.
So you bound to have uh some mistakes /.
and we are addressing these mistakes /.
I ca n't deny that there are some mistakes /.
When will the trial the real trial of Saddam Hussein finally begin /?
Uh I would very much hope that he will be in the box in front of Iraqi people in an Iraqi specialists tribunal well before the fifteenth of uh October before we go for our referendum /.
Uh and to ask the people to say yes to that constitution on the fifteenth of October we will say this is your future and this Saddam Hussein gone into the past and gone with the wind if you like /.
So when do you think it will all be wrapped up uh would you guess /.
how long will this trial last /?
And can we assume he will get the death sentence /?
Well uh this is not going to be a political trial /.
We 're not going to allow Saddam Hussein to uh be another uh Milosevic /.
or uh uh is going to uh give us uh his rhetorics and his uh speeches on his nonsense /.
We are going to concentrate on the criminal side of it /.
and we stick to the criminal side of it /.
And we have now at least five completed files on crimes Saddam Hussein has committed /.
and we have some of these files /.
we have documents material evidence in his own handwriting in his red ink signature crimes he has committed and making orders to commit crimes /.
So each one of these five files we have now against Saddam Hussein uh probably well uh uh can execute him or uh can sentence him to death /.
But we are not going to make this a political one /.
We are not going to wait for ages until we uh uh get ready for all his crimes because if you wait for all his crimes probably we 'll wait all our life uh um um because his crimes are innumerable /.
So do you think that his trial will last weeks or months /?
/.
Well eh I would n't like to eh preempt or influence the trial because uh this is independent judicial uh process and I would not like to uh uh apply any pressure on the judge uh to uh speed up the trial /.
I think we 'll leave the judicial system to its own devices so that they will take their own time and they will uh sentence Saddam /.
But we will make this as an example in the Arab world in the Muslim world that this is going to be a fair just trial with a defense counsel in there with a uh uh proper eh prosecuting counsel as well there /.
and everybody will watch this trial live on television /.
We 're almost out of time Mr. al - Rubaie /.
but uh I know your prime minister Ibrahim al Jaafari is working on a multipoint plan to deal with life in Iraq right now /.
We see the images nearly daily insurgent car bombings suicide bombings improvised explosive devices /.
How do people go about their day to day activities living in this constant fear and manage to allow life to go forward under any semblance of normality /?
Well eh the prime minister has proposed a twelve point plan uh for the national security /.
and uh it was discussed in detail in the Ministerial Committee for National Security chain of meetings /.
And this plan uh uh incorporates coordination of our intelligence agencies /.
uh also it incorporates securing Baghdad as the capital of Iraq and also increasing the uh protection of the infrastructure uh uh formation of target oriented special forces uh uh also increasing the intelligence activity because you know this is a intelligence uh led war , this is not a traditional classical war /.
So uh it includes also the uh increase of the uh inclusion of political parties also the role of the people in /-
Those eight point five million who voted for this government what is their role in the security /.
Uh There are a lot of uh other issues uh uh which are included in this twelve points plan of Prime Minister Jaafari /.
Mowaffak Al Rubaie it was kind of you to spend some time with us here on Late Edition /.
thanks very much /.
good luck to you /.
and good luck to all the people of Iraq /.
Thank you very much for having me Wolf /.
And just ahead is a timetable set , should one be set , for US troops to start leaving Iraq /?
We 'll ask two key United States senators about that and more /.
Then Discovery 's mission /.
we 'll talk with NASA 's deputy shuttle program manager Wayne Hale about concerns over the shuttles ' safety /.
And later Egypt trying to recover from a deadly terrorist strike /.
We 'll talk with the country 's prime minister Ahmed Nazif about the global war on terror /.
Late Edition continues right after this /.
Our web question of the week asks this should religion play a role in Iraq 's new constitution /?
You can cast your vote /.
go to CNN dot com slash late edition /.
We 'll have the results later in the program /.
Straight ahead Democratic Senator Joe Lieberman and Republican Senator John Kyl /.
they 're standing by to weigh in on where things stand in Iraq the war on terror and much more /.
You 're watching Late Edition the last word in Sunday talk /.
I do believe we 'll still be able to take some fairly substantial reductions after these elections in the spring and summer next year /.
US Army General George Casey the head of coalition forces in Iraq talking this past week about the possible start of US troop withdrawals next year /.
Welcome back to Late Edition /.
Joining us now are two key members of the United States Senate /.
In his home state of Arizona Republican Senator Jon Kyl /.
he 's a member of the Judiciary Committee /.
And here in Washington Democratic Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut /.
He 's the ranking member of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committees /.
Senators welcome back to Late Edition /.
and Senator Kyl let me start with you /.
Is it realistic to assume that tens of thousands of US troops might be able to get out of Iraq by next summer /?
Well General Casey uh and the President and the other military advisers will make that decision /.
I do n't think we have any way of knowing right now whether that 's realistic /.
but it certainly is the hope /.
That 's why the Iraqis are being trained up in order to be able to take uh a lot of the fight that uh our military is engaged in right now /.
and obviously that is our hope and our expectation /.
Senator Lieberman what 's your expectation /?
Uh it 's a great goal /.
but um I 'm worried about projecting it too much to the point that we uh mislead people um /.
People like Senator Kyl and I who 've supported uh the war in Iraq uh know how important victory is /.
and we 've got to be very careful that we do n't just declare victory but we achieve victory that we do n't uh give encouragement frankly to those who have been pressing us to set a deadline for getting out of Iraq /.
You can only get out of Iraq when we achieve the mission /.
And uh unfortunately uh the recent reports we 've had from the Pentagon to the Senate Armed Services Committee about the state of readiness of the Iraqi security forces are not encouraging /.
Maybe they 'll make progress in the time between now and next spring /.
I hope so /.
there 's nothing I 'd like more than seeing the troops come back but only if circumstances justify it /.
Senator Kyl there 's one argument that 's being made that the Iraqis would be better off with a much smaller US military footprint there /.
and for one reason it would give greater pressure or put added pressure really on the Iraqi military really to take charge /.
Well and that 's the tension /. and Senator Lieberman is exactly correct /.
we ca n't leave until we 've achieved what we are there to achieve which is a secure country uh with the Iraqis being able uh to do it themselves /.
Uh but there 's always a tension between uh uh staying too long in order to do the job the way we would do it and yet giving them an opportunity to try their hand at it /.
And our military people are on the ground /.
they 're able to make those judgments /.
and I think we have to defer significantly to their judgment in that regard /.
The other argument on the other hand uh Senator Lieberman you hear from Senator McCain and others /.
the US does n't have enough troops to really get the job done /.
now more troops really should be added to the mix instead of withdrawing them /.
Well I 've said that along the way /.
I mean I 'll be real direct about it /.
I 'd be surprised if we do n't increase the number of American troops coalition forces we have on the ground between now and the end of this year because we have got the referendum on the constitution coming up , we 've got the election of the Iraqi assembly hopefully in December /.
Those are times when the terrorists are going to be looking to create havoc /.
and we want to secure the country as well as we did in January /.
So the number from a hundred thirty - nine may go up in the short term before it eventually starts to go down /?
I would not be surprised if it did /.
Look this leads to larger question just to mention briefly Wolf /.
a bunch of us in Congress worry that the Army that we have today is not big enough and we 're stressing it and the people in it sending people back to Iraq two three times /.
Um maybe I believe we do actually need uh uh an increase in the end strength of our Army so our commanders in the field will have the troops they need as the facts on the ground dictate /.
All right let 's move on /.
we 'll get to that subject uh on another occasion the overall strength of the US military /.
The war on terror Senator Kyl /.
what about your estimate right now /?
Is the US prepared for similar kinds of strikes that we have seen in recent days in London two series uh of attacks there as well as Sharm - el - Sheikh in Egypt /?
Uh Wolf that 's a question that has several different answers to it uh /.
The first answer is we can never assure uh the people in America that they are totally protected from that kind of attack /.
This country is wide open /.
we enjoy our freedoms /.
uh it is simply impossible to protect every single shopping center every single bus every single train or uh any other place where terrorists may wish to strike /.
And they adjust their tactics in order to find out what we are protecting and therefore what they want to uh change to uh to attack a softer kind of target that is n't protected /.
So our strategy is not only to do what we can in prioritizing protection of the homeland but frankly conducting offensive operations against the terrorists /.
and that 's where our emphasis should be /.
That means uh a very good intelligence capability both abroad and in the United States /.
That 's what makes the Patriot Act so important /.
But have you seen Senator Kyl a dramatic improvement in intelligence gathering human intelligence infiltrating these cells over the past few years on the part of the United States /?
It 's improved /.
I would n't call it a dramatic improvement /.
But it certainly is an improvement with things like the Patriot Act strengthening the FISA uh enforcement allowing the intelligence agencies and the FBI to talk to each other /.
We have gone uh since nine eleven without an attack here in the United States /.
We 've broken up cells /.
We 've arrested people put them in jail /.
We 've done the same abroad /.
We 've thwarted uh literally well over a hundred attacks abroad with an aggressive intelligence operation /.
So um the the war on terror is really a war with many fronts . The first and foremost uh among them being um trying to fight the enemy abroad and engaging in a significant intelligence operation to disrupt their ability to attack /.
Yet Senator Lieberman there are still widespread reports that the US does n't have enough human assets spies that are penetrating some of these cells some of these al Qaeda related organizations does n't have enough native speakers in Arabic or other languages part of these groups /.
Are you satisfied that there 's been enough improvement since nine eleven /?
No none of us should be satisfied /.
I do n't think anybody on Capitol Hill or in the administration is satisfied /.
We 're safer today than we were on nine eleven /.
We have a homeland security department /.
We have a recently reformed director of national intelligence /.
but are we uh uh /-
The key here as Jon Kyl said is intelligence /.
Look what did the terrorist attacks in London and Egypt in the last couple of week tell us /?
We are in a world war /.
Uh we 're in a world war that Islamist terrorists declared against the rest of the world /.
And the United States has been a target and surely will be again /.
And we 've got to do more to improve our intelligence /.
We 've got to do more to improve the security of our rail and transit systems /.
Senator Collins Susan Collins and I are going to do hearings on that in the fall /.
Let me bring Senator Kyl in and ask him this /.
then I 'll ask you Senator Lieberman to weigh in as well uh /.
A lot of the law enforcement authorities especially in New York City the police commissioner the mayor saying they 're not going to get involved in ethnic or racial or religious profiling whatsoever in dealing with potential threats to the trains the subways the buses /.
Should there though be an element of that kind of profiling in dealing with these issues Senator Kyl /?
There should be profiling /.
but it should n't be based on religion or race /.
Why not /?
what 's the answer that you give since most of these terrorists since nine eleven and even earlier have been Muslims have been Middle Eastern origin /?
A lot of viewers are asking me why should n't there be this kind of religious or ethnic or racial profiling /?
Because we care about the rights of our citizens and those who are visiting our country /.
But when I say it should n't be based on race or religion I do n't mean to exclude appearance /.
If we have a profile of some kind of killer in this society and frankly there 's {a} rapist on the loose in Arizona right now and there is a picture that 's been drawn by police uh artists of what this guy looks like . And anybody that has an appearance somewhat like him should expect to be profiled by the police here /.
By the way he happens to be a young white male apparently /.
But whatever the appearance of a potential terrorist is is fair game for profiling /.
But uh first of all it should n't be based at all on their faith /.
How do you know someone 's faith when you see them /?
And secondly in terms of uh ancestry or ethnicity that should simply be one uh of the factors of appearance that you profile /.
I want to take a quick break /.
but I want to let Senator Lieberman weigh in on this /.
The argument is that law enforcement authorities transportation security authorities they 're spinning a lot of wheels wasting a lot of time examining grandmothers and babies and making people take off their shoes when they should be focusing in on real threats as opposed to potential random threats out there /.
Uh the random threats are there /.
And look we have an intelligence to say that uh uh the terrorists groups including al Qaeda may use people Europeans for instance who are uh not appearing to be uh from Arabic background /.
But Jon Kyl has it right I think /.
we 're at a point where I 'm glad that the New York subway system is beginning to randomly search people getting out of the subways /.
we 've been much too lax about rail and transit security /.
We 've got to get to that /.
and you know appearance and ethnicity ought to be one of the factors that law enforcement is allowed to consider /.
Obviously if you 're wearing a heavy coat that 's a telltale sign /.
if you have a backpack on you ought {to} expect to be uh searched more frequently /.
we ought to look at random use of magnetometers as people get into rail transit /.
the enemy is out there /.
they 're trying to kill us /.
Now they have killed three thousand of us /.
Uh we 've got to be as tough as possible to protect people 's security /.
All right I want both of you to stand by /.
we have to take a quick break /.
When we come back we 'll continue our conversation with Senators Lieberman and Kyl /.
Up next though a quick check of what 's in the news right now including some late breaking developments in the London terror investigation /.
Late Edition will be right back /.
Hello I 'm Frederika Whitfield at the CNN center in Atlanta /.
And now in the news we have some new developments to tell you about in the London terror investigation /.
Sources tell CNN a suspect in Italian custody has told interrogators the failed attacks ten days ago were not linked to the deadly attacks earlier in the month /.
The suspect Hussain Osmond also claims the July twenty - first group was not working for Al Queda /.
And in southern England police have arrested six more suspects in the July twenty - first incident /.
In Iraq there is no let up in the violence /.
four US troops were killed last night by a road side bomb near Baghdad 's airport /.
Today just south of the Iraqi capital a road side bomb killed five people /.
nearly a dozen others wounded in that attack /.
For the crew of the space shuttle Discovery a mission extention /.
NASA has decided to add an extra day so astronauts can do more work /.
The return home is now set for a week from tomorrow /.
NASA says engineers have determined that Discovery can safely return to earth as is because the cracked thermal tiles do not pose a safety hazzard /.
I 'm Frederika Whitfield in Atanta /.
those are the headlines /. /.
much more of Late Edition right after this /.
Welcome back to Late Edition /.
I 'm Wolf Blitzer in Washington /.
We 're continuing our conversation with Democratic Senator Joe Lieberman of Connecticut and Republican Senator John Kyl of Arizona /.
Senator Lieberman is it a good idea for the President to give uh John Bolton what 's called a recess appointment skirting the US Senate as the next US ambassador to the UN /?
Uh it would have been a lot better idea for the administration to give the senators on the Foreign Relations Committee the information they said they needed and I think they were right uh before uh they could vote on the uh Bolton nomination /.
Then we would have had an up or down vote /.
and my guess is John Bolton would have been confirmed /.
and he would have gone to the UN uh uh without a cloud over his head /.
A recess appointment which I gather is coming for Bolton will send him there with a cloud over his head /.
But look he will be our UN ambassador /.
He 'll have the obvious uh authority of the President of the United States /.
And I think we 've got to hope he does the best job he can in a tough time important time up there /.
he would be Senator Kyl the first United States ambassador to the United Nations who did not get confirmation from the United States Senate /.
Is that a problem /?
Uh it would have been better had he been confirmed /.
but uh under the circumstances everybody at the UN will know that he 's the President 's man /.
Uh yeah he 's a tough guy /.
but I think they appreciate the fact that the President uh felt at this time in the UN 's history when it could use a little tough love John Bolton is the kind of guy to do the job that the President wants done there /.
Senator Lieberman uh based on what you know right now are you inclined to vote to uh confirm John Roberts as the next US associate justice of the Supreme Court /?
Too early to say Wolf /.
I think this is a nominee for whom the hearings before the Judiciary Committee are going to be real important /.
but I 'd say this /.
so far so good /.
You know I was a member of the group of fourteen uh /.
we got together to stop the so called nuclear option that Senator Frist was talking about /.
But I think in a larger sense we were saying to the President Mr. President uh I hope you 'll send us someone who does n't blow the place up does n't create his own or her own sort of nuclear option /.
uh and I think that the President has done that /.
Some may vote against /.
Uh but this is a clearly very very accomplished nominee /.
And we have to know more about how he thinks on issues /.
There are some conservatives uh Senator Kyl as you know who are a little concerned that he does n't have the paper trail on abortion rights issues on other issues that would make him more acceptable uh to you /.
Who are you very pleased or moderately pleased with John Roberts /?
I think he 's an excellent nominee /.
Uh frankly if there are people on the left or the right that are not sure how he 's going to rule on a case that 's fine by me /.
He 's a judge /.
He 's supposed to take the facts when they 're given to him apply the law and make a decision /.
And I think he 's the kind of person who based on his previous experience uh including his most recent experience as a judge on the court of appeals has demonstrated that he 'll do exactly that /.
/.
An excellent nominee /.
Uh the Senate majority leader Bill Frist this week Senator Kyl came out in favor of an expanded version of stem cell research beyond what the President would like breaking with the President /.
Are you influenced by what Senator Frist says /?
Are you now about to go along with him /?
Well I 'm certainly influenced by what Senator Frist says because he 's a respected physician /.
He knows the subject very well /.
Uh in this particular case I agree with his previous position and that of the President /.
I 'll certainly listen to all of the debate and anything that Senator Frist Dr. Frist has to say /.
but my own views reflect uh those of the President on this matter /. /.
So you do n't have an open mind /.
is that what you 're saying /?
No /. you know uh my father always used to say always have an open mind /.
but remember there 's a difference between an open mind and a hole in the head /.
So I 'll apply my own judgment and be open - minded /.
but again I have basic principles that I apply to decisions as well /.
Senator Lieberman uh what about you /?
Uh I 've been for more funding for stem cell research /.
it 's one of the most exciting uh medical developments of our age /.
it could bring better treatments even cures for diseases that cause a lot of pain and death to millions of people /.
I thought Bill Frist 's uh statement this week took a lot of guts /.
he changed a position he had /.
but that 's human nature /.
and you 've got the confidence to do that /.
Very significant /.
I believe now that the Senate will pass the legislation that we 're talking about which is more funding for stem cell research on frozen embryos that are extra basically have been set aside for in - vitro fertilization /.
I think we 're going to pass it by more than the two thirds required to overturn an expected presidential veto /.
and it 's really the right thing to do /.
But that also has to pass in the House of Representatives where you may not have the votes /.
You 're absolutely right /.
so unfortunately the outcome is in doubt /.
but a lot of lives are on the line here /. /.
Senator Lieberman Senator Kyl I want to thank both of you for joining us /.
always good to have you on Late Edition /.
Thank you /.
Thank you /.
Coming up next , Discovery 's astronauts are hard at work in space today /.
but is the future of the US shuttle program in jeopardy /?
We 'll get answers from deputy shuttle program manager Wayne Hale when Late Edition continues /.
We were wrong /.
and we missed something /.
and uh we have to go figure out what it was and uh go fix it /.
John Shannon the shuttle flight operations manager for NASA talking about the piece of foam that broke off the Discovery shuttle shortly after lift - off this past Tuesday /.
That mishap prompted NASA to ground all future shuttle flights /.
Still Discovery 's mission the first US manned space trip since the Columbia shuttle explosion in two thousand three is being extended by one day /.
Just a short while ago I spoke with shuttle program deputy manager Wayne Hale from the Johnson Space Center in Houston Texas /.
Wayne Hale welcome to Late Edition /.
thanks very much for joining us /.
So I guess the key question on everyone 's mind right now are those astronauts uh in danger upon their return to Earth /?
good morning it 's good to be here /.
and the answer to that is of course they are /.
Returning from Earth orbit , traveling twenty - five thousand uh feet per second seventeen thousand miles an hour , coming to a complete dead stop at a runway in Florida that is a hazardous operation /.
The way we minimize the risk and maximize the safety for the crew is by thorough engineering analysis and review of every potential hazard /.
And we are in the process of doing that /.
And we believe that the crew will be as safe as normal coming back uh when we get ready to a week from today /.
Are they in greater danger because of that miscalculation of that small piece of foam emerging upon lift - off /?
Well the short answer is no /.
That uh piece of foam missed the vehicle /.
and any damage that might have occurred is uh hypothetical /.
That is the problem that we have to solve for the next flight /.
For this flight we understand what happened in terms of damage to the orbiter /.
And we believe it will be safe to re-enter /.
Is that a hundred percent sure now that they will return a week from tomorrow uh aboard the Discovery shuttle as opposed to some emergency procedure that might be required to bring them back /?
We have maintained the emergency uh rescue vehicle on stand by /.
and we will continue to do that for a couple more days until we have completed all our entry analysis /.
At that time we 'll release the uh Atlantis for its normal processing for its next flight /.
So as of right now we have not taken a rescue off the table /.
but we think the probability is remote /.
Listen to what a former NASA engineer Bob Dougherty said to our Miles O'Brien on Friday about the possibility of this rescue emergency vehicle being required /.
I wrote a letter to the President telling him that we should n't have a full crew on this thing /.
We should only fly four people because of situations like this /.
That 's what he said /.
Well the rescue vehicle if it 's required will have only four people on it /.
We have provisions to bring back the entire seven person crew of Discovery if required in an emergency situation /.
We certainly do n't think that 's going to happen at this point /.
But we 're holding that preparation um in readiness in case something changes /.
how do you do that /.
do you have to have the same rescue vehicle go back and do that twice /.
is that what you 're saying /?
No the uh rescue vehicle Atlantis is outfitted so that we launch it with a crew of four and we have seating for the full Discovery crew plus the four on the rescue vehicle /.
We 'll be bringing home eleven persons if that became a necessary thing to do /.
We 've made the accommodations /.
we 've built the recumbant seats um and the other emergency provisions to bring back that larger crew on a single rescue flight if required /.
How did this miscalculation happen /?
You know we looked very hard at the foam on the pal ramp before flight /.
We looked at it with uh X ray light machines /.
We looked at it with a special uh high frequency radar type machine to look at any small voids or um areas where the glue that binds it to the uh substrate might have come loose /.
Uh we did not see anything of significance /.
So right now we are scratching our heads trying to understand what mechanism caused this piece of foam to come off /.
It must be different than the uh mechanism that we had identified earlier uh and had done work on other areas to prevent uh foam loss from occurring /.
So the engineers are going to have to take another look at this /.
Uh we thought we understood what we had /.
clearly we were wrong /.
And more work is required /.
The Los Angles Times had an editorial on Thursday that included a uh shocking line /.
I just want to find out if it 's true /.
It said this /.
The aged shuttle Discovery is twenty - one years old /. /.
are already at more than twice their intended design life /.
Engineers are sometimes reduced to hunting for obsolete hardware and electronics on Ebay /.
Is that true /?
Well the shuttle was designed for a hundred flights in ten years /.
And uh the Discovery for example almost twenty years old has flown thirty times /.
So in terms of length of time they are older than they were designed for /.
But we have in fact upgraded areas /.
We have ongoing programs to evaluate the effects of pure age on hardware /.
This hardware is very well maintained /.
We have uh environmentally controlled areas where we do all our work /.
so we believe we understand the effect of aging on our equipment /.
some of the ground test equipment that was designed in the late seventies or early eighties that has not been updated /.
Occasionally they have had to go to some unusual places to find replacement parts /.
but that 's the ground equipment uh that we 're referring to not the flight equipment /.
Including eBay /?
uh I 'm not sure exactly where they 've gone /.
but they have told me they 've had to be very ingenious sometimes to find some of these older electronic parts /.
We 're almost completely out of time /.
but a quick question /.
When do you believe if it happens the next shuttle will take off /?
Well we are putting together a team that will go off and do an investigation uh and come up with the solution on this problem /.
and I am very hopeful that the delay will be short /.
Uh it 's our intention to get to the bottom of this and fix it in a very rapid manner /.
We have windows in September November December and uh then in February /.
And uh I believe we 'll be flying in one of the near term windows /.
But the point of the matter is we must understand what this problem was caused by this pal ramp foam loss problem and provide a solution to it because it 's unacceptable to fly until we fix it /.
Well good luck uh to all of NASA especially those astronauts on board the Discovery /.
and we 'll be praying and hoping for the best /.
Thanks very much Mr. Hale for joining us /.
Thank you very much Wolf /.
And do n't forget our Web question of the week should religion play a role in Iraq 's new constitution /.
you can cast your vote /.
Go to CNN dot com slash late edition /.
we 'll have the results in the next hour /.
We 'll be right back /.
There 's much more ahead on Late Edition including Egypt 's prime minister Akmed Alze the pressure for political reform inside his own country and much more /.
Then a successful reign in terror in Great Britian /.
We 'll assess the lingering threat uh in United States and around the world from three security experts /.
Late Edition continues right at the top of the hour /.
Yes they did /.
and they were not the first company that approached me /.
but I am not selling medicine or pharmaceuticals /.
I 'm sort of about selling a full body approach to wellness /.
Um there 's a big gap between those that are mentally ill and the general population /.
Something like eight to twenty years less life expectancy with mental illness /.
Really /?
People are not able to care for themselves /.
They do n't make regular checkups with their doctor /.
They medicate with alcohol and too much food /.
And because of those lifestyle choices you know they 're dying sooner /.
So I really wanted to get out and address that and offer some common sense approaches /.
Do you use medication too /?
I do use medication /.
Do you name the drug you take /?
Alright let 's go back Linda /.
I do not name the drug /.
I do n't really feel that that 's responsible to name any drug /.
When was that first day problem /?
Well looking back I feel that a lot of my life there was a problem /.
As a teenager you mean /?
As a teenager even as a younger girl I had some depression /.
but no one really noticed it was depression /.
nor did I know in those days that that 's what it was /.
But I did feel different from other people /.
Um I was in hiding a lot of my childhood although I had a wonderful upbringing and a very normal middle class upbringing /.
Where 'd you grow up /?
In Maryland on the Chesapeake Bay /.
Ah North West /.
Salisbury Maryland /.
What 'd your father do /?
My father was a doctor /.
Oh /.
who died when I was five /.
Oh /.
But he was also diagnosed with bipolar disorder /.
In those days they called it manic depression /.
But he had extreme mood swings and died in a car crash when I was five /.
And so it 's hard to separate you know what was the reality for me /.
Was it loss of father that drove me into depression /?
And you know we can all look around and find situations that fuel a certain feeling in our lives /.
But I realize now looking back over my life that I was really just in hiding um comforted myself with food , I was a compulsive eater /.
Overweight /?
By the time I was in high school I was a hundred and seventy pounds /.
and I was just very alone in life /.
Did you get uh moody a lot /?
I was moody /.
but I think it was only when I got out of my childhood home and started having the freedom to be the wild girl and express all that was inside of me that I really got into trouble /.
Were you a wild girl /?
I was a wild girl /.
I was a real alcoholic for the longest time /.
I messed with drugs /.
I mean I 've come through a lot of things /.
Did you go to college /?
I was a chaotic mess even at the age of twenty two /.
I think that was probably the lowest of the low for me when I was twenty two years old and went into a therapist 's chair with such a broken heart such a broken life you know and a friend that had recently died just sort of pushed me over the edge /.
and you know it 's the best thing I ever did /.
I sought help for twenty years /.
I worked tirelessly to conquer my behaviors /.
You were in therapy for twenty years /?
For twenty years different therapies different body work acupuncture /.
I 've worked with psychiatrists therapists healers /.
No I mean I am a seeker /.
so I worked really hard to kind of curtail those behaviors /.
but I could not be in charge or in control of my behavior until I went on medicine when I got the proper diagnosis /.
and then I was able for the first time in my life to step back /.
Did you go to college /?
I went to college for two years /.
What school /?
Ah I went to Washington College in Chestertown Maryland /.
Did you have problems there /?
Um I was an outsider even then /.
I lived off campus /.
never really felt like I belonged in the college drama department /.
I was always sort of separate /.
Um and then when I realized that my real passion was for acting I took the rest of my money and my college fund and moved to New York and studied and maintained rather well in New York /.
When I got to Los Angeles at the age of twenty two all hell broke loose /.
Even though you got acclaim and did well /.
so how do you explain /?
That 's a dichotomy /.
I mean some of us are luckier than others /.
What was your break /?
Even though I say you know that I was under the you know terrible burden of mental illness I think there was a real survivor streak in me and a real fighter and a real fierceness /.
and maybe that 's what people saw and hired me for you know cause I was really just going to keep pushing until I got free of all of the things that were bothering me /.
What was your first break in LA /?
My first break was a movie for television that I did with Mickey Roarke /.
Mickey Roarke was just breaking big at the time /.
and I replaced an actress actually who was just in over her head /.
Mickey I think was an intimidating presence /.
and they had hired a girl who had done very little had done a lot of stage work but just was n't prepared to come to work and face Mickey Roarke /.
uh remember the Greta Rideout and John Rideout story the first woman who sued her husband for rape /?
I played her in a film with Mickey /.
When you hit it big with Terminator and everything was going fantastic for you you were still bipolar , right /?
Well very much /.
and somehow the bigger the life the bigger the illness /.
It just kept growing the illness my behavior /.
so you 'd get into a certain pattern of behavior /.
and now you 're dealing with a pattern of behavior as well as an emotional illness /.
So this did n't help it /?
No no I think it gave me a wonderful arena in which to act out all my rage /.
I 'd be like you 're really good at being mad /.
But uh for success it 's all about how you feel about yourself inside /.
and inside I was just a scared and out of control hurt little girl for most of my life /.
Did marriages help /?
No um /.
You had two /?
As a matter of fact I would say /-
yes two marriages one to James Cameron and before that to Bruce Abbot /.
I have a child with each /.
I would like to take this moment to say that I was n't married to Peter Horton which is sort of all over the websites that I 've been married three times so I look like /-
But that 's false information /.
I was never married to Peter Horton /.
How old are the children /?
Um how old are the children /?
My son is sixteen /.
and my daughter is twelve /.
And how are they doing /?
They 're doing well /.
Any signs of bipolar in them /?
No /.
but boy they have someone that 's watching them all the time for any signs /.
We have a household where we talk about our feelings and make sure that no one is afraid to speak of what 's going on /.
I just find it strange that in this world everyone is so easy to talk about the superficial you know and how people look and what they do to their faces but no one is really having the dialog of what 's going on inside of them /.
And I think that I hid my symptoms pretty well for most of my life /.
But there 's still a raging war going on /.
We 'll ask Linda when it got its worst , how bad it got , what were some of the concepts she had to go through /.
We 'll be taking your calls at the bottom of the hour /.
Tomorrow night Rod Stewart /.
We 'll repeat the Roseanne Barr interview Sunday night and Monday night /.
This is an eclectic show /.
Colin Powell Robert Downey Jr. and Sharon Stone /.
Way to make a living /.
We 'll be right back /.
We 're back with Linda Hamilton /.
Were you comfortable because of the illness being frantic /?
Actually I think that was a pretty ordinary place for me to go to /.
So it was n't hard for you to go nuts , right /?
I was frantic inside /.
No /.
And to just sort of let it get out there in a way that was you know safe /.
At its height how bad was it /?
What would you hallucinate /?
Um it was not terrible hallucinations /.
at its height the biggest low was uh the birth of my second child and a post-partem depression that followed which was very much like a psychosis /.
I could n't leave the house without thinking that they were going to be chopped into bloody pieces /.
I mean I had visions /.
I could n't leave my house without feeling /-
you know at this point I had gone through thirteen nannies or something /.
and I just did not feel that my kids were going to be OK if I was not in the house protecting them /.
Did you ever think you would harm them /?
That happens sometimes /.
Um no I have not ever felt that /.
but I know people that have /.
and I praise God that that did n't happen to me /.
Did you have hallucinations too /?
Not hallucinations as you would call them but cyclical thoughts that repeated terrible sleep disturbances /.
Months would go by where I would n't get a decent night 's sleep , where it would literally feel like I could n't sleep /.
I had anxiety attacks /.
How did your husbands deal with this /?
Well um I was a challenge /.
I think Jim said to me once I like who I leave in the morning but I do n't always know who I 'm going to come home to at night because depending on what had happened during the day if something had distressed me , a small thing had become a huge thing and I could n't let it go and I could n't forgive and I could n't get out of myself and I just could n't let go /.
He directed you , did he not /?
Yes he did /.
Was that hard or easy /?
Well he directed me long before we fell in love and had a relationship /.
and it was actually a long time before because it was 1984 when we first met and did the first Terminator /.
So I had known him more than ten - fifteen years before we got married /.
Could you work while depressed like Mike Wallace /?
Yes I could work /.
Yes I think there was an element of real survivor in me that was very highly functioning during most of this /.
And even with the alcohol abuse I think most people in my life did not notice that I was putting away enormous amounts of alcohol /.
Did n't notice it /?
Did n't notice it /.
Um it 's amazing how tricky we can be /.
um or a lot of people must think that they 're getting away with something /.
but everyone really does notice /.
But I tell you /.
there was no one in my life at that point saying hey you need help /.
Suicidal thoughts /?
Um more about not wanting to be alive , not knowing how to thrive , not knowing what hope was /.
It was a very bleak existence /.
but I never would have taken the action to kill myself um just cause I 'm a real nice girl and a pleaser and I could n't have done that to my family /.
Someone said once when you 're really depressed good news and bad news are the same news /.
You could inherit five million dollars or lose five million dollars /.
it do n't change how you feel /.
True /?
True true /.
And no amount of counseling and therapy and taking my past apart helped /.
I would understand that I had lost my father , therefore I was creating one relationship after another of abandonment /.
And you know that for years going into it and still ca n't control the behavior /.
It was very frustrating /.
At a certain point I was just completely handicapped /.
I did not know /.
I said give me a behaviorist then /.
I 've got to change these behaviors /.
The rage /.
Yeah what happened when you had a rage /?
I would throw Jim 's stuff out of the house /.
so it would be waiting for him when he came home at night /.
This could be over a small thing /?
Yes /.
um and I just would n't give in /.
If he would n't apologize I could n't go to any other place except I wish this had n't happened /.
And that 's no way to live a life /.
What was your love life like /?
Well my two husbands were the sum of my love life /.
um and both of them were incredibly loving /.
My first husband I think was just especially unprepared for someone who had such extreme mood swings you know so much joy and the other side of that was so much sadness /.
And does it go away in a minute /?
It must be exhausting for anybody around to not know who you 're going to be next /.
In a minute we 'll ask Linda what happened to bring it to a head , how she turned a corner /.
Linda Hamilton /.
Want more information /.
you can go to www dot complete wellness approach dot com /.
We 'll ask how that works too /.
Do n't go away /.
Have a twin sister /?
I do have a twin sister /.
Is she bipolar /?
I ca n't talk about that /.
It 's her mental illness or not /.
Is she still acting /?
She 's not an actor /.
she 's a nurse /.
Oh really /.
She doubled me in a couple moments there /.
Yes she did me a favor /.
Got a sense of what it 's like /.
Are you close /?
She 's a dear heart /.
Yes we are very /.
What was the turning point of you /?
Did you get so low that /-
What happened that you got wellness /?
I lost two marriages /.
um and I had been misdiagnosed or sort of half diagnosed with depression years before /.
Um I do n't even know that there was a real antidepressant in those days /.
Nobody mentioned that as a possible for me /.
but I finally did go on medication for the depression /.
and then of course like it 's just an interesting phenomena that people that have mental illness will not stay on their medication /.
They start to feel a little relief /.
and then they /-
we 're not programmed to take pills if we start to feel good /.
We feel good /.
and all the sudden we do n't feel that we need the medication anymore /.
And that happens at least two times out of three with people on medicine /.
I first took myself off thinking that I was through the critical period /.
and then I went through a total tale spin chemically and really just could not get up off the couch /.
I had two young children /.
and I did not know how to get up at night to put them to bed /.
So who did you turn to /?
um my family doctor was a tremendous help /.
He had given me some medicine to have in my drawer if I ever decided I wanted to go that route /.
I decided not to go that route but to work with exercise and nutrition /.
and I was largely successful for a year and a half /.
but it was six hours of exercise a day /.
I mean it was so much /.
Compulsive /.
Yes another compulsion because those endorphins made me feel better /.
Well let me see what I can do /.
I was so resistant and I think like a lot of us afraid that the best part of me is going to be dimmed and dulled and suddenly I would n't know how to act anymore /.
but you know when you really are a candidate for the medicine and need it there are n't any real side effects /.
You need it /.
and um /-
So what made you go back on regular /?
Well when I realized that it was costing me too much to just keep myself in a normal place every day /.
What other people call normal I would have to climb there every single day /.
Any difference between depression and bipolar /?
Is there any depression /?
I mean are they the same /?
I mean any different /?
No they 're not the same at all /.
Uh bipolar disorder is characterized by mood swings severe mood swings /.
and it can um go through cycles where you are in the manic stage then in the depressed stage for months on end /.
is depression /.
It 's a high , right /?
Could be manic /.
but when you 're manic you know you 're almost hearing voices /.
It 's incredible /.
And um it 's often misdiagnosed because nobody goes to their doctor and says hey I feel incredible , I can solve all of the world 's problems /.
Give me five minutes and a team /.
and we 're th- you know /.
But the drugs have been amazing like lithium and others have been amazing /.
Balance /.
Alright what 's the Complete Wellness Approach /?
It 's an incredible feeling /.
but nobody goes complaining to their doctor about that /.
True /.
to just create that equalizer and balance is something I never knew about /. /.
The Complete Wellness Approach is a campaign that was started by Eli Lily and company um in conjunction with the University of Medicine and Dentistry in New Jersey /.
Ah a team of health care professionals led by a wonderful woman named Betty Breeland has developed a treatment /.
Um going around teaching teams to treat people with mental illnesses with the whole body /.
There 's a big gap that needs to be bridged /.
People are treated from here up or here down /.
and so because they are not being looked at for their overall health a lot of people are dying prematurely /.
So this is just a real basic common sense approach /.
More water more exercise free tips and resources to help people with mental illnesses um uh choose healthier lifestyles dealing with nutrition um so that if there are side effects from a drug that is working for them but there is a weight gain /.
you know that can be devastating for someone with um depression or a mental illness /.
But this is just a campaign to sort of help doctors caregivers um treat the whole person not just the mental illness /.
Why do they live less /?
Well um I would venture a guess that is um lack of energy to -- you know /.
they 're so busy dealing with their heads /.
I like to say about myself and most of my life that it was all about me and it was still loud and crowded /.
There was no time for me to see you know what my place in the world was and what else I might be doing for myself because it just took everything to get through the day /.
For want of a better word do you feel cured /?
I feel that I am managing my mental illness /.
Still have it /?
Yes I think that I need to remember that it is there um that there are certain things that I need to do /.
I really want to um stress that there 's no magic pill for everyone /.
that 's why I ca n't sell medication /.
There 's no such thing as a pill that works the same for everyone /.
The pills have been an amazing story though /.
Um for me yes /.
But for me it was a combination of twenty years of hard work and looking um exercise /-
for me it is just necessary to exercise /.
I 've got this huge busy brain /.
I need to go and sweat for an hour and do my weights for a half an hour or an hour /.
Not every day /.
It 's no longer the compulsion /.
but I just know that that helps me feel better /.
More water just water for sodas just simple approach /.
But we can get people living longer healthier lives yeah /.
And when you contact the website you get more information /?
Um tools and tips about how to bring some better health into your life questionnaires that you can pull down that you can take to your doctor about your general health /.
And so it 's just about being your own advocate and um you know trying to collaborate in your whole body health /.
You said how your general practitioner helped you /.
A lot of them are not knowledgeable in this area , are they /?
True /.
Are you dating /?
Which is why you know if this information is out there /-
it 's the age of information /.
and we need to just get as informed as we can about what other things might help us live healthy lives /.
Nope /.
You sound happy about that /.
You do n't want a relationship /?
I think I 'm over the urge right now /.
I 've got so much relationship with my children /.
I do n't want to parade men through their lives /.
I have two very whole relationships with my ex-husbands /.
You still see them /?
all the time /.
We are a tribe you know /.
We have found our way /-
Are they friendly your two ex-husbands /?
to work on behalf of /-
Completely /.
So /.
That 's great /.
If I 'm out of town and there is a crisis husband number two calls husband number one /.
and I feel that it is a tremendous victory that we have all been able to get together and be healthy /.
How about acting /?
There is that coming up I hope /.
I 'm um just getting ready to do a character arc in a new show for FX called Beef /.
You were Beauty and the Beast /.
And /-
I was /.
We 'll take a break and come back go to your phone calls /.
I was /.
For Linda Hamilton that website is www dot complete wellness approach dot com /.
Do n't go away /.
That 's with Ron Pearlman and Beauty and the Beast /.
Good show /.
Why 'd you leave that /?
Oh /.
Pregnant with my son /.
Ah just joined us it 's Linda Hamilton /.
Going to go to your calls /.
She is a paid advocate for Complete Wellness a whole person treatment approach that considers both the emotional and physical health of persons living with severe and persistent mental illness /.
The Complete Wellness Approach is sponsored by Eli Lilly in partnership with The University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey /.
The website for complete information is www dot complete wellness approach that 's one word dot com /.
We 'll go to calls for Linda /.
Scottsdale Arizona hello /.
First of all Linda you look phenomenal /.
Hey thank you /.
And I 'd like to get Ms. Hamilton 's take on Tom Cruise 's statement of zero medications towards uh any mental or physical illness /.
Thank you Larry /.
K /.
I think that it would be arrogant to say that something is bad for everyone /.
Um I think that it would be very irresponsible to deprive a lot of people of the hopefulness of a treatment um any more than I could say that my medication works well for everyone /.
You know it is a very individualized thing mental health /.
and I think that the words that should be banned from this English language are you should do this or you should never do that /.
You know I think we need to remain flexible and allow you know people to deal with their own mental conditions with their doctors and it 's none of our business /.
Right true true /.
Well I am very careful with um you know toe the line /-
I tend to go the other way and say that whatever you can find that works for you you should embrace and hold on to and just make it work /.
Boulder Colorado hello /.
Hello hi first I want to say I really respect your coming forward to help others about this and I think that 's a wonderful admirable thing /.
I 'm wondering what advice you have for spouses of someone with a mental illness particularly someone who is n't currently diagnosed , how to avoid misdiagnosis , just what can I do to help my husband and make sure that he does n't go through what you went through and uh any advice /.
Well I think it must be a very scary situation to be with someone you know needs help /.
I can tell you that the things that helped me most were the friends that looked at me and said we love you and we know that you can not help who you are being right now the way that you 're acting , that you can not control your behavior /.
But they um you know embraced me and let me know that they were beside me and behind me and that possibly I should just look a little further for some answers instead of jumping all over me and condemning me for my bad behavior /.
Um you know I did have a group of loving and supportive friends who said we 're going to see you through this and you need some help and let 's keep looking /.
It 's hard though to be close to someone who is screaming at you /.
Absolutely /.
or who is not talking or who is in a depressed state and locking the door to the bathroom and staying in there for fourteen hours /.
Ah /.
I mean I have to tell you that when I married my first husband Bruce I went into hiding for the first year /.
I just started reading books /.
I mean the man married me /.
and I went into hiding for a year /.
I still do n't know what that was about /.
but imagine being a newlywed and having a wife that just disappears in the bedroom reading science fiction fantasy novels for a year /.
You know um you ca n't really explain what a depression is or where it comes from to someone that does n't understand /.
but if you could offer him um the freedom and the kindness to go and talk to somebody and seek the help and keep seeking the help that will help him a lot /.
Redwing Minnesota hello /.
Hi ah hi Larry hi Linda /.
Hi /.
Hi /.
And I just wanted to say you are such an encouragement /.
I am currently trying to find out the mood swings and the anger and the shoving people away /.
But you are such an encouragement /.
and I am so very glad you are out there in our face so to speak and letting us know that people will support us /.
And I 've got such a fantastic fantastic husband /.
He 's my hero /.
What 's your question /?
Oh I 'm glad for you /.
I just um wanted to say how long approximately it took to find something /.
Did you have to try several medications /?
you know it 's a little scary /.
but I 'm very encouraged by you /.
Well yes /.
Um I wish you the best /.
I just want you to know that I have such a compassionate heart for people that are going through this /.
and I think it 's important to know that you 're not alone , that there are millions of us and that we 're all sharing the burden with you right now /.
Um I was lucky in that the first medication that I found worked for me /.
It was a huge fear of mine that it would n't work and that I 'd have to be a pin cushion and try this one /.
I mean the first time I talked to a pharmacologist and he tried to put me on this and said well if it does n't work , we 'll take this off and then we 'll put you on this I was like no thank you and left you know because I was so afraid that that would happen /.
But you 'll be on it the rest of your life /?
But um I 'm getting better every year /.
I mean I 'm still getting better /.
you know I 've been on medication now for eight years /.
and every year is just richer and richer because I 'm really returning to who I was meant to be , who my parents raised /.
Yes /.
You accept that /?
In the bipolar phase when the swing is high you must feel terrific /.
I accept that and um renounce it /.
Totally terrific /.
And it could swing low in an hour /?
It can you know /.
um I used to say it would be like walking down a street and falling into a manhole cover you know an uncovered manhole and then you know just like disappearing /.
All of the sudden I would disappear /.
and then I could n't find my way back up /.
The smallest thing /.
Back with more calls for Linda Hamilton /.
Do n't go away /.
That was from a nineteen eighty - two film her first film acting with her first husband Bruce Abbot /.
Ha ha /.
That was titled Tag the Assassination Game /.
Ha ha /.
I never heard of this movie /.
neither did anybody else /.
What was it whoever tagged who first /?
Oh ah right /.
Tag you 're It /.
Yes it was actually based on a college game that was really um wildly famous at the time yeah /.
How old were you there /?
Dart Gun /.
You 're like a little child look younger /.
Kallabassas California hello /.
How old was I /?
I was about twenty - five maybe mhm /.
Hi um I thank you Larry so much um for having Linda on your show /.
Um I 'm a therapist in Kallabassas specializing in mood disorders /.
and Linda I just want to tell you that um there is nothing better that you can do for individuals that are struggling um with the diagnosis /.
There is um a lot of shame /.
and when individuals like you take the time to do what you 're doing um being so authentic and open it just destigmatizes it /.
Not only that but the information that you 're giving /.
I 'm learning from listening to you /.
Um I 'm uh incredibly touched by what you have to say /.
and um you were talking about your children and how it is at home /.
and I just wondered if you had any more suggestions for parents who may have children that /-
you know sometimes they 're misdiagnosed with ADD /.
and I do n't want to get off the topic /.
but just anything that you could say to parents that might be struggling with children going through this process /.
Well I think the best uh that anybody can do and I sort of offer this to anyone is to just start the dialog with your children um talk to them about their moods and how they really feel /.
You know you have to watch the behaviors too and see if they you know seem to be keeping something back /.
But just start the dialog /.
I guess because I grew up depressed you know I remind my children every day that there is absolutely nothing that ca n't be talked about and solved with the right team of people but they have to be willing to speak because I think the secret keeping and all of that shame compounds over the years and then you have such a huge amount to get through with someone /.
So we just encourage open dialog in our family so that we can um attack everything together and they feel supported no matter what comes up /.
since the gene is there do you watch your children /.
and do you get a little worried at the first thing that looks wrong /?
That 's normal /.
Uh yes I do /.
yes I do /.
It is normal /.
Tacoma Washington hello /.
Yeah you 're on /.
Yeah you 're on /.
Yes Linda um um I do n't know if I 'm on or not /.
OK /.
Uh first of all I 'd like to thank you for stressing the fact that when you feel good you do n't take your medications /.
And uh I found that to be true /.
I had training in mental health and also worked in drugs and alcohol in a women 's prison and found that there are so many women in prison who have that same problem in terms of bipolar and were self medicating and they 're in prison for a great amount of time and when they are released then they go off the medication if they are on it /.
And it 's just so important for you to bring up these subjects /.
and it is so sad to see so many women /.
My question is is there any work being done to help those women who are in prison /?
Um you know I 'm not qualified to answer that /.
I would hope so /.
Um I 'll look into it /.
I know you will /.
Ha ha uh ha /.
You use /-
But um you know there is just a huge general population out there that needs help /.
And although I 'm not encouraging people to take medicine , if they are on a medicine that works for them rule number one is to stay on that medicine /.
You used alcohol /.
Did you ever use other drugs /?
Um yes all of them /.
Um I mean what I 've been through /-
but yes I was a cocaine addict /.
You 've beat everything /.
you 've /-
you know I mean I do n't want to sound like I 'm bragging /.
but you know I /.
Sorry mom and dad too /.
You beat everything /.
Ever tempted /?
are you ever tempted /?
Uh but /-
Yeah /.
but I 've done them all /.
and you know I do n't know how I managed to get through my life /.
I am so lucky that you know the powers that be were looking after me /.
No no it is a wonderful gift that I am no longer tempted /.
Again that 's www dot complete wellness approach dot com /.
Robert Downey Jr. Colin Powell and Sharon Stone on Monday /.
We 'll be right back /.
Take another call /.
Kroten New York hello /.
Uh hello /.
Hi /.
Um ha ha I 'm doing deep breathing here /.
I 'm having like a panic attack waiting to be on television /.
Uh um uh I 'm sixty years old /.
and I 've been going through this since I was sixteen years old /.
and my life has been a complete nightmare /.
and it 's in my family big time /.
and they seem to believe that you can control this yourself /.
and uh nobody has seen doctors or been medicated /.
and they 're on my case because I ca n't get myself together /.
Aw /.
And um I 've lost you know my whole life because of this and being in debt from depression and manic spending and you know never had insurance ca n't afford the medication /.
I ca n't afford the doctors ca n't afford the medicine /.
and you know I went bankrupt /.
I got foreclosed upon /.
I lived in my car /.
I lived in a series of run down motels with like you know people from the Jerry Springer Show /.
and um I was wondering does Eli Lilly sponsor any clinical trials or anything because um you know I do n't know what to do /.
Most pharmaceutical companies do if you ca n't afford it help you /.
I know they do /.
yes /.
I do n't know if Eli Lilly does that /.
but I 'm very sorry to hear that your family /-
I mean that 's one of the things that I hear all the time Oh I do n't believe in depression you know /.
and you know lives are lost /.
A whole lifetime is lost with families in denial /.
I wonder if indigents /-
what do they do /?
Why do n't you call Eli Lilly and find out /.
And ma'am why do n't you call Eli Lilly either yeah /.
Um but we want to get you help /.
I mean I know exactly /-
what about the people that do n't have any family support and no money to speak of and /-
And get on our website www dot complete wellness approach dot com and get you know someone to pay attention to you /.
Really sad /.
New York City hello /.
It is /.
Hello /.
Hi /.
Hi /.
It 's OK /.
Um I 'm thrown off by the delay /.
I 'm sorry /.
I 'm going to make this as succinct as possible /.
Linda I 'm in the same age group as your previous caller /.
and for years I 've gone to therapy /.
and I have never heard anybody verbalize and articulate exactly the way I have felt since I was a child different like I have n't belonged different from everybody else in school and everything /.
I 'm not going to go on with that /.
Most importantly I 'm very interested in your program /.
but I do not have a computer /.
Is there a telephone number um through which we can reach somebody related to this program /?
Where in New Jersey /?
Where is Eli Lilly /?
They 're in New Jersey , are n't they /?
Yeah /.
In fact we may know before we go off the air /.
We 'll be right back /.
Do n't go away /.
I 'm sure there is /.
Um if I were you , because I do n't know that number off hand um you can call the University of Medicine and Dentistry in New Jersey /.
Um oh they would have to know where in New Jersey then /.
Is Eli Lilly in New Jersey /?
I do n't know where they 're based /.
But uh they can find the University of Medicine and Dentistry in New Jersey /.
I do n't know what town /.
But call them /.
and they will direct you to the proper help I hope /.
I hope so /.
University of Medicine and Dentistry in New Jersey is in Piscataway New Jersey piscataway Piscataway New Jersey /.
and the Eli Lilly company 's main base is Indianapolis Indiana /.
Piscataway New Jersey for the University /.
Eli Lilly in Indianapolis /.
And the caller is from Sarasota Florida /.
Hello /.
Hi I 'm bipolar /.
and I 've been hospitalized /.
and I 've been through about every medication that there was /.
um and I 'm on medications now that work but have a lot of side effects /.
and I was just curious if you 'd had that same problem /.
What kind of side effects /?
Um side effects /.
Do you want to be more specific /?
Weight gain /?
mhm mhm /.
Um well weight gain which I 've taken care of I 've got that under control but like um my thyroid /.
Um my hormones have gone through the roof /.
I 'm thirty - two /.
and they tell me that now I 'm menopausal because of the lithium making my hormones go up so much um /.
But the lithium is what helps you , right /?
And /-
Ah /.
It does /.
Um that along with another drug are the main things that control the mania /.
Um the depression is the hardest thing though /.
um the medication that I 'm on for depression is just /-
um I 've been through them all /.
We 're running close on time /.
What about side effects /?
What do you recommend /?
Um /.
And /-
You know I would recommend to anybody going on a medicine that they learn of the side effects first so that they can combat them because nothing 's worse than finding success with a medicine and then gaining a lot of weight /.
So what you want to do is learn of the side effects early so that you can do certain things for yourself to combat them /.
Um and that 's really between you and your doctor to try to find your way through um those side effects /.
I mean you know what a terrible thing to be menopausal /.
If that means no children in your future that could you know have a devastating effect /.
But you should know all these things going in and then just take them one at a time with your therapist and work on them trying to find that balance /.
Thank you Linda /.
What 's your new TV series coming up /?
Oh it 's a new show for FX called Beef /.
Beef /?
Beef /.
You start shooting /?
Um I 'm going to Shriport tomorrow /.
Shriport Louisiana /.
But you do n't pronounce the r /.
You do n't want the second r /.
Shriport /.
Alright /.
Shriport /.
Ca n't wait /.
OK Shriport Shriport /.
OK /.
Thank you Linda /.
And again for more information it 's www dot complete wellness approach dot com /.
Ha ha OK /.
Tomorrow night Rod Stewart /.
Monday night Colin Powell Robert Downey Jr. Sharon Stone /.
Anderson Cooper off tonight /.
but that does n't matter nah because Erin Brown is here and there 's that fam- /.
For democracy in the middle east /.
We 'll ask Lebanon 's president Emile Lahoud about his hopes for the future of the region /.
Live from CNN in Washington this is Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer /.
It 's noon in Washington nine am in Los Angelas seven pm in Bayreuth and eight pm in Baghdad /.
Wherever you 're watching from around the world thanks very much for joining us for Late Edition /.
We 'll get to our interview with general Abizaid in just a moment /.
and later we 'll also get the views of senator Edward Kennedy /.
but first a quick check of what 's in the news right now /.
Thanks Wolf /.
I 'm Patricia Whitfield at the CNN center in Atlanta /.
Here are the headlines /.
The US death toll in Iraq has climbed /.
An American soldier was killed today in a road side bombing in Baghdad /.
Two others were wounded /.
The US military death toll in Iraq now stands at one thousand seven hundred thirty four /.
In northern Iraq four suicide bombings over eighteen hours rocked the city of /.
At least nineteen deaths and dozens of injuries reported there /.
Many of the victims were Iraqi police officers /.
Experience the power of CNN video on your computer /.
Log onto CNN dot com click on the video link and browse for the video you want to see /.
Watch what you want whenever you want free at CNN dot com /.
And those are the headlines /.
I 'm Patricia Whitfield at the CNN center in Atlanta /.
Now back to Wolf /.
Thanks very much Frederica /.
Tuesday President Bush is set to deliver a prime time televised address to the nation to try to explain US policy in Iraq /.
Polls show support for that policy down dramatically here in the United States /.
Just a short while ago I spoke with the commander of the US military central command General John Abizaid about the challenges of battling a relentless insurgency in Iraq and a lot more /.
General Abizaid thanks for joining us /.
welcome to late edition /.
Pleasure to be here /.
More suicide bombings and dozens of individuals killed /.
Once again people watching what 's going on in Iraq have to ask is there an end to this /?
Clearly there is an end to this /.
the end comes when Iraqi security forces and Iraqi governance come together in such a way that they 're able to dominate the insurgency /.
the end comes when the insurgency clearly understands and recognizes that they ca n't achieve any progress , the only thing they can achieve is killing innocent people /.
And so I am very uh clear in my understanding that we 're moving in a good direction as long as politics moves forward and Iraqi security forces moves forward /.
But I 'm also very realistic in understanding that there 's a lot of violence ahead especially as we move through the political process and the insurgence will try to challenge the government and the Iraqi security forces and American forces in an effort to break our will and they do this by grabbing headlines /.
So what I hear you saying is that the United States military alone ca n't crush this insurgency /.
I did n't say the United States military alone ca n't crush this insurgency /.
I wanted to make clear that crushing the insurgency has to do with a combination of politics economics military activity and diplomatic activity /.
Would it make any difference uh let me rephrase the question if the US had another hundred thousand troops in Iraq /?
what we have to do is have the right number of troops in Iraq /.
We have the right number of troops in Iraq /.
We have to build Iraqi security forces so they are capable of taking the lead in the counter-insurgency operation /.
The strategy really is pretty simple /.
and it 's pretty elegant /.
and general Casey has done a great job in developing it /.
We develop Iraqi security forces /.
we continue to give them experience /.
we connect the chain of command /.
we build good leadership /.
and over time they take the lead in the counter-insurgency fight /.
The insurgents ca n't beat us /.
we are very strong militarily /.
there seems to be some notion out there that we 're going to be pushed into the sea /.
That 's not going to be anything even close to what you might see /.
But I assume they think that if they keep this drum beat this deadly series of suicide bombings IED's improvised explosive devices , if they just keep killing a lot of individuals Americans and Iraqis , eventually the American public will get fed up and the US will pull out /.
Look /.
there 's only one way for the insurgents to win /.
that 's to drive us out before the Iraqis are ready to assume the battle space /.
If that 's what happens they could win /.
but it 's very very clear to me that we 're going to stay the course , that we 're going to build Iraqi security capacity , that the Iraqi are serious about being partners in this effort and they 're very serious about taking over the effort /.
The insurgents ca n't win /.
The vice president Dick Cheney recently said that the insurgency is now in its last throes /.
I pressed him on that issue when I interviewed him earlier this week /.
Here was his response in part /.
If you look at what the dictionary says about throes it can still be a violent period the throes of a revolution /.
Is the insurgency right now in its last throes /?
The insurgency is in a no - win position /.
The insurgency can cause casualties /.
They can grab headlines /.
But as long as the politics move forward in a positive direction that is considered to be legitimate by the majority of the Iraqi people and as long as Iraqi security forces continue to develop at the rate that they 're developing and as long as American forces continue to stay there to provide the strength for those Iraqi forces as they develop we are after all the shield behind which politics takes place the insurgency wo n't make it /.
There 's been discussion already as you well know of a quagmire emerging in Iraq /.
Senator Kennedy suggested there was a quagmire /.
the defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld insists there is no quagmire /.
listen to this exchange that they had /.
We are in serious trouble in Iraq /.
and this war has been consistently and grossly mismanaged /.
And we are now in a seemingly intractable quagmire /.
Our troops are dying /.
And there really is no end in sight /.
There is n't a person at this table who agrees with you that we 're in a quagmire and that there 's no end in sight /.
Give us your assessment /.
It 's very interesting that we testified on Capital Hill for about nine hours and we take the nine second sound bites out that seem to get the most headlines /.
But our message was pretty clear across the board /.
We 're making progress /.
The insurgents ca n't win /.
We 're the shield behind which politics and the develop of Iraqi security forces will take place and eventually be decisive in that we 're in a partnership with the Iraqi people /.
People seem to think we 're fighting against Iraqis /.
Well there are some small number of insurgents that we 're fighting against /.
But we 're fighting with a lot more Iraqis day by day /.
And they 're giving their lives in the defense of their country /.
This is not a quagmire /.
it is a marathon /.
and we 're at about the twenty - first mile /.
and we just need to not hit the wall /.
We need to get through till the end /.
How many insurgents are there /?
During the testimony you heard that the maximum number was about twenty thousand /.
George Casey said one - tenth of one percent /.
But you got to understand there were committed people /.
There are people that support the insurgency /.
When politics move in different directions the numbers go up /.
they go down /.
uh but there 's probably about a thousand foreign fighters and about somewhere less than ten thousand committed insurgents in the field most of which are in the uh mostly western part of Iraq area and uh to a certain extent in Baghdad /.
They ca n't beat the Iraqi security forces /.
They can cause casualties /.
They do n't really go after the Iraqi security forces /.
they go after civilians /.
I mean this is the most cynical strategy I 've ever seen /.
They ca n't be successful /.
they ca n't win /.
The uh ranking democrat on the senate foreign relations committee Joe Biden was just in Iraq /.
He came back gave a speech in Washington this week /.
He said of the hundred or so Iraqi battalions that you 're training only three of them right now are fully capable of going out and are battle tested and battle ready /.
is that true /?
Well he was shown a chart /.
and you can always look at a chart differently /.
And the chart said that three battalions were theoretically independent capable of independent operations /.
that 's not really a good description of what the Iraqi armed forces are doing /.
Up in the North there 's two divisions that are fighting in the area /.
there 's a division that is fighting down in the Baghdad area /.
there is a growing capability of the Iraqi security forces to be more and more effective against the insurgency /.
and we should not underestimate their improvement /.
On the other hand they 're not ready to stand alone yet /.
but they will be /.
Just ahead more of my conversation with General Abizaid including his assessment of the morale of US troops in Iraq and around the middle east /.
Then we 'll hear from a key US lawmaker who 's questioning the strategy in Iraq democratic senator Karl Levin /.
Plus Lebanese president Emile Lahoud talks about the political unrest in his country and what it could mean for the entire mid - east region /.
Late Edition continues right after this /.
Our web question of the week asks this should the US set a timetable for withdrawing troops from Iraq /?
You can cast your vote /.
Go to CNN dot com slash late edition /.
We 'll have the results at the end of this program /.
Up next more on my interview with general John Abizaid /.
He 'll talk about training Iraqi troops /.
when will they be ready to move ahead on their own /.
You 're watching Late Edition the last word in Sunday talk /.
Welcome back to Late Edition /.
We return now to my interview with the commander of the US military central command general John Abizaid /.
Here 's what the economist magazine wrote about the Iraqi military in the June twentieth issue /.
Corrupt patchily trained and equipped often abysmally led and devoid of confidence /.
Most army units can not operate above platoon size /.
Between Iraqis and Americans there is deep mistrust /.
Iraqi units billeted on an American bases are fenced off from their host as a security measure /.
The partnership that exists between Iraqi units and American units is certainly much stronger and much more robust than that article uh would indicate /.
I do n't agree with what that says /.
I think there is a good partnership /.
There is good coordination in the field /.
And more Iraqis are dying on the battle field fighting for their country against the insurgency than Americans /.
It 's a point we 've got to understand /.
We have to respect them for fighting the way that they 're fighting /.
Just look at how things were in the American army in seventeen seventy five seventeen seventy six as we think about the fourth of July holiday ahead of us /.
we had a terrible time getting our act together to win against the British /.
but ultimately we did /.
And that 's what 's going to happen with the Iraqi armed forces as well /.
They need time /.
they need help /.
that 's what we 're giving them /.
The Sunday Times of London has a piece today suggesting that there has emerged a dialog of discussions between US officials and Iraqi insurgents /.
is that true /?
I 'm not sure that I would characterize it as a dialog between US officials and insurgents /.
I would say that US officials and Iraqi officials are looking for the right people in the Sunni community to talk to in order to insure that the Sunni Arab community becomes part of the political process /.
And clearly we know that the vast majority of the insurgents are from the Sunni Arab community /.
It makes sense to talk to them /.
we 're not going to compromise with Zarqawi /.
Uh we will look for opportunities to find out how to bring the Sunni Arab community into the political fold /.
and when we do that and they participate in a peaceful way I think Iraq will really start moving in a positive direction /.
I sense that Abu Musab al - Zarqawi terrorist number one in Iraq still on the loose right now /.
but is he /-
do you have any idea where he is /?
we certainly have some ideas where he operates /.
we know where his networks are /.
we put a lot of pressure on his networks /.
We 've been pretty successful here over the last several months working against his networks /.
it 's only a matter of time for Zarqawi /.
Can you give us a sense of where he might be the north the south the east the west /?
I do n't think it ever serves any purpose when a military commander tells the international world the internal community where a particular enemy might be /.
I think uh we have a good idea /.
we know what we 're doing in our efforts , how to get him /.
I want to also stress that it 's not about one man , it 's about his network /.
His network exists inside Iraq /.
It 's connected to Al - Queda /.
It 's got facilitation nodes in Syria /.
It brings foreign fighters in from Saudi Arabia and North Africa /.
It is connected to what is happening in Afghanistan and what is happening in Pakistan /.
It is a global battle that we face /.
The Zarqawi part of the network needs to be taken down /.
He needs to be captured or killed /.
But we should understand it 's a long war ahead of us /.
It 's a difficult enemy that we 'll have to fight over time throughout the region /.
Do you agree with the CIA assessment and a recent assessment that the terrorist training ground of Iraq today effectively has become a more effective training ground for Al - Queda and for international terrorists than Afghanistan under the Taliban ever was /?
No I do n't agree with it /.
The terrorist are going to train organize operate and strike wherever they can find a safe haven /.
they are certainly fighting in Iraq /.
I would tell you if you 're a young Saudi that decides to volunteer for the Jihad and you come into Iraq the chances are extremely good that you 'll never come back from Iraq /.
And so the mortality rate for foreign fighters is really phenomenal /.
the place where terrorism really can get established is in places that are ungoverned spaces that are like between the Afghanistan Pakistan border area in the horn of Africa down in parts of the Arabian principle /.
and we should not kid ourselves that Iraq somehow or other has made a difference /.
Iraq is part of the battle /.
It 's central in the battle /.
Uh but it 's not the only battle /.
Is it time to reconsider women American women in combat in the aftermath of what happened this past week /?
More American women died in combat were injured I believe in any time since World War Two /.
No it 's not time to reconsider /.
you 're happy with the rules that exist right now as far as women are concerned /?
our armed forces are better than they 've ever been /.
They 're made up the way they are /.
That 's how we fight /.
That 's how we do our business /.
We need to keep them the way they are /.
And we 're being quite successful /.
The CIA director Porter Goss recently said he has an excellent idea where Osama Bin Laden is /.
do you /?
We have a clear understanding of where the Al - Queda senior leadership operates in a very very large geographic area between areas of the Afghan and Pakistani border area /.
and I would say that 's about the best I would be able to do in answering that question /.
I heard your testimony this week before the House and the Senate /.
and I 'm going to play for you what I thought may have been the most alarming words I heard from you /.
Listen to this /.
When my soldiers say to me and ask me the question whether or not they 've got support from the American people or not that worries me /.
and they 're starting to do that /.
What did you mean by that /?
we do n't need to fight this war looking over our shoulder worrying about support back home /.
We need to know we 've got support back home /.
American soldiers fight best when they know the people back home are behind them /.
We are fighting for all the right reasons against one of the most despicable and dangerous enemies this nation has ever faced /.
We need to know that the people are with us /.
I think the American public strongly supports the troops /.
what they 're concerned about is the war /.
The most recent CNN USA Today Gallup poll uh showed that the numbers have gone down to thirty nine percent favor the war in Iraq compared to seventy one percent shortly after major combat operations were over /.
That 's a disturbing element I assume for you as far as the demoralization of the US military /.
the only thing I can tell you Wolf is when I go to the field the soldiers are uniformly confident about their ability to face this enemy make Iraq Afghanistan whatever area they happen to be operating in better defeat the terrorist wherever they find them and they all understand it 's going to take time /.
it 's not a sprint /.
it 's a marathon /.
We need people to understand it will take time but that ultimately we will prevail /.
One final question /.
now you 're command of central command has the whole middle east /.
uh the new president elected of Iran he 's considered a hard liner /.
what if anything from the military 's perspective does this mean for the United States /?
I 'm really not in the position to be able to talk about the newly elected president /.
I do n't know much about him /.
Iran 's an important player in the overall scheme of the Middle East /.
We need to have them working towards stability in both Afghanistan and Iraq /.
and we 're hopeful that under the new leadership that they 'll continue to do that /.
Thanks very much General for joining us /.
good luck /.
If I could just say one thing on this fourth of July weekend , if you would n't mind me saying it . I would really just ask people as they 're gathered with friends and families to remember our young men and women overseas fighting /.
Uh our young people are doing a great job /.
they 're really the finest generation we 've ever put in the field /.
And uh I can testify to that /.
I was with you only a couple months ago in the region /.
and I saw first hand what they 're doing /.
Appreciate it /.
Thanks Wolf /.
And up next we 'll get a quick check of what 's in the news right now /.
Then is it time for US troops to leave Iraq /?
We 'll ask the top democrat on the senate arms services committee Karl Levitt /.
He 's standing by /.
We 'll be right back /.
Hello I 'm Frederica Whitfield with these headlines at this hour /.
Iran 's president - elect says Iran does not need the United States to help it become more self - reliant /.
He also vowed to pursue a peaceful nuclear program and said his government will not be extremist /.
The US has criticized Iran 's recent election as a sham /.
Five suspects held in the disappearance of Alabaman teen Natalie Halloway are inside an Aruba Courtroom this hour /.
A judge is deciding whether police can continue to detain them in present /.
Experience the power of CNN video on your computer /.
Log onto CNN dot com click on the video link and browse for the video you want to see /.
Watch what you want whenever you want free at CNN dot com /.
I 'm Patricia Whitfield /.
More headlines at the top of the hour /.
Late Edition returns right after this /.
Welcome back to Late Edition /.
I 'm Wolf Blitzer in Washington /.
Joining us now from New York the top democrat on the Senate Arms Services Committee Karl Levit of Michigan /.
He 's also a key member of the Senate Select Intelligence committee /.
Senator Levin welcome back to Late Edition /.
Great to be with you Wolf /.
You just heard General Abizaid say that the US military is now at what he said mile twenty one in a marathon /.
As far as dealing with the insurgency in Iraq there are twenty six point two miles in a marathon /.
by my math that would be what about seventy five percent of the way there /?
That sounds pretty upbeat /.
Yeah it was a very upbeat assessment /.
Uh I hope it 's realistic /.
When he testified in front of us it did n't sound that way quite this week /.
He said that the insurgency has not declined /.
Uh he said that there 's an increased number of Jihadist coming across the border into Iraq to fight /.
Uh that does n't sound like decline to me /.
It 's not the kind of dynamic which I think we ought to say is acceptable /.
And the status quo to me is just simply not working /.
and we 've got to change the current dynamic in a number of ways /.
Vice President also as you know for the past several weeks has had an upbeat assessment /.
I want you to listen to what he said a few weeks ago , what he told Larry King and what he told me on Thursday /.
Listen to this these two excerpts from the Vice President /.
I think they 're in the last throes if you will of the insurgency /.
we 've /-
If you look at what the dictionary says about throes it can still be a you know violent period the throes of a revolution /.
He does n't seem to be backing away from those controversial comments the last throes of the insurgency /.
You 're privy to all the intelligence as both the member of the armed services and the intelligence committees /.
what 's your bottom line assessment /?
Well the bottom line is that that assessment of the Vice President is a rosy colored scenario /.
just the way going into Iraq was rose colored /.
Uh when he relies on the dictionary to define the word throes he 's leaving out the word that he put before throes which is the word last /.
He said it was the last throes of the insurgency /.
and I think he 's got to just have his eyes closed to what the reality is over there /.
Our troops deserve the most objective clearest assessment that they can possibly get /.
They are tremendous people /.
The men and women over there in harm 's way deserve everything we can provide for them /.
and that includes the most realistic assessment we can give them /.
To suggest that this insurgency is in the last throes flies right in the face of the testimony of our leaders which was given to us this week and also the testimony for instance of the uh spokesman for the central command who said that this insurgency is not declining and that the number of jihadist coming across the border is increasing /.
But you will acknowledge that General Abizaid at least this morning here on Late Edition seemed to get close to what the vice president is saying when he said the US is at mile twenty one in a twenty six mile marathon /.
Alright well I have n't run a marathon /.
Uh you probably can see that uh for your self /.
But uh I 'm not a marathoner /.
But nonetheless the last five minutes the last five miles I understand are the toughest /.
I hope we 're at mile twenty one /.
But I 've got to tell you I just do n't see from the casualty numbers which continue to be about the same even getting worse /.
And what General Abizaid also said this morning was that as long as the political process keeps moving along that then there 's some real hope that there 'll be a good conclusion fairly soon but in order for the political process to move along that means that there must be a constitution which is agreed upon by August the fifteenth /.
Uh there 's one six month extension permitted /.
but that 's it /.
There 's a timetable which the Iraqis have set for themselves and accepted /.
And we must insist it /.
And this administration must insist /.
And I hope the President will insist on Tuesday night that the Iraqis live up to that timetable because if that political process does not move along on that timetable the military solution can not solve this problem /.
And they ought to tell the Iraqis the administration that we expect them to live up to that timetable August fifteenth /.
One six month extension /.
Elections /.
first of all approval of the Constitution by the people then elections this year /.
and they should be told that we can not make an open - ended commitment to you /.
We can not stay there the way the secretary of state Rice said we 'll stay there as long as they need us /.
That is too open - ended /.
They should be told that we will have to reconsider our position if you do n't live up to your time table including the withdrawal of American forces /.
That to me is the key /.
But you 're not calling for a timetable directly right now as some other democratic and even a few republican colleagues are suggesting that there should be a timetable /.
you 're not going that far /?
No I am not saying that we should set the timetable now /.
What I am saying and this is critically important is that we should tell the Iraqis not just that we expect them to live up to their own timetable for adopting a constitution but that if they do not live up to that timetable , since the political process is the only hope for defeating the insurgency , if they do n't live up to their own timetable we would then have to consider all options including but not limited to removal of our troops /.
The defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld testified before other committees in congress this week /.
uh I want you to listen to what he said about the readiness of Iraqi troops right now /.
Today dozens of trained battalions are capable of conducting anti-insurgent operations albeit with coalition support /.
Now you do n't dispute that /?
No it 's the number that can operate independently which is just a few /.
That 's the key issue /.
They can work with us and be with us /.
but how many can handle the insurgents on their own /?
It 's very few /.
the reports that have been printed say three /.
Do you uh want the defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld like senator Kennedy does to resign /?
I think the problem is the policy that Rumsfeld is implementing /.
If I thought his resignation would change the policies and would help to change the course and change the dynamic then I would favor him /.
but I do n't think so /.
I think that the problem here that we 've had right from the beginning is overly optimistic predictions on the part of what would happen if we attacked Iraq /.
And it 's these policies which need to be changed /.
and the resignation does not effectuate the change in policy /.
so I 'm focusing on the policies and what needs to be done to change those policies /.
You heard General Abizaid also express concern about the morale if you will of the US men and women in Iraq and elsewhere /.
Increasingly he 's being asked questions whether the American people are behind them support what they 're doing /.
How do you as a concerned critic of the policy of the war in Iraq deal with that kind of uh situation /?
By telling the men and women how much we 're determined to support them as long as they 're there that we 're also determined to be constructive critics of the policies which not only sent them there uh unequipped and without the international support and without plans for the aftermath /.
Uh those chickens are coming home to roost constantly /.
But constructive critics of the policies nonetheless are totally committed to support the men and women in our military /.
They deserve no less than the best thinking the most realistic thinking that we provide them /.
They 're entitled to that /.
and as far as I 'm concerned the critics are determined that this time it 's not going to be like Vietnam , this time as long as our men and women are there everything we possibly can do to support them is going to be done including realistic thinking and constructive criticism /.
A final question uh Senator /.
On the Karl Rove controversy that erupted this week the deputy white house chief of staff said this in New York /.
I want you to listen /.
Conservatives saw the savagery of nine eleven and the attacks and prepared for war /.
Liberals saw the savagery of the nine eleven attacks and wanted to prepare indictments and offer therapy and understanding to our attackers /.
uh the White House insists he was referring to moveon dot org and Micheal Moore /.
uh what do you say in response to what Karl Rove said /?
Well the context is that the opposition to this administration is somehow or another weak and does n't respond to terrorism /.
I thought it was shameful /.
They ought to apologize for it /.
President ought to disown it /.
Um and uh it is just so disgraceful to split Americans to divide Americans for any kind of perceived political gain /.
I think it backfires when something like that is done /.
And I hope that the uh president would disassociate himself and tell Karl Rove that he ought to be ashamed of himself for stooping to that level to divide us in order to try to pander to a particular audience or to make some kind of perceived uh political gain /.
Thank god those kind of attacks backfire /.
Senator Levin thanks very much for joining us on Late Edition /.
Thank you Wolf /.
Up next political winds of change in Lebanon /.
I 'll speak with that country 's President Emile Lahoud /.
Late Edition will be right back /.
An ex-general and former head of the Lebanese Army president Emile Lahoud himself a Maronite Christian has been in power since nineteen ninety eight /.
With his term set to expire last November , Syria demanded and the Lebanese parliament approved a constitutional amendment extending his presidency till two thousand seven /.
But with the assassination of a former prime minister in February the anti-Syrian winds of political change are blowing /.
Earlier this year what 's called the power of the people managed to dissolve the Syrian backed Lebanese government forced the removal of Syrian troops and called for new elections /.
The opposition movement headed by son Saud won a majority in parliament in the elections and is now poised to lead Lebanon /.
Today we are facing a new era in the life of Lebanon /.
With the blame focused on Damascus and pro-Syrian Lebanese officials opposition leaders have now called on President Lahoud to resign /.
Lahoud has condemned the killings insisting he 's not responsible for them /.
And just a short while ago I spoke with president Lahoud from the presidential palace in Lebanon /.
Mr. President thanks very much for joining us /.
Welcome to Late Edition /.
You 're seen as a close ally of Syria /.
In the aftermath of the Lebanese elections are you inclined to move Lebanon away from that close alliance with Syria /?
At first I 'd like to say that there are historic links between Syria and Lebanon that has been a long time /.
And uh we have been uh on very friendly terms for long time /.
And if you look at the of Lebanon you see that uh we have the sea and we have Syria on most of our borders and uh in the south we have Israel /.
So we have to be on very good terms with Syria and continue to do that /.
Mr. President uh there have been a series of assassinations though in Lebanon including the former prime minister /.
Two other anti-Syrian personalities were assassinated in recent weeks /.
Many see the hand of the Syrian government behind these assassinations /.
do you /?
Well I can tell you that the ones that did this abominable assassination uh against late prime minister are the enemies of Lebanon /.
And they want to do harm to Lebanon /.
And who could be the enemies who benefited from that /?
For sure it 's not Lebanon nor Syria because until the assassination everything was fine , the stability and security were at its best according to Interpol who are number one on the list of security in the world /.
And what happened made us uh go back because we lost a lot by it and I 'm sure that nobody harms himself /.
So it could n't be Syria nor Lebanon /.
It must be the enemies of Lebanon /.
Who do you see as responsible for those assassinations therefore /?
Well it could be one of two /.
First we had troubles as you know a few years back with the fundamentalists /.
And uh even before nine eleven we had uh an attack on our soldiers /.
and we lost a lot of them /.
and we had to react /.
and we put them in prison /.
That was before the nine eleven /.
Eh and at this time we were asked why we did that /.
We said because they were trying to unstable Lebanon /.
And eh another thing happened only a few months before the assassination of president /.
And that was when uh eh uh they tried to put a bomb in the uh Italian embassy /.
So are you accusing Al Queda uh Mr. President /?
Excuse me for interrupting /.
And now they are /-
Are you accusing Al Queda of being responsible /?
I can say it 's a fundamentalist group /.
I do n't know who they belong to /.
but uh we had them a few years back /.
and we had it a months ago /.
they are fundamentalists /.
listen to what the spokesman at the White House the press secretary Scott McClellan said on June tenth /.
listen to this /.
That would be one of the reasons /.
There are reports that we have been hearing about for some time about a Syrian hit list targetting key Lebanese public figures /.
He suggests that there 's a Syrian hit list targetting Lebanese politicians /.
So you totally disagree with the White House on the possibility that Syrian intelligence may be responsible for these assassinations /.
I can tell you that Syria is the most that is losing uh because of these assassinations /.
So why should they do it /?
Whereas as I said the fundamentalist who tried a few years back and only a few months before the assassination could be one of the suspects /.
Another one could be our permanent enemy /.
As you know we have still troubles in the south /.
and it could be that they are trying again /.
And we 've had assassinations before Mr. /.
We had an ex uh minister /.
we had /.
we had /.
and at the time Israel was accused /.
So why now /?
They 're trying to accuse Lebanon and Syria /.
A lot of observers of Lebanon blame Syria 's interference in Lebanese politics over the years most recently getting the parliament to extend your term of office for another term for another three years as being responsible for this current wave of anti-Syrian attitudes reflected in the elections that have occured over these past few weeks /.
Are you thinking about resigning /?
For sure I 'm not resigning /.
I 'm staying until the end of my term /.
and I can tell you I was elected by the Lebanese parliament /.
The ex-prime minister Mr. uh gave me his votes as well /.
So why do they say that it was the Syrians that did that /?
It was in a free will by the members of parliament /.
The United Nations secretary general said this recently /.
He said we are now receiving reports that there may be elements that are still there /.
and we are considering the possible return of the verification team to ascertain what 's going on /.
He was referring to the possibility that Syrian intelligence agents are still operating inside Lebanon even though the Syrian military has withdrawn /.
Have Syrian intelligence operatives left Lebanon /?
Well I can tell you that there is a fact uh finding mission by the UN that is looking at this uh subject and uh there will be reporting in two weeks /.
And we will know the answer /.
but all I know myself is that all the have withdrawn with their intelligence /.
And now there is nobody of the Syrians /.
and uh I can tell you that uh you will hear a lot of speculation always about this subject but never eh somebody showing any proof of that /.
The United Nations security council resolution fifteen fifty nine calls and I 'm quoting now for the disbanding and disarmament of all Lebanese and non-Lebanese militias /.
Do you want the Hezbollah militia to disarm to give up their weapons and only have a Lebanese army that has weapons /?
Well I can tell you this uh matter eh eh for Lebanese the Hezbollah the majority of Lebanese consider it as a national resistance because they freed Lebanon of Israel /.
We still have the /.
And this subject you can not do it by force /.
it must have a consensus between the Lebanese /.
And the Lebanese agree on that /.
And because of that it 's a matter of Lebanese to decide /.
and it should n't be done by force /.
All I can tell you that still Lebanon is at war , it 's not at peace /.
As you know we still have problems /.
and they have n't finished /.
one of them is the presentation of the Palestinians who are in Lebanon /.
And this is a very grave problem for Lebanon /.
Lebanese consider in their constitution that there will not be any of the Palestinians nor there will be any partition of Lebanon /.
So all these problems have n't finished yet /.
So it 's up to the Lebanese to decide between themselves and not do it by force /.
We are so happy that we have reached the stability that many countries in the area envy us /.
so we do n't want to lose that stability /.
All we say is that we are in to know what the UN investigation team concerning these assassinations will get to /.
And uh just between brackets before the decision of the UN I had asked for an investigation UN team to come and when they will come reach to a point when we 'll know whoever is doing these assassinations /.
Then the truth will be known /.
And be sure /.
there are people who are against Lebanon /.
Mr. President unfortunately we 're all out of time /.
uh thanks for spending a few moments with us here on Late Edition /.
Were you saying something /?
Thank you /.
all the best /.
thank you /.
And do n't forget our web question of the week /.
should the US set a timetable for withdrawing troops from Iraq /?
Log onto CNN dot com slash late edition to cast your vote /.
We 'll take a quick break /.
we 'll be right back /.
Still ahead on Late Edition an exclusive interview with Iraqi Prime Minister Ibrahim al - Jaafari about his visit with President Bush and the huge challenges still facing his country . Plus my conversations with two of Washington 's most influential politicians the Vice President Dick Cheney and Democratic Senator Ted Kennedy /.
All that coming up right at the top of the hour /.
Well it has happened again /.
Even years later the names still raise a chill Paducah Jonesborough Columbine /.
Tonight a new town another boy /.
but the terror is just the same /.
CNN 's David Mattingly joins us now /.
David what 's happening /?
Anderson about a little after two o'clock today a fifteen year old student wielding a hand gun shot and killed an assistant prinicpal then badly wounded the principal and another assistant principal /.
and uh the suspect was taken into custody after he was subdued by staff here at the high school /.
He was taken to a hospital where he was treated for what appeared to be a gun shot wound to his own hand suggesting there might have been uh a struggle going on afterwards /.
But police here tonight are continuing to look for any bit of evidence that they can /.
As soon as this happened the school went into a lockdown /.
the students were not allowed to leave their classes /.
This went on for about two hours before they were finally let out and everyone was finally able to figure out what had happened here /.
So many people shocked and absolutely stunned by what happened /.
so many times we have heard today that I ca n't believe this happened in our small town /.
But this tragdey definitely has come to roost here after taking the life of a very popular assistant principal here Anderson /.
Uh this is Jacksborough Tennessee we 're talking about /.
how big a place is Jacksboro /?
Um not very big at all /.
In fact when I asked the sheriff exactly how many people were here he said he could n't really tell me that it 's just that he gave me the county at large but there were thirteen hundred students here at the school /.
This is the one big high school for this county /.
So not many people at all /.
Everyone knew uh the people at this school particularly this administrator and assitant principal Ken Bruce /.
Students tonight saying he was very well - liked very approachable the kind of teacher who would actually give you lunch money if you forgot to bring it with you that day /.
So they 're talking about him tonight /.
They 're going to be missing him very much in the future Anderson /.
About a little after two o'clock today a fifteen year old student wielding a hand gun shot and killed an assistant principal then badly wounded the principal and another assistant principal /.
And David do we know what time of day this happened /?
Shortly after two o'clock today it happened near the office of this school /.
In fact some witnesses at the office say it happened just right there next to them while they were there trying to conduct some business at the school /.
Uh police are still trying to figure out what led up to that , why the student was there at the office and what exactly transpired between him and the administrators before those shots were fired /.
All right appreciate that /.
I know you uh just got to the scene /.
Uh it 's going to be a long night and a long couple of days as we 're trying to piece together uh the information exactly what occured in those terrible moments before the shooting /.
Here 's where the story and the backstory really start coming together /.
It 's very much an involving process as David just said /.
The young man has spoked to the police but no one is saying what he said /.
There 's a closed crime scene out there tonight evidence still to be gathered people questioned statements taken /.
At some point the picture 's going to snap into focus tonight though we only have sketches /.
With us now from Jacksboro Tennesse Ethan Riggs who knows the suspect well and Ethan 's cousin Nathan Lawson who was at the school today /.
Uh guys I appreciate you being on the program tonight /.
You Nathan you were at the school when it all unfolded /.
What did you see /?
Well we could n't see anything because we were all in class /.
And I just heard about uh the student going into the office or around the office and shooting the prinicpal and the assitant principals that were there /.
and what happened /?
Uh you were in class /.
I mean how did they alert people what happenend /?
Well we were already in class /.
and Mr. Steele got on the intercom and told everyone that we were having a lockdown /.
And how long did the lockdown last for /?
Uh an hour and half two hours /.
Uh Ethan how long have you known the alleged shooter /?
I should just point out to our viewers we 're not using the young man 's name /.
Uh he 's underage /.
It 's policy and impolicy not to do that /.
Um how long have you known him /?
Well I knew him for a while back in elemetary school but not much uh from here for a while back /.
but back in elementary school he was an all - right person and hardly ever got into any trouble /.
Uh were you surprised to hear that he might be involved in a shooting /?
Yeah I was /.
Nathan how about you /?
did you ever think your classmate was capable of killing /?
No not really /-
uh he 's been in some trouble before but nothing like this /.
I would never think that he would do anything like this /.
Do you know what kind of trouble he had been in before /?
Well in middle school he got suspended for a year for stabbing Mr. Steele with a pencil /.
he stabbed somebody with a pencil /?
Yeah the principal /.
The principal okay /.
Uh now Nathan or Ethan I mean you know you hear these reports /.
teen shooters they 're often descibed as you know kids who have been picked on or bullied by peers /.
Uh was he that type /?
Was he a loner /?
Do you know did he get picked on /?
Well in elementary school he was never picked on /.
Like I said he had friends just like anybody else /.
Would n't say he was popular or anything /.
but everybody got along with him /.
Well it 's got to be just a bizarre day for you for both of you and a tragic day for your school /.
and I appreciate both of you being with us to talk about what you know /.
Thanks very much /.
I want to talk a little bit more now on why not why in this case because frankly we do n't know that and we do n't want to speculate , That 's unknowable but why in so many other cases because even though it is too soon to tell whether this one fits a pattern there is a pattern and we have seen it time and time again /.
Bitter experience has taught us that /.
Here 's CNN 's Heidi Collins /.
Columbine Springfield Pearl Red Lake Minnesota this past March and now Jacksboro Tennessee /.
It is a list that conjures up images of screaming children injured victims and gun - wielding kids /.
Different towns with tragically similar stories /.
What makes these young men snap /.
and what qualities if any do school shooters share /?
According to the FBI there are dozens of risk factors when it comes to school violence /.
but there is no one definitive profile of this type of criminal /.
Most often the perpetrator is a white male age eleven to eighteen who was described as feeling picked on or bullied by his peers /.
We allow boys to be angry and aggressive /.
but we do n't allow them to express fear and sadness and other more vulnerable emotions /.
so hence when they get rejected or they get disappointed they have a harder time dealing with that /.
and it often comes out in anger /.
Most of the shooters like you see in this video of Dylan Clebold and Eric Harris from Columbine High School had a fascination with firearms or violent video games /.
/.
And while there were signs or warnings about their intentions they were not taken seriously at the time /.
The sheriff 's department did n't respond to our um reported threats by Eric Harris against our son for thirteen months /.
Columbine would not have happened if they had investigated that to begin with /.
Classmates say Clebold and Harris who brought terror to Littleton Colorado in nineteen ninety - eight and Jeff Weiss the Red Lake Minnesota teen who killed nine people and wounded seven before fatally shooting himself all wore dark trenchcoats and were fans of Marilyn Manson /.
Kip Kinkel who killed two students in Springfield Oregon was a fan of Manson 's music as well /.
According to the FBI all of the shooters may have felt the desire to defend narcissitic views of themselves and had very low self - esteem /.
Luke Woodham killed two students in Pearl Mississippi /.
Well I guess you all start remembering me now /.
I 'm probably going to get pretty famous /.
Famous for two things that seem to unite all of these young men no one believed they were capable of committing such horrible acts and no one was able to stop them /.
Heidi Collins CNN New York /.
We hear that over and over again /.
I never expected they could do such a thing /.
Still ahead tonight more late election returns more races that could affect you more questions about how this affects the president and his party /.
Also ahead in Rwanda a country rocked by genocide ten years ago let 's see how it 's affecting the animals still to this day /.
Around the country and the world this is Three Sixty /.
Uh you know no matter where you stand politically it is tough to dispute the president 's good fortune /.
Though battered in the polls this is an off - year for House and Senate races /.
There are a number of races however being decided tonight /.
and as they count the votes across the country we 'll be giving you the latest on those races which may have national overtones as well /.
Joining us now is CNN 's John King and Jeff Greenfield /.
Uh let 's start with John King from DC with breaking news on the election results /.
John what 's the latest /?
Well Anderson the democrats are celebrating in the two biggest races tonight /.
Those are the races for the governorships in Virginia and New Jersey /.
CNN projecting that Tim Kaine currently the lieutenant governor will be the next governor of the state of Virginia /.
Tim Kaine a democrat winning in Virginia a state President Bush carried a year ago /.
And in New Jersey another democratic victory /.
John Corzine currently a member of the United States Senate will be the next governor of New Jersey according to CNN projections /.
One republican victory tonight /.
That is in New York City /.
Mayor Michael Bloomberg the Associated Press projects will be re-elected as the mayor of New York City /.
A democrat turned republican /.
so that a frustrating race for the democrats /.
but democrats will celebrate those two state - wide victories Virginia of course the most significant /.
President Bush carried that state a year ago /.
He campaigned for the republican candidate just last night an election eve appearance /.
Democrats will certainly make the case that the president 's troubles are continuing in the state of Virginia /.
I will say though Anderson I think the bigger national question out of the state of Virginia might be that this helps the current incumbant governor Mark Warner /.
He is leaving office and thinking about running for president /.
His party 's strength there tonight will only encourage that /.
Jeff any surprises to you /?
No uh the most startling thing which we do n't often talk about is the sheer amount of money that these people have /.
Mike Bloomberg is a five billion dollar man who threw seventy million dollars into this campaign /.
There were ads in Cantonese and Russian /.
He won a landslide /.
I 'll cross the river /.
John Corzine 's worth about three hundred million defeated Doug Forrester a piker only worth about fifty million dollars though it was a combined campaign of about fifty million dollars /.
Mark Warner who John King just talked about has a personal wealth of two hundred million /.
and later tonight when we go to California the gentleman named Schwartzeneggar who has about a hundred million dollars threw millions into his big successful effort at governor /.
But can the democrats really crow about what 's going on in Virginia and what 's going in New Jersey /?
Well they will /.
um and they won uh and in Virginia particularly /.
Virginia was one of the first southern states to go republican /.
I think Nixon carried it in nineteen sixty /.
It is significant when a democrat succeeds a democrat not just because it gives Mark Warner talking points but it is a crimson red state /.
Do we want to make too much of it /?
No we do n't /.
John King uh Arnold Schwartzeneggar 's not on the ballot /.
but eh some of his critics say he really with some of these ballot initiatives /.
Uh when do the polls close there /?
The polls close eleven o'clock eastern out in California /.
and to follow up on the point Jeff just made about perhaps not overstating the impact for the president I think one of the things we will watch closely tonight is that some of the polls are showing that the American people are a bit testy shall we say um not patient anymore with all of the politicians /.
And that of course would affect the republicans more because they are in power in Washington controlling the presidency and the Congress /.
Whether they take it out on Governor Schwartzeneggar in California could be another test of that as well /.
Jeff /.
One quick point /.
the election that mattered for next year has already happened that special election in the Ohio congressional district with Cincinatti a republican district /.
Former Iraqi war combat veteran I guess he is a present veteran Paul Hackett came within four points of beating the republican in a district that no democrat has come close to carrying /.
That 's the one that 's giving the republicans willies for next year /.
All right Jeff we 'll join you later /.
John King as well thanks very much /.
Still ahead on Three Sixty a family torn apart on whether to let their son die /.
A case that may be heading where Terri Schiavo 's did /.
A fifteen year old boy at the center of it all /.
And in a corner of the world where genocide claimed nearly a million lives a new struggle between man and beast /.
Around the world and across America this is Three Sixty /.
In a moment a life and death struggle over a fifteen year old boy who is in a coma uh who is lying breathing on a ventilator /.
The fight is between two parents who are divorced over what to do about their son /.
But first a check of the day 's headlines /.
Here 's CNN 's Erica Hill in Atlanta /.
Hey Erica /.
Hey Anderson we begin tonight in Jacksboro Tennessee where police say a student opened fire on a principal and two assistant principals in an office in a high school /.
One of the assistant principals was killed , another critically wounded /.
In Iraq the foreign military occupation of that country is authorized at least through December of two thousand six /.
That 's because today the UN Security Council voted to extend the mandate that allows some one hundred fifty - seven thousand US troops twenty - two thousand troops from other countries to operate there /.
The Iraq provisional government requested the extension /.
In Australia supporters of alleged terror suspect with TV reporters shouting stay away /.
Australian authorities say they prevented a terrorist attack through their undercover work /.
Seventeen people were arrested /.
Officials said they moved in because the alleged plot had passed the planning stage /.
Meantime a very different crowd reaction in Salem Oregon where two couples in - laws who invested forty dollars in lottery tickets had their claim certified today in the second biggest payout in US lottery history /.
Three hundred forty million smackers /.
Talk about a little bit uh of love to share around the family there /.
But Anderson sounds like they 're going to lead a very normal life /.
They 're saying may not even get that many more presents under the tree this Christmas /.
Wow man I hope so /.
You know hear all these horror stories about how people react /.
and let 's just hope they sock it away and save it up for their kids or something /.
I know /.
Erica thanks /.
We 'll check in with you a little bit later /.
You know it 's hard to think of a more agonizing decision that a parent could face choosing whether to let a child die or to hold out hope no matter what the doctors and all the other experts say /.
Usually these horrible decisions are made in private /.
sometimes unfortunately they divide an entire country /.
The sad case of Terri Schiavo not only tore her family apart /.
it really re-ignited a debate as thorny as it is heartbreaking /.
The case of Jansen Jones is just as complicated and equally heartbreaking /.
CNN 's Rick Sanchez from Bountiful Utah with more /.
Rick /?
Yeah thanks so much Anderson /.
This is the new facility where uh Jansen Jones is going to be staying from now on /.
His father decided that he should be here /.
Uh this is what we know about his case /.
He was probably unable to breathe accoding to his parents and experts who have talked to him for about twenty minutes /.
Now we 've talked to medical experts about this situation /.
and they tell us if a fifteen year old goes without oxygen for fifteen to twenty minutes , what results is usually severe and irreparable brain damage /.
Here now is Jansen 's story /.
You 're not supposed to have a heart attack when you 're only fifteen years old /.
I 'll never forget the morning that uh I got the news /.
The news was grim /.
Margaret 's little boy with the likeable smile and the dimple cheeks had experienced full cardiac arrest /.
What 's worse it happened on this dark street corner one morning while riding his bike to school /.
He was all alone no mom no dad no help until finally he was spotted by a paramedic on her way to work /.
When we found him he was um still on his bike /.
um and his head was um against cement /.
Jansen Jones was rushed by helicopter to the hospital /.
Did you think he would be able to pull through /?
I had faith /.
But then doctors showed Margaret her son 's MRI test and explained to her what results when the brain is deprived of oxygen /.
Does he blink /?
No /.
Does he make any sounds /?
No /.
Nothing /.
Nothing /.
Are you convinced that he is in fact brain - dead /?
Yes I am /.
Margaret made a decision after talking to hospital officials here at the University of Utah that she would take her son off of life support /.
She made the decision though not based solely on science or even her own observations /.
She tells us she made the decision based on her Christianity her faith /.
And you do n't think that God would want you to have your son continue in the condition he 's in now /?
No /.
You 're convinced of that /.
Yes /.
But God is also the reason Margaret 's ex-husband Jansen 's father gives for his decision to keep the boy on life support /.
He needs to be given a chance to live /.
Also a devout Christian John Jones has little faith in what doctors tell him /.
Doctors have been wrong before and misdiagnosed /.
I do n't agree with him at all /.
In fact when asked you think letting him go is the Christian thing to do , She says /-
Yes I think so /.
While he says /-
I believe in a living God /.
and I believe that uh you can still perform miracles as you want to call them /.
Two parents one God and one life or death decision that may end up being settled in a court of law /.
Rick how could this wind up in the courts /?
Well here in the state of Utah because the father had custody of the child they 've been divorced now for uh three years he would be able to make the decision /.
However if the mother decides that she wants to take him to court to see if her decision is allowed all the folks in this uh state that I have talked to who 've dealt with matters like this in the past say that judges usually allow the evidence to be heard from both sides /.
That would mean Anderson what you would have is another court battle as you alluded to earlier similar to the Schiavo case /.
All right Rick Sanchez in Bountiful /.
Thanks very much Rick /.
You know it 's been more than seven months now since Terri Schiavo 's life came to an end /.
She died March thirty - first thirteen days after her feeding tube was removed /.
Up to that point we got to know Schiavo 's parents and her husband fairly well as their fight played out all too publicly on television /.
Since Terri 's death they have n't been seen much on the national stage /.
but their battles go on /.
Tonight in a new segment we 're calling Memory Lapse we take a look at what the family is doing right now /.
Teri 's husband Michael is back in the news making a splash in politics far from home by endorsing the candidacy of democrat Tim Kaine for governor of Virginia in tonight 's election /.
Michael Schiavo spoke out against politicians intervening in family affairs /.
He 's also been busy writing about his side of the battle over his wife /.
He and author Michael Hirsch are colloborating on a book titled Terri the Truth /.
It 's scheduled to be released in March /.
and that will once again put him at odds with Terri 's parents whose still untitled memoir will be released that same month /.
The Schindlers ' book will share their struggle to keep Terri alive a story they 've been through speeches and public statements /.
Last week at a convention in Omaha Nebraska Bob and Mary Schindler called Terri 's death quote judicial homicide and hinted that euthanasia advocates may have been behind it /.
The Schindlers also have been fighting the right to die movement through the Terri Schindler Schiavo foundation /.
No doubt when those books come out we 'll be hearing about this case for quite some time to come /.
Still to come on Three Sixty , it 's unlike anything you 've ever seen before /.
Animal expert Jack Hannah takes us to a place where people and wildlife try to co-exist a place where both share a horrific past /.
And later a new look at your sex life a new survey is out the most extensive they say in fifty years /.
See how you may compare to some others out there /.
Stay with us /.
A little bit more than a decade ago in the central African nation of Rwanda something unspeakable happened /.
Genocide though the US refused to call it that at first /.
Eight hundred thousand people at least women men and children were brutally killed hacked to death stabbed thrown into rivers /.
Today the genocide 's effects are still haunting both the survivors and the wildlife in Rwanda /.
You see many of those who fled some of them settled in an animal refuge /.
Renown wildlife advocate Jack Hannah director of the Columbus Zoo recently went to Rwanda to see how the people and animals are co-existing /.
Rwanda this breathtakingly beautiful land is soaked in blood the people living with the pain of their history /.
Akagera National Park once a spectacular wildlife refuge is now a refuge to many Rwandans who survived the genocide and returned to their native land trying to start life anew /.
There are so many people in Rwanda now they 've taken over two - thirds of the national park /.
And because of that Rwanda now faces a problem /.
What will happen to the wildlife /?
How will the animals co-exist with humans /?
That 's what Jack Hannah the renown wildlife advocate wanted to find out as he went in search of wild elephants /.
There 's said to be eighty elephants in Akagera /.
but for Hannah and his crew finding even one was not unlike looking for that proverbial needle in a haystack /.
Now the elephant 's back that way , right /?
Hannah hired a boat to take him to a fishing village where there had been reports of a male elephant /.
They search for hours and hours /.
and finally /-
Oh yeah I see it /.
But even a wildlife expert like Hannah was surprised to find such a mighty creature submerged in lake water /.
It was very unusual behavior /.
Look at that /.
he 's like a submarine /.
he 's going to use his trunk /.
Whoa look at that /.
look at him move tha- /-
He is going fast /.
That is fast /.
Big elephant /.
An estimated eleven feet tall , weighing perhaps fourteen thousand pounds the mature bull elephant was as big and angry as any they'd 'd seen before /.
And he started to pursue them /.
That is fast /.
Remember elephants can swim everybody /.
And they got like a periscope /.
I do n't know if he 's walking or swimming /.
but he 's moving /.
Hannah and his crew beat it to shore and to safety not realizing that in April the US embassy in Kigali had issued a warning to American tourists about a rogue elephant charging visitors /.
your trunk go like this /.
On shore Hannah was greeted by local kids /.
Trunk /.
that 's it /.
that 's it /.
And in exchange for his kindness they shared a little known secret about the rogue elephant /.
Turns out this monster of the deep was in fact an old friend of the children 's /.
and to prove it they lured him in with sweet words and sweet potatoes /.
Thank you so much /.
thank you /.
thank you /.
that 's something else /.
That 's all I can tell you /.
Akagera National Park may not be all that it once was /.
nor of course is Rwanda /.
but Jack Hannah says that there is a sense of healing and as in the mighty steps of elephants there are small steps being made towards recovery /.
Had you ever seen behavior like that in elephants /?
No not in a while /.
Uh when I saw the kids doing it I went up there /.
and I said I ca n't believe this big bull elephant a wild bull elephant /.
But the kids had you know /-
animals know people /.
and he knew no harm in that village /.
and they actually were taking care of it /.
and of course when he went in the musk I guess he tipped over a jeep or two and you got to be careful when that happens /.
We 're going to take a quick break /.
and then we 'll be back with uh Jack Hannah /.
A lot more uh coming up tonight on Three Sixty /.
Stay with us /.
Before the break we went to Africa with renown wildlife advocate Jack Hannah director of the Columbus Zoo /.
He took us to a region of Rwanda where those who survived the genocide of eleven years ago or ten and a half years ago are living side by side with wildlife /.
We showed you the huge elephant he encountered /.
and that was n't all he saw /.
Jack Hannah joins me now once again to show us exclusive footage of the mountain gorillas he visited /.
Uh we were just talking about Rwanda /.
I 've been there a lot over the years uh and have visited these gorillas /.
It 's the most incredible animal viewing I think on the planet /.
At least for me /.
Yeah not just the viewing /.
it 's the experience Anderson of being there /.
It 's just people do n't realize they can all do it as well /.
Uh this last year in tourism increased sixty - seven percent in Rwanda /.
And the gorilla population under President Kagame has increased seventeen percent /.
One of the only countries in Africa where animals are really increasing as far as population /.
And I mean some of the footage that we 're showing now is footage that you shot /.
and it 's incredible /.
You and anyone can go /.
a tourist can go and as long as they you know do it respectfully can go and sit with these gorilas just as you are /.
Exactly right /.
Right there /.
one hour /.
and of course you 're not allowed to approach them /.
they approach you /.
and that 's what you see here /.
these animals uh uh approach you /.
Now this is one actually that was uh uh taken uh out of the wild and brought to a veteranarian 's place right there below uh you know where the gorillas are /.
That 's a lowland gorilla is what you 're seeing there uh one that was brought /-
and of course we just ca n't put it back out in the wild yet /.
Uh the mountain gorilla as you know are the ones with the much longer hair live up about eight thousand feet /.
It 's where you went to visit /.
Yeah I went there on vacation this summer /.
and it 's just incredible /.
There they are right there /.
They 're climbing all around you /.
they literally brush by you at times /.
What are the similarities to humans /?
I mean everyone always says how you know much like humans they appear /.
Well well the similarities are it 's a family structure /.
and you watch the four and three and four years old play with the little uh eight to ten week old babies you know when their mother might let them go away just a little bit /.
Right /.
and you see the proctection /.
they 're not a King Kong type of animal /.
And the neat thing about it is there will be a web camera up there /.
Uh John Dick has got the tower up there so people can click on it within a year from now and watch the gorillas in the wild /.
No kidding really /?
Be unbelieveable /.
That 's amazing /.
Unbelieveable /.
Wow eh the genocide I mean it permeates everything still in Rwanda /.
I mean Kagame has done a remarkable job with the country /.
Um I mean how has it impacted on the animals /?
Well uh uh a lot of the refugees came back in /.
Some of them got into the parks /.
but now what he 's done , he 's protected those parks where no one absolutely nobody 's allowed to go inside the park boundaries now /.
Uh the gorillas are coming back seventeen percent /.
tourism is up /.
as I said Lake Akagera National Park is incredible /.
they even now have the habituation of chimpanzees /.
I just was one of the first people to go there /.
and so you can go to one of the only countries in Africa and see the chimpanzees in the wild as well as the gorillas /.
You also worked with a woman uh Rosamond Carr who runs an orphanage /.
and you have some video uh of what she has done /.
Oh gosh /.
She 's been there uh for years and is a legend in that country /.
For about forty - five years /.
Uh she 's a remarkable lady /.
Yeah she really is /.
We 've given the Columbus Zoo and al- /-
With Partners of Conservation we 've raised almost one point four million dollars for the orphanage as well as the artisans women with the artisans that do the baskets and the beekeepers /.
so we 're uh teaching people how to have productive lives in Rwanda /.
This is her right here /.
and these are the kids by the way in the old orphange /.
and now she 's moving them up to her home in the mountains about an hour out of Kasenji as you well know on the border of the Democratic Republic of Congo /.
And what we did , we brought all sorts of things for the orphans there incredible incredible children /.
And these are kids whose parents were killed in the genocide /.
Exactly /.
and by the way it 's all one Rwanda right now as we were talking /.
no Tutsis and Hutus anymore /.
President Kagame said it 's all one Rwanda , we all are together now /.
it 's interesting because you go there and people are offended if you ask are you Hutu or are you Tutsi /.
Exactly /.
Because eh they do n't want those divisions /.
No they do n't want those divisions /.
and yet they all live together /.
and you would think that they would have that division /.
but you sure do n't have it /.
you have a tremendous love there /.
and by the way it 's probably now the cleanest country I 've ever seen in Africa /.
I could not believe what I s- /-
And the road system is incredibile /.
they 're good /.
what 's amazing too is you go to see the gorillas and you start talking to the guides who are taking you up and you ask them did you lose anyone and they will just turn and without blinking an eye tell you you know all my family is gone /.
Yeah we had a guide do the same exact thing /.
and we said where 's your family /.
and he said I lost my dad and then goes right along and talks to his buddy who might be a Hutu or a Tutsi /.
and so /-
but they never ever mention that uh whatsoever /.
But I think it 's the greatest turnaround of any country in the world in the last eh ten years /.
And the gorillas are coming back , are n't they /?
I mean they 're /-
Oh yeah seventeen percent increase /.
and of course Rwanda has about three hundred and seventy , right /.
Uganda has about another three hundred /.
So you 're talking about a species that is very very vital as far as their numbers are concerned /.
You know if somebody got a cold up there like the veterinary project 's doing a great job up there right now uh you would have a disaster up there /.
so that 's why people ca n't have colds if they go up and visit the gorillas that type of thing /.
Uh Jack it 's always good to see you /.
I 'm glad uh you spent so much time in Rwanda /.
and I 'm glad you talk as fast as I do /.
Oh yeah I do /.
I got a little cottage over there /.
so I 'm going to be spending a lot of time over there /.
Well you 're doing great things for the country /.
Appreciate it /.
Thanks /.
Thank you /.
Thank you /.
Uh we 've got a lot ahead tonight on Three Sixty /.
Horrible case of deja vu /.
another deadly school shooting /.
this time in Tennessee /.
We 're going to have the latest on this developing story /.
Uh also why some are calling the riots in France that country 's Katrina problems long in the making that the violence has now revealed /.
And a report card well on our collective sex lives /.
/. Jack you want to stick around for this the biggest study since the Kinsey report they say /.
So How much have we changed in our habits in the last fifty years /?
You actually can get your questions answered about this /-
You can call us at one eight seven seven six four eight thity - six thirty - nine that 's one eight seven seven six four eight thirty - six thirty - nine or email us by going to our website CNN dot com slash Three Sixty /.
We 'll put your questions to some experts /.
Welcome back to the second hour of Three Sixty /.
We know that women are essential /.
but are men even necessary /?
I 'll talk to New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd about her latest book /.
Also the latest details in the fatal school shooting /.
Second hour of Three Sixty starts now /.
Should torture be banned during interrogations /?
The White House says the ban is n't necessary /.
but without it some fear the military will go too far /.
I 'd stick a knife in somebody 's thigh in a heartbeat /.
Plus let 's talk about sex /.
The biggest study on America 's collective sex life in fifty years /.
and you wo n't believe the results /.
We 're taking your calls /.
This is Anderson Cooper Three Sixty /.
Live from the CNN studios in New York here 's Anderson Cooper /.
Thanks very much for joining us /.
Let 's look at some of the other stories that are making headlines right now /.
At this moment a fatal school shooting in uh Jacksboro Tennessee leaves an assistant principal dead /.
No students were injured /.
Authorities are holding a fifteen year old in the attack /.
The school 's principal and a second assistant principal are hospitalized with serious wounds /.
Another CIA leak probe may be in the works /.
This time the question is who told The Washington Post that the CIA is operating prisons in Eastern Europe /.
Republican congressional leaders have asked for an investigation /.
To Baghdad now /.
another defense attorney in Saddam Hussein 's trial is murdered /.
A second co-defendant 's lawyer was gunned down /.
The killings are raising questions about whether the trial will resume as scheduled on November twenty - eighth /.
Indiana now /.
the mobile home park residents who survived Sunday 's deadly tornado will be allowed back to the area tomorrow /.
Authorities put the official death count at 22 people in two Indiana counties /.
Back to Jacksboro Tennessee now where tonight Campbell County Comprehensive High School is a crime scene the site of today 's deadly school shooting /.
CNN 's David Mattingly joins us with the latest on the investigation /.
David /?
Anderson some new information for you at this hour /.
We 're hearing from Knoxville the principal Gary Seal and assistant principal Jim Pierce are both out of surgery at this hour /.
Both of them are now listed in serious condition /.
These are the two survivors of this shooting /.
A third assistant principal Ken Bruce was killed as a fifteen year old student opened fire with a handgun near the school offices /.
That happened a little after two o'clock today /.
and as you might be able to see behind me with all the flashing blue lights the investigation still underway /.
We have also learned that at this hour investigators have questioned others as to where this young man was able to get a gun and how he was able to get it into the school questioning others to find out if others might have been somehow connected to this case /.
But at this point most of the investigation is going on inside the building collecting every possible piece of evidence that they can /.
The suspect is in custody at a juvenile detention facility /.
He was taken there after being treated for what looked like a gunshot wound to his hand /.
Investigators are being very careful about how they say uh this all came about /.
Uh they 're not willing at this point to put any sort of A B and C sequence together /.
Uh there are some people who knew this young man who say that he was troubled /.
but authorities will not confirm what was going through his mind or what was happening as this shooting occurred /.
Anderson /?
David we 've spoke uh in the last hour to a young man who knows uh this young man who 's now in custody who said that he had been suspended previously for a year for stabbing an assitant principal with a pen or a pencil /.
Do you know anything more about that /?
Uh authorities will not talk about that tonight /.
Uh we 're hoping that they will shed more light on that tomorrow /.
but we are hearing that story from multiple students /.
We 're not sure if it 's all part of the rumors that go around after these type of incidents do occur /.
but there seems to be some certain credibility in the widespread belief that uh this student did have problems the year prior and had problems uh as he came back to this high school /.
And David we 're looking at pictures now of the suspect being put into a police car /.
I do n't know if you 've seen the pictures /.
Is that blood on his shirt /?
That is blood on his shirt /.
Again he was treated for what looked like a gunshot wound to his hand suggesting that he might have been wounded himself during whatever struggle that occurred after these shootings /.
Authorities tell us that he had been subdued by the time the first responders arrived here so that he was subdued by staff here at the school /.
After all that happened the school was in lockdown /.
the students were locked in their classes for about two hours /.
They were released uh to some very anxious parents here outside the school grounds /.
The school is going to be closed for the rest of the week Anderson /.
There will be counseling here going on for anyone who needs it /.
and that goes for not just the students but the staff here as well /.
All right David thanks good reporting /.
As David it is an active investigation and crime scene as you can see very much uh still an active crime scene /.
Uh if we had to pick a single thing to underscore how completely life has changed in this country since nine eleven it might be the fact that there are now arguments serious ones not only against but also for torture /.
Never was a debate about this subject before /.
now there certainly is /.
CNN 's Tom Forman has been investigating /.
If you could save the life of a soldier rescue the hostage children stop the next terrorist bomb by torturing a prisoner for information would you do it /?
I 'd stick a knife in somebody 's thigh in a heartbeat /.
Retired general Spider Marks a CNN consultant worked for US army intelligence teaching interrogation techniques /.
The kind of enemies we 're fighting have no sense of right or wrong /.
They will go to any depths to achieve their ends /.
Do we have to go with them /?
we do n't need to go with them /.
we need to preclude them from going there /.
And that might include some use of torture in order to prevent it /.
Polls have shown that more than sixty percent of Americans think it can sometimes be justified /.
But here 's the catch /.
Experts including General Marks are convinced with the vast majority of prisoners it just does n't work /.
It does not give you credible accurate timely inactionable intelligence /.
Mark Jacobson a former defense department official outlines the troubles /.
You need to know a prisoner has critical information /.
the prisoner must be succeptable to torture /.
and oh by the way when people are tortured , when people endure physical pain they 're going to seek to stop that as quickly as possible /.
If I torture you you 're going to tell me exactly what I expect to hear /.
The White House under fire over reports of secret CIA prisons overseas says torture is not allowed /.
But /-
We are going to do what is necessary to protect the American people /.
We are also going to do so in a way that adheres to our laws and to our values /.
Uh we have made that very clear /.
The definition of torture is infliction of severe physical pain as a means of punishment or coersion /.
Legal authorities around the world are arguing over what that means /.
Some insist the abuses at that Iraqi prison easily qualify along with sleep deprivation humiliation extreme fear /.
Others say those things do n't even come close /.
The global jury is still out /.
and even experts are pondering a paradox /.
So in your experience and in your view torture as a policy should be against the law /.
True /.
And yet we might still have to use it /.
True /.
And wondering which truth about torture will stand in a dangerous world /.
Tom Forman CNN Washington /.
Well it 's interesting President Bush has said categorically we do n't torture /.
He also says we 'll do whatever is necessary /.
So what exactly does that mean /?
We asked a couple law professors earlier this evening to discuss the issue with us /.
John Yoo of University of California Berkeley who served in the justice department from two thousand and one to two thousand and three /.
He 's also a visiting scholar at the American Enterprise Institute /.
Also joining us Alan Dershowitz professor of law at Harvard the author of a great many books including The Case for Peace How the Arab Israeli Conflict can be Resolved /.
Also involved in discussion was Bill Goodman at the Center for Contitutional Rights /.
Here 's some of the conversation /.
Professor Dershowitz under what circumstances do you think torture is justified /?
Torture is never justified /.
and I hope we never have to use it in the United States /.
But if we ever had a ticking bomb terrorist who could under torture reveal the location of a bomb that would destroy hundreds of thousands of people I guarantee you we would use it /.
That 's an empirical judgement not a normative one /.
And if we would use it then we have to use it only with accountability /.
And that means that the president of the United States or the vice president or the secretary of defense or the chief justice has to specifically authorize precisely the kind of extreme measures that are permitted to be used /.
No extreme measures without accountability that has to be the rule /.
Bill Goodman you believe that 's uh a slippery slope /.
I think it 's a very slippery slope /.
I think once you start to say well under these circumstances empirically you 're going to and you have to provide these kinds of measures if you do it then you 're basically that under certain circumstances it can happen It should happen and then it 's going happen under more than those exceptional circumstances /.
It 's going to start becoming the regular rather than the unusual /.
Professor Yoo let me bring you in here um /.
What do you think about Professor Dershowitz 's argument that torture under any circumstances is wrong uh and that he supports the McCain amendment uh but at the president 's direction uh under extraordinary circumstances /.
I agree with much of what Alan says /.
I do think torture is wrong /.
it 's illegal /.
What the McCain amendment is just repeating is the Geneva convention standard that already applies in Iraq /.
what the problem with the McCain amendment is , that it prevents the CIA to use interrogation methods would not be torture but would fall under this vaguer term cruel inhumane degrading treatment which is /.
But what is your definition of torture /?
I mean uh I understand you were one of the lawyers in the justice department early on who helped craft documents outlining you know what some called a before nine eleven approach and after nine eleven approach /.
And the definition of torture uh that I understand from what I 've read that you were advocating was a very narrow one /.
look /.
we can all have an argument where exactly that line is /.
and I think it means severe pain and suffering either physical or mental can not be imposed /.
That would be torture /.
See /. I would have a broader definition of torture /.
I would define it very broadly then prohibit it /.
But then if it 's felt necessary to use any of these measures short of torture water boarding extreme psychological measures if the president of the United States is prepared to put his credibility on the line and say the future of the nation is stake we must violate the law in this instance like we would if we had to shoot down a civilian airliner let the president take accountability /.
And that would broaden the definition of torture /.
It would n't have any of these escape valves that we now have and would place accountability squarely where it belongs not on the shoulders of sergeant England or some other low ranking official /.
right now you 're just being an apologist for torture /.
Oh come on /.
stop throwing around words like that /.
uh let me please finish /.
I mean that 's just insulting to the intelligence of the audience /.
Look /.
let me finish /.
You know that /?
Let me talk /.
and then you can answer /.
Yeah /.
Okay /?
you know better than that /.
what 's your point /?
my point is this that torture is new in the American discourse in many ways /.
We have not seen the prevalence , we have not seen an outcropping of torture notwithstanding all of the wars in which we 've engaged until this current administration /.
Totally false /.
totally false /.
it was rampant in the second world war /.
rampant /.
And please /.
I mean but is n't it true that there has always been torture /?
Always /.
There always has but not in the degree not in the level not in the amount that we have seen /.
Much worse /.
much worse /.
And the fact is that by saying that we are going to allow certain circumstances under which we will apologize for torture /-
Much worse in the Vietnam war /.
much worse in the Korean war /.
much worse /.
I ca n't talk without me /.
All right you 're saying it 's been much worse /.
Much worse /.
Professor Yoo eh President Bush says the US does not torture /.
Do you believe that 's true /?
Yeah I believe it 's not true , that if there is abuses like Abu Ghraib occuring they 're just illegal and ought to be punished /.
Professor Dershowitz does the US torture /?
Of course it does /.
and it does with a wink and a nod from the president of the United States from the secretary of defense from the vice president /.
Just the message he gave yesterday we do n't approve torture but we approve doing whatever is necessary to stop terrorism /.
And that sends a mixed message /.
Bill let me uh tell you something that Senator Roberts has said about the McCain amendment /.
He says and I 'm paraphrasing that basically the element of surprise what the enemy does not know about what we 're going to do to them is a very powerful tool /.
And so you do n't want to specify /.
you do n't want to write out exactly what can and can not be done /.
That is truly apologism for torture /.
That 's saying that torture does work can work /.
and it 's never been proven to work /.
Bill Goodman Professor Yoo Professor Dershowitz thanks very much /.
Thank you /.
Still ahead on Three Sixty . It may be off - year elections but they 're being closely watched /.
The latest results and what they say about the future /.
Also the crisis unfolding in France what the riots and the raids behind them have revealed . And why Maureen Dowd thinks women of her generation were sold a bill of goods /.
All the things we did that we thought would make us more fascinating like high - powered careers /.
And we wanted that snappy Hepburn Tracy dialogue because actually a lot of guys find that draining /.
We 'll talk to her about that and a whole lot more /.
Be right back /.
Election returns are coming in from around the country /.
There are uh state and local races with nationally known faces and issues as well as a celebrity or two /.
With us tonight CNN 's John King and Jeff Greenfield /.
Let 's start with breaking news and John King in DC /.
What 's the latest John /?
Anderson more statements from the democrats celebrating tonight more events planned by the democrats tomorrow /.
They believe they have the upper hand in these off - year elections /.
The two biggest races the races for the governorships of Virginia and New Jersey /.
Democrats winning in both of those states we can show you here /.
CNN projecting that Tim Kaine now the lieutenant governor will be the next governor of Virginia winning quite handily fifty - two to forty - six percent over republican Jerry Kilgore /.
Also in the state of New Jersey John Corzine the democrat with fifty - four percent of the vote right now beating Doug Forrester the republican just forty - three percent /.
Ninety - one percent of the vote counted in New Jersey /.
Ninety - nine percent of the vote counted now in Virginia /.
Two democratic victories in the races for governor /.
Republican Michael Bloomberg will win re-election in New York /.
Republicans will celebrate that /.
That a source of frustration to democrats /.
How much does this mean nationally /?
That race in New Jeresey was much more personally nasty about property taxes perhaps than about President Bush or any national issues /.
The Virginia race about the death penalty about other state issues as well traffic number one among them /.
But the democrats will certainly that the Virginia race is proof that the republican base is demoralized /.
That will be studied Anderson as we look at these off - year elections and how much they play into next year /.
Many state ballot questions that are of some national import tonight /.
A anti-gas tax initiative in Washington state /.
we wo n't get the results there until tomorrow /.
A split verdict if you will on the issue of gay rights /.
Texas voters adopting a Constituional amendment to finding marriage as between a man and woman /.
but supporters of gay rights winning a referendum in the state of Maine /.
That is something to watch heading into next year as well because republicans think that helps increase turnout among conservatives /.
And ballots of course /.
Uh the polls are still open in California /.
so we do n't know about the ballot initiatives there /.
Is Arnold Schwarzenegger 's reputation on these ballots /?
Journalists sources and jail /.
a conversation with Bob Woodward about the CIA leak investigation Judith Miller Karl Rove his long and tortured relationship with Deep Throat and trying to crack the secrecy surrounding the supreme court /.
Welcome back to this one hour edition of reliable sources /.
With Judith Miller in jail and Washington in an uproar over journalists protecting Karl Rove and other high level administration sources in the Valerie Plame leak investigation who better to check in with than Bob Woodward the author most recently of the Secret Man a new book about his relationship with the famous Watergate source Deep Throat /.
Here 's my conversation with the Washington Post assistant managing editor /.
Judith Miller in jail for protecting her sources an act of conscience ah paying a heavy price /.
but is n't there a minimal public sympathy for her because these sources were not exposing wrongdoing as Deep Throat did but outing a CIA operative /?
Um yes ah apparently /.
Ah again I 'm not sure there 's any crime in all of this /.
Um the special prosecutor 's been working eighteen months /.
Uh eighteen months into Watergate we knew about the tapes /.
people were in jail /.
people had pled guilty /.
in other words there was a solid evidentary trail /.
Well but crime or not it looks like a bit of political dirty work /.
I do n't see it here /.
Well I mean it may just be politics as usual /.
I mean Rove 's ah defenders say look , the evidence is /-
and the evidence is ah that he was saying ah um Joe Wilson who was uh criticizing the administration on weapons of mass destruction really had an axe to grind and got his job because his wife had worked at the CIA and recommended him /.
So there 's fuzziness to this /.
Now it may turn out to be ah worse than Watergate /.
ah but ah it does n't look that way now /.
All right I asked the New York Times editor Bill Keller ah this past week about whether the newspaper and Judy Miller were acting above the law after losing in the courts /.
Here 's what he had to say /.
the above the law thing is a little gratuitous ah I think /.
Ah I mean the law presented Judy Miller with a choice she could betray her trust ah or she could go to jail /.
and she took what I believe is the brave and honorable choice /.
she went to jail /.
we ran out of law /.
Could you have been subpeonaed ah and threatened with jail during Watergate /.
or was the climate toward the press so much different then /?
Well I do n't know that it 's different /.
Ah assuredly Carl Berstein and I could 've been subpoenaed ah /.
Did you worry about it /?
Sure a little bit /.
but you know what happened ah /.
There were so many specifics in our stories ah about money and high level people in the White house and the Nixon campaign that the prosecutors could subpoena them and get them to talk which eventually they did /.
and there were Senate hearings when ah everyone testified in public /.
So you had ah very very different circumstances /.
So you know I agree with the editor of the New York Times that ah this is not a perfect case Judy Miller /.
but the idea of the government and special prosecutors monkeying around with the relationship that reporters have with sources ah is a very very bad thing /.
And you look at the Matt Cooper business /.
and you know not to ah spend a lot of time on the details /.
Pull a camera back /.
what 's going on here /.
But you know better than anyone there is an informal network of reporters and government people on both sides democrats republicans ah liberals conservatives who talk to reporters /.
and I may talk to somebody /.
and we will talk about ninety or a hundred subjects /.
what 's going on /.
what do you hear /.
what does this look like /.
where is that going /.
what do n't we know /.
And then something comes up like this where suddenly you 're dealing with a covert operative /.
Maybe you did n't expect the person to say that /.
but you 've given your word , you 've given your pledge , you 're going to protect this person /.
Yes but when we learn all about this um I think very few people knew she was a covert operative in the CIA , that she worked in the CIA as a weapons of mass destruction analyst /.
so this is the kind of banter that goes on that helps the public and us figure out uh what the stories are , what 's being hidden ah what games are being played and so forth /.
In other words do n't underestimate the importance of these background or off the record conversations /.
/.
exactly it sounds kind of like a BS session /.
and some of it is /.
but it 's a vital lifeline to the underbelly of government /.
For the special prosecutor to come roaring in here with a tank and say ah you know I 'm going to destroy that and ah here look at Judy Miller , she never wrote a story about this this is totally ridiculous /.
Right you mentioned Karl Rove /.
Newsweek reports that he discussed Plame /.
and we have the email now ah with Matt Cooper /.
New York Times reports that Karl Rove discussed Plame with Carl Novak /.
Um does any of this reporting make you uncomfortable given all the books and articles written about who Deep Throat was that reporters are now going up to other reporters ' sources on this story /?
Yeah sure and I think the prosecutor 's making a mistake /.
and I think the judge in the case should 've been much more rigorous in making the government really show they have evidence of a crime and they need this testimony /.
now it may turn out in the end to be very different /.
but all the discussions that Rove had with these two reporters Bob Novak and Matt Cooper that we know about and there may have been others were not about Valerie Plame as a covert undercover CIA operative whose identity had to be protected like the crown jewels /.
Right /.
it was about somebody in the CIA who was an analyst who got her husband this job to go to Africa to see if they could find evidence of wh- /-
But her husband being a prominent White House critic who clearly the administration was angry at and wanted to /.
Yeah sure but you know you know ah welcome to ah Washington and politics /.
You 're saying it 's hardball /.
All right a- /-
now the question is I mean /.
I 'm sorry /.
I wo n't answer it /.
you ah /-
/.
Does this go beyond the boundaries of the normal interchange of information /?
Based on what I 've seen does n't /.
and they 're cutting into it /.
and I think it 's a mistake /.
I wanted to ask you about Scott McClellan who as you know has been just uh eviscerated by reporters at the White House this week /.
Let 's take a look at Monday 's breifing and some of the questions about Rove /.
Scott I mean I mean this is ridiculous the notion that you 're going to stand before us after having commented with that level of detail and tell people watching this that somehow you 've decided not to talk /.
Now that Rove has in a sense been caught red - handed peddling this information all of a sudden you have respect for the sanctity of a criminal investigation /?
Does McClellan 's role here remind you at all of the old Nixon spokesman Ron Zeigler calling Watergate a third - rate burglary and stonewalling to use a Watergate term /?
Is the administration stonewalling here /?
Well /.
Scott McClellan is stonewalling and saying I 'm not going to answer /.
but he 's not denying things /.
he earlier said totally ridiculous /.
He earlier was doing /-
Yeah but was involved in what /?
Involved in criminal disclosure of this ah woman 's identity or involved in this free interchange ah /.
Now I admit you know noone knows the answer to this /.
I do n't even think the special prosecutor knows the answer to this /.
So ah let 's wait and see /.
but here 's the lesson /.
be careful what you say ah particularly early in an inquiry /.
and what 's the main lesson of Watergate /.
in these sort of uh scandals you know better than anyone /.
get the full story out completely at the start so they do n't have to drag it out of you /.
and that 's what we 're in /.
we 're in the dragging out phase /.
All right turning now to the secret man and your relationship with Deep Throat Mark Felt then the number two official in the FBI you grapple with the question of why did he do it , why did he risk his career to meet you in that parking garage /.
You 're still not sure /.
No I am /.
I lay out the reasons /.
but it 's layered you know like most human motivation /.
Um there 're many um reasons /.
and they 're uh occurring simultaneously /.
But what outraged /-
Yeah /.
And in your question you have an assumption /.
did he risk his career /.
you see ah /-
Was n't it dangerous /?
It was dangerous /.
but we set up these clandestine meetings ah and clandestine signals so he did n't have to risk his career /.
I was pledged to tell noone /.
he set up this system so noone would know that we were talking /.
and so as far as he was concerned yes there 's always risk in something like this /.
but he had taken such extreme care that there was minimal risk /.
Let 's take a look at who most people think of when they think of Deep Throat /.
they think of Hal Holbrook and the movie All The President 's Men /.
Let 's watch /.
The story has stalled on us /.
And you thought I 'd help /?
I 'll never quote you /.
I would n't quote you even as an anonymous source /.
You 'd be on deep background /.
But of course in your book with Carl Bernstein and the movie you do describe a Deep Throat character /.
Did you have any reservations about that /.
were you betraying that agreement we just saw /?
Ah no I really was n't because he also said that in the agreement was no disclosure but ah like all complicated relationships he said push me /.
I 've been a street agent in the FBI /.
and you do n't get anywhere unless you push people like Hale /.
so go ahead /.
So there are two tracks absolute confidentiality but push to get as much information , confirm as much new information as possible /.
and ah when we wrote the book ah All the President 's Men Carl and I thought I mean how do you leave Deep Throat out /?
Ah would 've been dishonest /.
Ah we concealed his identity in a way ah that it remained confidential for more than thirty years after that book came out and it only was disclosed because Mark Felt his lawyer and family decided to disclose it /.
How did you feel when more recently you saw that FBI memo that he had signed saying that Woodward and Berstein were reporting half - truths and fiction and we need to find the leakers this at the very time when he was meeting privately and secretly with you kind of duplicitous /.
Yes it 's very duplicitous yes /.
but it 's also very careful because it was addressing a specific story that he was not a source of /.
And in the memo he says yes clearly ah they have access to FBI or justice department sources /.
And then in the process of this leak investigation which he is running he finds the leakers somebody in the White House and presumably one of the assistant prosecutors he alleges /.
so it 's perfect /.
Ah and he sends this memo to the acting FBI director Al Patrick Grey /.
and then they send a message to the Attorney General ah saying you know case closed we found out who did it /.
it 's perfect /.
Counter-intelligence it 's very sophisticated /.
it 's what somebody would do who was a Soviet spy or a spy in the Kremlin for us /.
Right /.
Now in nineteen seventy eight Felt was convicted later pardoned ah of authorizing black - bag jobs against weathermen underground radicals /.
Um did that change your view of him /?
I mean here supposedly he 'd been outraged by Nixon White House corruption in dealing with you /.
and yet he engaged in some of it himself /.
Yes that 's right /.
and his justification was that there was a security threat /.
but there 's always a security threat /.
Um but it is different because what Nixon was doing was for political purposes political intelligence um /.
The Weathermen were violent /.
there 's no question about it /.
I do n't think they posed a threat to the republic that clearly at this moment Mark Felt and some other people in the FBI thought /.
You write ah here Bob Woodward that the portrait of me is not all that admirable /.
and you say that you lied to Richard Cohen the Washington Post columnist and your colleague ah who wanted to write a column this was twenty years ago saying that he thought Felt was Deep Throat /.
why did n't you just say I 'm not going to talk about it as you did when most journalists asked /?
because he had the initials on the memo which were MF Mark Felt and he knew Carl Berstein 's wife and he was going to assert it with the kind of authority that is rare not rare for Richard as a columnist but uh that this was a fact /.
And this was a sensitive time /.
this was when Felt was on trial /.
this was ah either before or right after , he had been pardoned by Ronald Reagan /.
I had to protect the source /.
and Cohen was persistant /.
I could n't stop him without lying /.
I lied /.
I regret doing that /.
and I 've apologized to him since /.
and he said well of course you lied /.
you have to protect the source /.
Ah it was just one column /.
All right we need to take a break /.
When we come back , was Mark Felt capable of informed consent in releasing his long held secret to the world /?
We 'll ask Bob Woodward that question next /.
CNN tonight at seven /.
After terrorist target London how 's the rest of the world winning the war on terror /?
Then at eight an all new progress report on the War on Terror /.
Go beyond the headlines starting with CNN tonight seven eastern /.
Welcome back to Reliable Sources /.
we 're talking to Bob Woodward about his new book on Deep Throat /.
For years you were tempted to call Mark Felt and to renew and perhaps repair your relationship with him /.
You say you were gutless and you did n't do it /.
why /?
Yeah I was gutless um because you know he had gone through this trial , it looked like ten years in jail ah he was devastated and ah /-
And he 'd been cold toward you /.
Yeah yeah he was not happy with the book and the movie ah /.
but the main thing is this was a guy ah whose liberty was in jeopardy for about three or four years /.
he was pardoned by Reagan /.
and I felt he dodged a bullet /.
Ah his wife was ill /.
ah she died I think in nineteen eighty four /.
and then he went out to live with his daughter /.
and I felt look ah his life is fine /.
he 's happy /.
I 've got other things to do /.
ah I know what happened /.
he knows ah what happened /.
what 's the loop to close /.
and then ah very belatedly five years ago I went to see him /.
and his memory is gone /.
/.
But there is still that wonderful kind of human connection that 's almost ah primal /.
Ah he recognized who I was /.
Yeah yeah very emotional /.
/.
but when you talk about his memory he did n't even remember this was five years ago or barely remembered that Richard Nixon had resigned /.
Looms large in all of our memories /.
so was it surprising shocking disappointing frustrating that he remembered so little /?
Let me r- /-
Yes that 's right /.
Sad sad sad /.
Yeah /.
And my regret is I did n't get out there sooner and sit down with him and say look we need to talk about this /.
what more is there to it /.
how did the signals work /.
ah what are some of the things you were thinking /.
Same time I know a lot about his motive of frustration and uh you know reckless uh law - breaking going on in the Nixon White House uh the level of lawbreaking which we have not seen since and I hope we never see again /.
I mean he saw it /.
and he was willing to help /.
but he was willing to help in a way /.
he did n't look at himself as a leaker /.
I think in a sense ah he did n't look at himself as the Deep Throat who was kind of this person who came forward /.
The swashbuckling source /.
He was guiding you /.
but he would n't volunteer information /.
Yeah he was careful /.
he was careful /.
and you know this was a J Edgar Hoover man /.
and I think we may find out someday ah I hope we do that he studied at the feet of the master Hoover who did things like this a lot /.
/.
But was he capable now at the age of ninety one of giving informed consent to go public /.
or did you decide you were just not going to push him even if it meant that Vanity Fair or somebody else got that story first /?
Well I ah consulted Ben Bradley the former editor of the Post /.
and he said you really ca n't get informed consent /.
I ah consulted the best lawyer in town Bob Barnett /.
ah and he went through it and said you need voluntary absolute and ah competent ah declaration on his part that you were ah released from this agreement /.
and there was no way to get it ah given Mark Felt 's state of mind /.
so I backed off /.
All right Bob Woodward /.
stay put /.
when we come back did n't everyone in the press say that William Rehnquist was about to retire as Cheif Justice /?
We 'll ask Woodward about that in a moment /.
Welcome back to our conversation with Bob Woodward /.
Speculation about the cheif justice of the United States got out of control this past week /.
Many believe it 's just a matter of time before Chief Justice William Rehnquist steps down /.
My source tells me that he is going to retire and the time of retiring is going to be as soon as the President is back in the country as soon as Air Force One lands in the country /.
What everyone believes and I guess I do agree with this is that the Cheif Justice will now step down this week , that there will be two vacancies /.
Rehnquist of course now saying he has no plans to ah step down /.
was n't this the press that had speculated worse /?
Yeah it was /.
and ah kind of stupidly so /.
Ah I mean there is a way to say look he 's ill /.
ah people are claiming they have inside information /.
but I thought ah Rehnquist said it best when somebody asked him recently and said it 's for me to know and you to find out /.
I remember hearing that phrase first in third grade /.
/.
Now you wrote a book about the Supreme Court the Brethren /.
At the time Rehnquist was on the Supreme Court /.
five justices cooperated with you you 've said /.
Rehnquist was one of them /?
I 'm not saying /.
we do n't disclose our sources /.
So there 's still Deep Throats on the court /?
That 's right /.
and you know we still protect sources who ah were justices or are justices perhaps /.
But you have Lewis Powell was one of your sources because he 's passed away /.
Yes yes he 's deceased /.
and it 's very interesting having a Supreme Court justice who 's a confidential source /.
Ah someday when my notes on this are released you will see Supreme Court justices saying come in the back door /.
ah ah do n't quote a Justice because somebody will say which son of a bitch talked /.
/.
Why do n't justices talk on the record /?
I mean it 's this kind of secretive shadowy institution /.
Um should they give more interviews to people like you /?
Oh of course oh yes /.
I think we need more sunlight on all institutions /.
and that 's why Scott Armstrong and I did the book ah on the Supreme Court /.
Ah people now realize that lots of the justices ' papers are avaliable how incredibly accurate and carefully that book was done /.
All right well I love the idea of justices spinning you on background at least trying to get their version of the truth out /.
Ah just breifly ah Mark Felt ah we were talking about he 's made his own book and movie deal /.
Ah can you see Tom Hanks playing Deep Throat in the next movie /?
Um anything 's possible /.
maybe he 'll be playing Karl Rove in the next movie /.
who knows ah /.
Funny things happen /.
but I think ah Felt 's lawyer and family can do ah something that 's going to add to the record on all of this /.
All right we 'll wait and see /.
Bob Woodward thanks for joining us /.
Thank you /.
We 'll be right back /.
Today since we came we 've been talking about this phrase domestic brand , ah , but what exactly does it mean .
Because we also know that actually the engines in some models of Chery are not made by the company itself , so how do we explain domestic brand .
Domestic brand , eh , actually is just what the name implies , eh , this , it 's our own baby .
Uh-huh .
That is , the baby son is not adopted , but our very own .
Uh-huh .
Well , your own baby 's arms and legs can be bought from other people and put on .
so , eh , among these kinds of domestic brands , there is still some distance between the complete brand and the product .
Uh-huh .
Because the brand , eh , it incorporates the product , ah , incorporates the company , ah , incorporates a lot of content , and includes its denotation and its connotation , many emotional things , while the product itself , eh , is an expression of the brand , ah .
Yeah .
So , how should we view this part of the product .
We think that , eh , it is exactly , eh , in the process of independent innovation , then , we ca n't completely cut ourselves off from the outside world .
Because , for example , at present , we are still using some chips from abroad as some of our chips in computers .
So this entire process is a process of how to transform the main parts and the core parts by phases .
First we must have our own brands , first we must have the main part of our own product .
Then we must gradually , step by step perfect the core part , eh , through , step by step , importation , digesting and absorbing .
Yeah .
A moment ago , looking at the experience of our reporter , I was thinking that if now I was the family member of a sufferer and the sufferer 's symptoms were also very critical , for example , something like heart disease , ah , the kind of illness where you are racing against the clock , well , the process of waiting for that voice prompt would definitely be too tortuous .
Seeing that just now , my first reaction was that it was extremely irresponsible .
And why .
The Ministry of Health asked that health care organizations focus on the patient .
This set up is completely centered on itself .
It is extremely indifferent and at the same time is unable to guarantee emergency treatment .
So , among the advanced emergency systems of this kind that you have had contact with , what do you think is the most suitable model .
The establishment of a consolidated emergency center .
I see .
This emergency center , when we dial its telephone number , it is immediately able to display our location .
It has a regulation and control system and as well it has established many branch centers , or emergency stations .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Then , eh , immediately , based on the principle of proximity , it assigns corresponding emergency personnel to carry out the relevant treatment .
Uh-huh .
We became aware , eh , that local healthcare administration departments were still some biased toward the understanding that only one emergency center can be established in a district .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
One emergency center does not mean that there is only one emergency station .
Under an emergency center , there can be branch centers and emergency stations .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , the principle of emergency care is rapidity , proximity and capability .
That is also to say , that a facility only needs to have emergency treatment capabilities , then following examination and approval by the health administration , it can become an emergency care center or emergency care station .
Have you sent it .
No .
It has not yet now been sent .
Why not .
If sending it would win a prize then maybe .
He said , you will get a notebook computer , if there is no notebook computer , I will not write such a thing .
Then what is this theory of old - fashioned private school for , eh .
This theory of old - fashioned private school is for you to read .
Oh , for us to read .
you wrote it even without the notebook computer , ah .
If this is sent over there will be a notebook computer .
Er .
Will you send it .
I 'll send it after this program .
Send it after this program .
My goodness .
You still have n't told me that specific ideal .
You said that just now , and I already understood .
Uh-huh , specifically , what do you want to be .
Be a teacher , or be an author , what do you want to be .
You need to have a specific career goal , do you have one .
Actually , the dream is , leader .
Ah .
Leader .
Leader .
Want to be a leader .
A leader .
What kind of people can be classified as a leader .
At what level can someone be considered a leader .
Er , we should ask your program to make the guess on your own .
Like Deng Xiaoping .
Let us guess on our own .
You at least have to tell us till which level .
Well , I see from these books of yours , Deng Xiaoping , Nixon , Confucius , oh , they are all leaders .
It must be so , there 's also Chairman Mao .
This thing itself is now called the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor .
Everyone first wants to get this thing done successfully .
As a result , its location is very important .
Well , the final conclusion , eh , was to locate it in France .
What is China 's view on this .
um er , from the very beginning , er , through our experts ' investigation and research , the final , er , important conclusion was that we should choose France as the site .
Er , the main reason is that this place , Cadarache , France , has , er , uh , better infrastructure , a better working foundation .
So , as far as China is concerned , from the very beginning we firmly supported locating the site in France .
Locating it in France will not interfere with our sharing of the achievements , will it .
Since the site can only be in one country , we must effectively guarantee the rights of the various countries through , er , a treaty .
So when we look back again now , there is a huge difference between the current negotiations and the past negotiations .
This huge difference is exactly North Korea 's change of status .
An enormous change has taken place .
Yeah .
In the past , uh , the negotiations , uh , were conducted under the general suspicion that North Korea had nuclear weapons and a nuclear program .
Well , now North Korea has already conducted a nuclear test , and well , it has also declared itself , like this , as a nuclear country , and wanted to participate in the talks in this role .
Of course , several other parties , especially the US , are strongly opposed , and will absolutely not agree to it .
Yet , here , we should see that there is still a certain level of flexibility at play here .
However , the overall atmosphere still does n't give people much to be optimistic about .
Well , eh , under this , eh , just as we talked about before , the financial sanctions can be discussed in separate groups .
Then again , the US also sent a sort of message , ah , this year , er , actually earlier , eh , saying it could consider giving North Korea some written assurance as well .
That is , are n't you , this , North Korea , very much concerned about your own security .
Then the US can also consider giving this security assurance in , this , written form .
Yeah .
Among these programs , what do you appreciate most .
This , it is too difficult to say , I think I should say maybe it 's the next program ah --
The next program .
Then , from these programs that we 've seen , for instance from the surface , like the dragon dance , uh , it is easy and we do n't need to understand much about it , or like the fan dance , ah , or bowls - balancing dance , ah , it 's a completely beautiful thing , a kind of artistic expression .
Then , for instance , eh , I saw a program about Yue Fei 's total dedication to his country , uh , and the words his mother etched on him .
Yes , yes .
Then , if these children do not know Chinese history very well , do you think they can understand the program .
Eh , through the form of theatrical performances , it is still quite popular .
Of course , if for instance it is about telling a story , eh , then perhaps they may not have any perceptual understanding of it , oh .
I remember an example just like this from last year .
Eh , after some children watched the program , they said , oh , the story this my parents told me several years ago is actually like this .
He can actually feel it , after all , his story has become three - dimensional .
If it 's simply a story , they probably can not remember after listening to it .
Eh , I think there are one or two programs like this in each performance , and it is very educational , with deep , er , and profound significance .
It 's that your , this , assessment is clearly more confident than mine and also a lot more optimistic , uh .
That 's certain , ah .
Uh , there are still more than just over ten years for us to forecast .
Director Xu made a statement that was true , ah , that is , from the viewpoint of the average consumer , there is a faily large gap between the technology in Chinese cars and the technology in foreign cars .
So , why are you so confident .
I always want to refer back to our country 's , um , household appliances , ah , light industry , or the household appliance sector and compare it to our current vehicles .
Of course , there are differences between the two industries , but let 's look at the trend , look at the tide .
Who ever ah , five or six years ago , thought China 's household appliance products would not only take hold of every corner of entire China , but also take hold of the better part of the international market .
To tell the truth , I also did n't expect it , so I discovered just how low my level was , really .
Really , at the time , I really did n't expect it .
Later on , I also thought about this , that I had n't expected it .
Uh-huh .
Because at the outset , when joint - venture brands and , this , import brands were coming in , what everybody was crowding for and grabbing up were all those joint - venture brands and import brands , because they thought the quality was good .
Well , then later on , we now discover that our domestically produced appliances are also extremely good .
Not only do we use them ourselves , but we also export them .
That is the truth .
But this report , other than the ten people doing the investigation , do you feel that the report is a sufficient reflection of the current Iraq situation .
Is it adequate .
Um , in reality , that is the responsibility of the ten people was to investigate the development of the state of affairs in the Iraq situation up to the situation as it currently stands .
Uh-huh .
But in the end , we finally see that some of these ten people just went through the motions somewhat .
Like Rice , Rice herself , she , um , took over as secretary of state quite late , so she is not to blame for very much .
The one who is most to blame is still the person who was in charge of the intelligence agencies at the time .
Right .
And the most responsible , the number one person to blame , eh , should be the defense secretary , that Rumsfeld .
He decided the post-war reestablishment of order .
He ordered the disbanding of the Iraq military and ordered that the Baath Party be declared illegal .
It was him who persuaded President Bush to make this momentous strategic decision .
Uh-huh .
So I feel that with regard to final responsibility he is probably the most to blame .
Uh-huh .
Um , after an eight - month investigation this ten - person group , in the end , eh , has submitted such a report that contains seventy - nine recommendations .
Uh , ordinarily , eh , as , this , leader , Baker is the head of this group .
Well , he , eh , is also an old family friend of the Bush clan .
Normally , nothing will take place that will embarrass the Bush clan or President Bush himself , but we noticed , that there were still three major discords in the report , eh .
Teacher Wang , during the reporter 's interview , Mr. Pan repeatedly mentioned there is a priority purchase right .
Legally , what is the concept of a priority purchase right .
Then , the concept of a priority purchase right as applied to a lessee works like this , in a housing rental transaction , when the renter wants to sell his rented , this , house to a third party , the lessee has the priority to purchase the house under similar conditions .
Yes .
Yes .
Right .
For example the two of us .
Oh .
Right .
The two of us .
I rent a house from you .
Right .
Yes , now you want to sell it .
I want to sell , I want to sell to another person .
Right .
500,000 .
OK .
Then now you say , for 500,000 I am also willing to purchase .
Yes , yes , yes .
Under these circumstances and under similar conditions , I must sell the house to you , that is , you as the lessee .
Yes , yes , yes , yes .
This is your priority purchase right as the lessee .
Therefore , Mr. Pan should have this priority purchase right .
In this case , Mr. Pan is a legal lessee ; therefore , according to article 230 of the contract law , he certainly has such a priority of purchase right .
Yes .
Just now we were primarily talking about those produced by counterfeiting , but which are the channels in which such vehicle license plates were generally stolen .
Eh , in recent years , the theft of military license plates has been on an upward trend .
As we all know , in 2004 vehicles in our military changed to a new type of license plates .
Over the past two years , eh , large quantities of license plates were stolen from the military and the armed police , and the situation has become very serious .
Some lawless individuals have seized on the theft of these military vehicle license plates as a road to fortune .
Eh , in the past they pried and stole license plates from outside the barracks , but later it developed to a stage where they illegally climbed over the walls and entered the camps , in order to steal the license plates .
Uh .
Some even wear army uniforms to pass themselves off as soldiers , and enter and steal from the camps .
Even worse , eh , some of them , er , would drill holes in the walls , sneak into the military garage , and steal a number of license plates all at once ; there was one time where more than ten plates were stolen .
Uh-huh .
Ai , it should be said that this has become very reckless .
One situation is when a stolen or a counterfeit license plate is placed on a vehicle .
It is said that , this , the vehicle does not correspond to the license plate .
Are there any cases where the vehicle corresponds to the license plate , and yet at the same time should be included in the crack - down category , is there any situation like this .
So long as the vehicles are not managed and categorized by the military , and if you use , eh , stolen military license plates without approval or produce military license plates illegally , eh , or even buy a military license plate for personal use , these are all cases of masquerading as military vehicles , and are all included within the crack - down category .
Uh-huh .
Now you have also begun playing the role of a communication bridge between the two of them .
Can I ask you , ah , which part acutually shows Ma Ying - jeou 's so - called sincerity and benevolence .
Um , I 'll explain here in particular , because the fact is that the communication , ah , between the coalition happiness has actually gone on for a very long time .
And Chairman Soong , uh , he has also taken into consideration that because he himself is a candidate in Taipei , in the future it might not be convenient for him to routinely meet directly with Chairman Ma regarding certain affairs .
Uh-huh .
So he especially handed over to me the role of representing him in future affairs between the two parties of the Kuomintang and the People First Party , and to represent him in carrying out direct communication with Chairman Ma .
Um , over the last few months , I have indeed represented Chairman James Soong in meeting with Chairman Ma for a very long time and we discussed many issues concerning the two parties ' affairs .
And as for that thing that Chairman Ma wrote , it was because after that thing -- about the two people meeting -- got out , outsiders had a lot of doubts .
So in this situation , he was also particularly hoping that I could pass on the plan the two of them had for future development of the two parties of the Kuomintang and the People First Party .
In this direction , his benevolence and sincerity will absolutely not change .
Okay .
Eh .
I understand what you mean .
Need to struggle , yet a fist - fight is not appropriate , so the best way is a water - fight .
Yes .
Eh , a water - fight can train him in multiple ways , and can prevent harm .
But do n't we need to consider saving water .
Eh , yes .
But our water conservation has an issue about proportion .
Yes .
Uh-huh , the water gun holds and uses a very small amount of water .
If some water vehicles spill a little from their side , and everywhere try and solve it a little , this problem will be solved .
Very good , I feel that your parents are really democratic .
Your family is very democratic .
Your parents have never severely reprimanded you , right .
And of course they 'd never hit you ; in general I think girls do n't get beaten , right .
Yes , sometimes when I really provoked them they would , but this rarely happens .
Yes .
Usually what do they scold you about .
Uh-huh , I ca n't remember that .
Because in the last two years , in the past two years it seems that they have n't lost their temper too badly .
Is it because you have good temper , or has she been behaving exceptionally well .
She behaves well .
She is , very sensible .
That is to say , things that other children would do that would cause their parents to discipline them basically do not happen to her .
eh , look at the way she usually talks , you see , it is not very much like a 14 - year - old child .
She seems young and competent , right .
She really does .
Well , this time , I think there were a few prominent features , uh , about new technologies .
One , eh , was what is called TSI , which was brought on this occasion .
This type is called a dual - charging engine .
The use of such a dual - charging engine , eh , is its general use in products , I feel this is a change this time .
Looking at the second one , eh , it is the hybrid vehicles this time ,
As for the hybrid motors , ah , this time I observed that it was the second generation hybrid motors that had been put in the products , ah .
Well hybrid cars have n't sold very well in China , it seems .
Um , it 's just getting started .
Uh , I feel it just got going , so we ca n't say they have n't sold well .
Anything in its initial stage , to say that its sales are very low , that its buyers are few , that is , to say that it is n't selling well does n't really have much meaning .
This , now is not the summer when the watermelons will be harvested , or the time for eating watermelons , right .
After measuring the current market , to say , How many watermelons did you sell today on your stand here .
This , this is a watermelon that the aristocracy and rich want to eat .
At this time , we ca n't come to the assessment that the watermelons are n't selling well .
Yes , the watermelons are being prepared for the summer .
Hey , it is not that it is n't time yet .
Well , during the live news interview with Professor Ruan just now , I heard you say that the focuses of the U.S. and North Korea do not seem to be in sync right now .
So what should the U.S. be concerned about this time .
This , actually the United States has been very specific , both Bush and Rice have delivered speeches , which are very clear , and that is to say , the September 19 joint statement must be fully and comprehensively implemented .
Well also , if we refine it a little bit , eh , North Korea is required to abandon its nuclear weapons .
If you do n't abandon nuclear weapons , there is nothing we can talk about .
There is also a return , North Korea must return to this Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
And they must place their nuclear plans , eh , under the , this , supervision of the , this , International Atomic Energy Agency .
Hill also said that if possible , he wished to go home for Christmas .
He hopes that this issue would be resolved before the Christmas holiday .
Ah , yes , at least there is an initial result .
Uh-huh .
Starting from 2006 and up until the present , no less than ten similar incidents have been reported in the media .
Yes .
Do we also need to consider , um , whether the department in question can use some method to protect drivers somewhat .
Looking at it from the angle of the public transport companies , some , effective measures could be adopted , er , for example , a protective barrier system like that in taxis , right .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh , uh-huh , uh-huh .
Installing buses with police alert systems could also be considered .
Uh-huh .
Once such an emergency arose , the driver or the ticket seller could instantly activate the police alert system to alert the police .
Uh-huh .
Buses are , um , a very , very important means of transportation in our lives .
If we allow coldness and indifference to spread over this means of transportation , perhaps one day it will be our own health or safety that is threatened .
On the one hand , the department in question should build up beneficial measures .
On the other hand , maybe we should all join together in building an atmosphere of mutual solicitude .
If it was like that , such vicious violent incidents would surely not occur again in the public buses .
Since the ability of criminals to avoid detection is so strong , what methods have you come up with to counter them when working a case .
Um .
Well , we might have an undercover investigation .
We act as buyers looking to purchase plates or permits .
The adversary then makes contact and communication for us .
Uh-huh .
So , through contact and communication , right , we found out basic area of operation of these ten or so cell phones was around Taiyuan .
After that , the military and the local police jointly established a case and jointly adopted measures to directly hit and encircle the two points , thereby realizing a pinpoint strike against them .
We saw the close facsimiles of license plates they 'd made , ha .
they should have been most likely made from molds .
Then , where did the molds come from .
Did they make them by themselves too .
Um , from what we understand , eh , this , the molds came from two directions .
Uh-huh .
On the one hand , they were from common tools that they 'd bought in markets .
Uh-huh .
On the other hand , there were specialized tools that they had somebody make .
For example , the steel mold , or , in another example , the mold for the vehicle license plate frame .
They brought these two separately acquired tools together and in the end formed a contiguous and complete set of tools for making forged copies , ah .
How much would they sell a set of military license plates for .
This , from what we 've seen during our campaign , prices vary .
Uh-huh .
Some stolen authentic plates can sell for up to sixty thousand yuan .
Some criminals who make fake plates sell or rent them as real plates .
The highest has reached thirty thousand yuan for one set .
Wow , that 's really a huge profit , ah .
Yes .
Ah , what a gratifying event !
Wendao will go to court !
What do you mean gratifying , Gosh !
There 's been a lot going on lately , ah .
I frequently go to court .
Before you saw that I forgot to make a customs declaration and had to go to court .
Later on , I neglected to declare and had to go again .
Today I 'll go in a while , yes .
Today , um , it 's to give --
Who did you offend .
I did n't offend anybody .
I was selected as a juror .
To serve on a jury , to serve on a jury .
Oh , you offended the accused .
No , no , no , today it 's like this .
He first makes the selection , then the lawyers for the two sides take a look .
I still do n't know if I will be chosen .
He still does n't know if he will be selected or not .
It 's like this ; the lawyers for the two sides have to look to see how the person is .
Then everybody makes the selection together , the person has to be acceptable to all .
So both people have to think that he will be beneficial to both sides .
Beneficial to one 's own side .
Right , Right , that 's right .
Only then can he become a juror .
So , that is --
normally they will do their best not to select people like us , ah , who work in media .
Ah .
Oh , they 're afraid you are biased or , or will have influence --
They 're afraid you are biased or that you will spread information , or that your opinions are too extreme , and so on and so on .
Oh ,
There are times when it 's not easy to fool them and things like that .
Right , Right , that 's right .
Ay Today , Wendao , so when you mentioned court , I thought of this kind of controversy over the Qiu Xinghua court case .
The controversy , eh , actually caused me to feel deeply that we have to admit that our country , uh , is still a rather backward country .
Economically , we are already very , very strong , but in reality when you talk about whether a country is , er , advanced or not , you do n't just look at the economy .
That is also to say , ah , you would have a lot of hard time for the so - called western legal provisions , uh , to work here , ah .
You are assuming that western legal provisions are advanced .
Um .
And our , eh , law , socialism , ah .
I did n't make that assumption .
My that --
My meaning is that we are all moving in the direction of globalization .
That is not necessarily a question of being advanced or backward .
Your whole --
That is to say , there is no way to implement many of our , uh , provisions .
Whether or not they can be implemented is not necessarily a question of being advanced or backward .
You just said that when you went to see a car show , you first look at enterprises .
Which enterprise .
Your own enterprise .
Look at the participating enterprises .
Well there are a total of over 1,500 enterprises participating in this car show , and this is a historical high , ah .
Basically , uh , this , world famous enterprises , as well as domestic enterprises , uh , were all present .
There is a standard in measuring the level of a car show , that is , there are different levels in international auto exhibitions .
That is AB , uh .
now it is recognized that the auto show in Beijing is classified as an International A-grade auto show .
They also have their own rating , right .
It has a rating .
Oh .
The rating is not based on one 's own assessment , ah , rather it is based on the degree of attention paid by the major enterprises on this car show .
Degree of attention .
Then , during last exhibition , ah , in 2004 , among several international participants , only Ford Company rated the Beijing car show in the grade - A category .
Oh .
This time it is different , basically all participants rated it A .
Professor Gao , Japan seems to still insist on having talks on the hostage abduction issue , does n't it .
Right , currently Japan 's position , eh , is still for the North Korea nuclear issue to be resolved together with the hostage issue .
Uh-huh .
Before , this , Kenichiro Sasae began his trip , um , Shinzo Abe had met with Foreign Minister Taro Aso and Kenichiro Sasae , stressing two points at that time .
One , uh , was requiring North Korea , ah , to have clear and concrete steps on the issue of nuclear abandonment .
The other point was , that is to say , making sure to emphasize that Japan requires the hostage issue to be included in the framework as part of the six party talks .
In particular , they requested , eh , that if this so - called work in small groups can be added to the work hierarchy , eh , they hope that it can facilitate resolution of the hostage issue either bilaterally or multilaterally under the framework of the normalization of Japan North Korea relations .
Um .
Hello audience , now is the time for independent commentary .
In a few days , eh , the 2006 Central Economic Work Conference will be convened in Beijing .
Yes .
At the conference , they certainly will discuss , ah , um , the current economic situation of China .
Yes .
So , we also want to discuss this before the conference begins .
Let 's talk about what kind of economic situation China is facing today .
Uh-huh , recently , ah , China , eh , has announced numerous statistics .
Yes , if observing from the overall statistics , and in fact the CCP itself has also announced , ah , that the CCP 's economy will face a crisis of collapse in 2008 .
Yes , first of all , um , the deputy director of the People 's Bank of China , Su Ning , he has announced some statistics .
What did he say .
He said that the rate of saving , uh , of the Chinese people , ah , had risen 9 % from ten years ago .
And , on the contrary , eh , that is , the eh , eh , statistics of the ratio of national expenditure to GDP has again fallen 10 % .
Oh , one rises 10 , and the other has fallen .
Fallen .
What is even more frightening .
Personal expenditures of citizens have already fallen eh , from 50-something percent , ah , to the current 40 - plus , that is , it has fallen to 42 % .
So , one has fallen from 42 % to 38 % , also a decline of 10 % --
That is , , ah , the people save most of the money they make , and the level of expenditures is getting lower and lower .
So , right now , ah , this reflects a problem , say , these two things are one , eh , very relevantly interconnected matter , a matter , that because with personal expenditures , eh , if there is no spending , the economy can not grow and there is no way to develop the economy .
As a section of the Beijing car industry like this , what movement will there be in terms of independent development and independent brands in the future .
There are going to be big movements .
Can you reveal them .
I can reveal a few .
We are planning to formally establish a main institute for car research in Beijing in the first quarter of next year .
This institute will control , as we now see it , seven local branch institutes .
It will bring together and organize all of the car R & D teams in the Beijing region .
Led by projects , ah , it will bring about ah , this , this kind of model .
We are actively pushing that forward right now .
This team will be formed very soon .
Ah , this is the advantage of the capital , Beijing .
So , recently we 've been mostly concerned with preparing for establishing the institute .
At the same time , we 're also actively preparing for two products , two complete car projects , that will be brought out next year .
This morning , only Chen Guangfu , Chen Guangcheng 's eldest brother , went into the court to attend the reading of the verdict .
Chen Guangcheng did n't feel any great surprise at the court 's verdict , and immediately filed an appeal .
Eh , they did n't arrange for anyone to go at all .
Eh , they had n't arranged for any other people to attend .
Those attending were all people from the police , prosecutor 's office and the court .
And even if other people wanted to go in , they could n't go in , right .
Right , other people could absolutely not get in .
My mother and third brother had rushed over there , and they did n't let him go in , either .
It was the same as the result from the first time .
I think it 's not a judgment based on the law but rather a judgment of power .
It 's not just .
Uh-huh .
Right , the lawyers had said a little earlier that if they maintain the original judgment in Chen Guangcheng 's case , they would immediately appeal to the Linyi Municipal Intermediate People 's Court .
Chen Guangcheng 's wife Yuan Weijing got the news in the hospital .
She said that although she felt upset , she would still get herself stronger and support her husband .
Commissioner Li said , ah , just now that all large trucks over ten tons to a very large degree could be fake military vehicles .
In that there is such a clear symbol , so why ca n't they be blocked and directly inspected at some toll booths , eh , and customs posts .
This problem , from the time of the case we have handled , um , is mainly that they hang fake military license plates .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Ah , local law enforcement agencies , road inspection agencies and toll booths can not readily conduct more supervision .
At the same time , why can not this fleet of fake military vehicles be promptly captured .
Judging from the recent period of investigation , inquiry and understanding , it is probable that they are also disguised as they carry out the operation .
As they came out from the mining area and the , um , railroad stations , they normally hang local plates .
Just before they reach a toll booth or an inspection station , they put on military vehicle plates .
After they pass through the toll booth or the inspection station , they put the local plates back on .
Uh-huh .
So , the stretch over which they used military vehicle numbers , fake military vehicle numbers is relatively short .
So , it would be usually difficult to spot .
What if a watch was , um , set up to conduct checks at toll booths .
It 's because these agencies , uh , only have an administrative authority .
For example , registering and collecting fees when people arrive , ah .
However , they do n't have a , um , law enforcement authority or this punishment power required for a , um , administrative penalty .
Uh-huh .
Um , so when they encounter these fake military vehicles , they too feel very much that their hands are tied .
It is not like a public security agency .
Public security agencies have a certain , um , this , law - enforcement authority .
Well , why is this issue of impoverished students so prominent now .
This issue did not exist at that time , um , um , before , um , 1995 .
Eh .
Back then when a student went to college , he did not have to pay tuition .
Besides not having to pay tuition , at that time , for example , at our Agriculture University , all students had very substantial student grants .
Um , um , er , paying tuition by oneself and finding a job by oneself , um , started in 1995 .
Right .
Right .
At that time we called it two by oneself .
Once it started this way , ah , this problem began to emerge .
Higher education , it is not compulsory education .
Uh-huh .
So fees are charged , you have to pay to go to college .
Uh-huh .
Ah , this is not the same as compulsory education , right .
Well , , sharing the burden of education costs and paying to attend college by students , this is also a necessary option for advancing college education system reforms .
In the end , we should acknowledge that currently expenses are still quite high .
Uh-huh .
This should be compared with each of our household incomes .
To the income of ordinary households , this is quite a heavy burden .
Uh-huh .
To our low income and rural households , this is a burden that is difficult to bear .
Right .
Well , now that people are giving so much attention to this issue of impoverished students , uh , how should we respond to such an issue .
Er , well the country is paying great attention to it , and provinces are also paying great attention , having adopted various measures .
Er , so , now they have already started to establish an financial aid system for students from impoverished households , chiefly focusing on student loans , a system with scholarships , er , student grants , tuition waivers or reductions , and work - study .
You 'll take the university - entrance exam in three years .
That 's the way we do it .
I will prepare to test into Harvard .
Um .
I will .
If Harvard does n't come through , I 'll take the test to get into Yale .
many parents set goals for their children , or maybe they do n't set a goal .
Uh-huh .
however , that is to say , developing based on this kind of pace , it is possible to get into university in three years .
Uh-huh .
He can only try to get into a liberal arts university .
He does n't need to study physics or chemistry .
He needs the three subjects of Chinese , English and math , together with politics , history and geography , and that 's it .
Small children , if their foundation in Chinese is sufficient , see , should n't have any problem with a middle - school level of politics , history and geography .
Uh-huh .
As a result , we are only missing a math course .
So , the foundation in Chinese can produce , the excellent state of the four subjects of Chinese , politics , history and geography .
In addition , his English is pretty good .
In this way , we will make up one year of math , and it is possible , because there is a precedent , Zhang Qinghong .
So what is the ultimate that can be done to apprehend bicycle thieves .
Then you will make the number of thieves caught , eh , into an unexpected number , or one of the highest .
Oh .
This is what I think .
You arrested more than 700 people within three years .
630-something .
Bicycle theft in Beijing is so serious , ha , someone said this has a lot to do with the especially prosperous used bicycle market , eh , in Beijing .
Getting to the bottom of it , ah , when you arrest the people who purchase and sell the stolen bicycles , they would say that if nobody buys them , why would I bother selling .
Is n't that right .
Around areas near some university campuses , eh , there are rows of , eh , these bicycle bazaars , selling used bicycles .
So are n't college students buying too .
Yes .
So are n't we Beijing citizens also buying .
These days , eh , the central authorities are , eh , proposing to improve the quality of all citizens , I think this is the key .
Yes .
So the crux of the problem does not lie with the second - hand market , right .
If we do not buy them , then is n't it true that there is no such problem .
As for China 's , this , exports , ah , in fact , the situation is also extremely bad .
As far as , the first half of this year is concerned , if you compare the ratio with that of last year , that is , the foreign trade ratio of exports to imports , uh , compared year - on - year , overall it declined by 33 % .
It is also said the rate of decline was one third , and it is also 31 % .
This is a very , very serious problem .
Ah , it 's a very large problem figure .
This means --
Right , it is that when compared year - on - year to itself , it declined by more than 5 % .
So this reflects China 's overall economy -- the export - based economy , uh , the foreign trade economy that supports the economic development of China , may also have big problems .
Because China 's economic development mainly relies on both foreign trade and tell domestic investment .
Yes .
Yes .
Domestic demand can not keep up at all .
Right .
But now another problem has emerged .
Because in recent years , eh , to maintain this employment rate , and in order to maintain this , this , er , GDP growth , large amounts of money were invested , large amounts of redundant investments were made .
Right , there was a lot of this .
This , production capacity , ah , has increased tremendously .
Right .
That is , in the past , production capacity would increase for a single category , cement , uh , or steel -- but now it has become universally increased .
That 's because you have already been investing for so many years , uh , thirty years .
Yes .
However , domestic demand from the common people , eh , this , is not enough .
This stuff , which can not be fully consumed , well , has to rely on exportation .
With the export rate declining as you had just mentioned , to whom is your output going .
Let me ask you , are the current costs of our Beijing - manufactured Hyundais lower than the ones manufactured in South Korea .
That 's for sure .
That 's for sure .
Let me ask a question you in return , ah , do you think China can become the world 's car manufacturing center .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Eh , since I am not an expert , ha , I do n't know how you position this concept .
I think there is no problem in becoming a production center .
However , I am doubtful if it will become a center and a powerful country with an independent foundation as its core .
You are not confident .
I think , eh , I will answer the question this way , eh , with ten plus years , China will surely become the car manufacturing center of the world .
Uh .
This concept of a manufacturing center is not just merely a concept about being a powerful manufacturing country .
Well , it is such a concept involving product development , ah , technical support , concept of manufacturing , with technical services , sales , ah , after - sales services , and , ah , network support .
Well , five years having passed , how do you two experts appraise our , um , Chinese companies and foreign companies at present .
What kind of description is applied to them .
Can they still be described as wolves .
Director Zhang , what do you think .
Er , I think it is like this .
First , I think the arrival of the wolves as description and appraisal , is , I think , a very good appraisal .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Because after the wolves have arrived -- it actually describes a so - called arrival of the wolves , which is also the arrival of powerful competitors , right .
So I think this appraisal is still quite good .
Yeah .
But on the other hand , uh , that is to say , um , in the five years , uh , following our accession to the WTO , we have been dancing with wolves .
That is , since the wolves ' arrival , uh , we have been actually adapting ourselves to the nature of the wolves while dancing with them , as well as growing bigger and more powerful ourselves .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Because I find , um , this very , er , interesting , and it also just occurred to me , that , a few days ago we went to some Chinese companies to do some surveys .
Uh-huh .
For example , Haier , when companies like Haier , Lenovo , and Huawei go abroad , in fact others also see it as an arrival of Chinese wolves , who are seen as immature yet equally capable of biting people .
Uh-huh .
So this , uh , personally I do n't think the arrival of , um , the wolves to be that horrible , though it is indeed wolf - like .
And what type of solutions do we have for problems of the type you just talked about .
In the past , once some problems or cases of a pernicious nature arose at a school , specialized disciplinary actions , eh , would invariably be arranged .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Specialized disciplinary actions , eh , do indeed get passable results during the disciplinary period , but some problems easily resurge once the discipline is finished , rebounding again and again .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So , eh , to fundamentally solve these problems , um , uh , um , shock discipline should be replaced with day - to - day management and the creation of a long term mechanism to safeguard the campus and protect the students .
Therefore , that is , eh , the study by the Ministry of Public Security , eh , discussed and put forth several hard - line measures .
That is , these eight measures of ours .
Uh-huh .
In them , eh , in a section relevant to this case , that is , it says there need to be people specifically appointed to investigate and solve the case .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
As for the areas surrounding the school grounds , patrolling and prevention will have to be strengthened .
In particular , during times when students are getting in and out of school , people need to be sent to maintain traffic and public order .
Uh-huh .
Police manpower will be increased , right , uh-huh .
Ay , police manpower will be increased .
Yes .
Then , eh , in the area surrounding the campus , eh , we must also demand an increase in traffic safety facilities , such as some signals and road lines .
Besides these eight measures by the Ministry of Public Security , the Ministry of Education also has six measures .
The direction of schools , ah , the strengthening of safety monitoring inside schools , ah , eh , the strengthening of entrance guards , the monitoring strength of entrance guards , that is , strengthening to some degree the internal restrictions security equipment ,
ah , they all make , um , very categorical demands .
Uh-huh .
What kind of penalties ought to be given for making and selling , er , fake vehicle license plates and for using fake vehicle license plates .
It 's like this , the Supreme People 's Court the year before last approved another interpretation of the law : for all illegal production , buying or selling of the vehicle license plates of high - level official departments at the army headquarters level or higher , the transaction of one plate is enough to constitute criminal activity .
Uh-huh .
Er , buying or selling three or more other license plates constitutes criminal activity , ah .
What level of sentencing might the most serious receive .
Er , for general buying and selling transactions , it 's a prison sentence of , er , less than three years .
Uh-huh .
Er , serious cases could get three to ten years .
And for those who use them .
If it 's , er , an ordinary case of putting on military vehicle license plates , er , er , after the use of the fake military vehicle in operation discovered by the army headquarters level law enforcement department , the vehicle will be detained first .
If your vehicle came from a legitimate source , er , you bought it yourself properly , and putting on the military license plate was just eh , to make your operations easier , that kind of thing , eh , then after some penalties are decided , the vehicle will still be returned to you in the future .
supposing your vehicle is a stolen vehicle or a smuggled vehicle , and there is no legal paperwork , then the vehicle will be , er , confiscated .
Er , generally speaking , uh , this is just to make the drivers of fake military vehicles pay the price .
But --
In fact , it 's precisely because the price of driving a fake military vehicle is too small .
Right , it is too small .
In the current law it 's dealt with a little lightly .
According to transport laws , eh , the maximum is a 2,000 - yuan fine .
This is obviously a rather light punishment .
So we want to further increase , um , the power of , um , law enforcement .
We know that , this , China is now making an effort to develop , this , a strategy like this to enhance its trade relations with the outside world , ah .
So what is its ultimate intention .
Er , in fact the three things you have just listed are all close diplomatic interactions with developing countries , that is to create a kind of bilateral relations that are beneficial to Chinese enterprises and Chinese products to expand the markets of developing countries , and also to , eh , explore business opportunities within developing countries .
Right .
Yes .
We know , eh , that when China opened up , it was mainly aimed at developed countries .
In fact all developing countries initially , eh , opened up to developed countries .
But , eh , once it gets to a certain level , it then gradually has some disputes with developed countries , and also , this , their status begins to get closer .
Right .
So , we can see that in , eh , this process , China continues on the one hand to strengthen this kind of links with developed countries , and at the same time also can not avoid engaging in some negotiations , or even cross swords with some of them .
Right .
Well , for example , we see repeated crossing of swords between China and the EU , as well as between China and the United States , and this Mandelson comes to China all the time .
Yes .
And soon , eh , this , a super luxurious delegation from the U.S. which basically includes such a large number of financial members in the cabinet , led by this , Paulson will be soon visiting China eh , to conduct this strategic economic dialogue between China and the U.S.
And then , China 's finance minister visits other countries as well .
Uh .
But on the other hand , we have seen , eh , that after China has strengthened , it will on the one hand continue to maintain good trade relations with developed countries , but on a more important level , it will need to develop similar good relationships with other parts of the whole world , with the vast number of developing countries .
Uh .
Because it highlights the strength of your country .
So , just now these two , eh , were analyzing these , ah , four Kidd class warships from different angles , some intrinsic problems that exist with them and the effectiveness they are able to achieve in terms of their military capabilities .
So , at this current level , for the Taiwanese military , can they improve the current military strength of the Taiwanese military .
I should say that , eh , these four warships entering the Taiwanese navy will certainly enhance somewhat the Taiwanese military strength on the ocean .
Yeah .
But I should say this improvement is still quite a long way from the goals that Taiwanese authorities and Taiwanese military want to achieve .
So , taking a broader perspective , eh , er , this kind of thing for the Taiwanese navy , it 's slapping a coat of gold paint on , um , um , the surface of a house of straw , eh , to make it look , eh , better , more splendid .
But a house of straw is a house of straw after all : it 's not going to stand up when the big bad wolf comes .
I think the political significance is greater than the military significance .
after buying these four warships , eh , they psychologically feel that they 've become a little closer with the US .
Psychologically they feel that once they 've got these four , then it 's as Chief Editor Chen said just now : I slap on a coat of gold paint , then at least when the wolf comes , this first layer should be able to a limited extent , to act as a little protection .
They even fantasize to themselves that , eh , this gold paint might actually be armor , it 's this kind of political implication .
But , uh , I have a , eh , grievance toward the Internet , or let 's say that , I , the wit 's end of a lot of the people working in the media industry recently .
Uh .
for example , um , I feel that if , for example , you were in the US and you got hold of a videotape of a porn movie , for the reason you just mentioned , um , the general public would not give it much attention .
Unless you got into something that was too depraved .
with something like that thing with Simpson , when the entire population objected .
Right .
But here where we are , ah , what you have seen is the attention .
You see , um , that hot - topic personalities are thrown up one after the other , and everybody pays attention .
I do n't know why .
Maybe I 'm speaking rubbish , ah , but I wonder if there is a kind of slave - nature , ah , in our , this , bones , or something else .
No .
No , they are being led along .
Why do I feel this is wrong .
That is to say , um , for example , in the past , our subjects of conversation , um , we discussed politics ; we discussed economy ; we discussed culture ; we discussed art ; or we talked about other things , ah .
But now what I often talk with him about , for the last two years , we have been completely led around by the nose by topics manufactured on the Internet .
You say that the Chinese people were led around by the emperor for the last few thousand years .
It might be um , that it will be the political parties that lead them around by the nose .
And what about now .
It is people leading them around by their noses .
The people themselves are leading the people around --
In the name of the people .
Whoever it is , it is always in the name of the people .
You ca n't say that the web represents the people .
Why has such a situation , ah , as you describe emerged in China .
That is , why is the entire public space so monotone .
Currently , I feel that it is mainly that there still is n't a sufficient rule of law in our society -- the level of rule of law is still insufficient .
If this current plan is followed , especially until around the year 2050 , and this use of this , er , technique can be globally commercialized . What does it mean for mankind .
I think maybe we have to discuss this from the perspective of the situation , the plight , we currently face .
From what I understand , even based on current levels , our current energy resources will only manage to satisfy the demand of all mankind for one hundred years .
Um , particularly with respect to our country , China , China 's energy resources are relatively inadequate .
This , for example , our per capita energy resource occupation might only be equal , er , to one half the global average , while in oil it is only equivalent to one tenth .
Um , we have once considered what China will be like in 2050 .
We did some calculations and the average energy consumption of we Chinese is currently one ton coal equivalent .
If by 2050 we have merely increased threefold to three tons coal equivalent , then at that time China 's total energy resources will have to increase to three times the present levels .
That commitment -- whatever should be committed has all been committed .
Now they should enter the phase of actions .
I remember that at the first phase of the fifth round of six party talks , we had already talked about that if the six party talks were to be resumed , they should start discussing , that is , a concrete plan , that is , how to carry out the implementation by phases .
However , even till now we do n't seem to have seen such a plan .
Uh-huh .
The South Korean side has always had this difficulty , that is , the so - called action to action deal .
It said , you take an action , and I will take an action .
Then strictly based on the time limit , starting from today , let 's say : Get ready , Go !
Uh-huh .
Or that is to say , if you want to do it like this , this , this process of nuclear abandonment will be too long , and there is no way we can wait .
Right .
So South Korea proposed this so - called package deal , putting many things into one phase .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Well , this entire phase is considered one thing .
Uh-huh .
So , from a comprehensive view , this phase may have four things together .
Uh-huh .
Ah , then after these are about all finished , this phase will be over .
Uh-huh .
So , this is a response approach , rather than some sort of action to action deal for each and every specific matter .
Er , have you been to an auto show .
Yes .
How many times did you go , ah .
Twice .
Um , we also go to auto shows .
Er , how do we look around , eh .
We go wherever there are beautiful auto showgirls .
Then we go wherever that has the most attention - getting cars .
What do you see when you go to an auto show , eh .
Four things to check for .
Uh-huh .
First , check companies .
Second , check new products .
Uh-huh .
Third , check technology trends .
Fourth , check forums .
Ah , we do n't check forums , we mainly check auto showgirls .
Ah .
These are the four things to see .
Speaking about checking auto showgirls , ah , I participated in the Paris Auto Show at the end of September .
Uh-huh .
Well , a few days before the Paris Auto Show , I went to the Hannover Auto Show for a look .
These are both top international auto shows , ah .
Top international auto shows .
One of my greatest impressions of such major shows as the Paris Auto Show -- later I read a People 's Daily editorial , ah , written by a reporter -- there were no auto showgirls .
No auto showgirls even if you went for a look .
No auto showgirls .
You just talked about this , well , we are talking about this reason , ah .
This reason is that ordinary people dare not spend money even if they have it , right .
Yes .
Well , there is an important reason here why they dare not spend money here when they have it , ah .
China 's GDP has been climbing at such an annual rate of 8 percent , 9 percent , 10 percent , and this has been for twenty years already .
Yes .
Yes .
But China 's , this , wages , ah , within the total GDP amount , have been declining .
Yes .
The statistics , ah , it states that in 1989 , ah , the total amount of China 's wages accounted for 16 percent of GDP .
Yes .
Nearly twenty years later , it has declined to 12 percent .
Yes .
That 12 percent of yours , ah , was actually the data in 2004 .
Uh .
2004 .
Right .
Currently , the new data states that , this , the total amount of wages accounts for a bit over 8 percent of GDP .
Ah .
Well , that means you , this , are , um , relatively poor .
Yes .
Because as your , this , country 's economic power rises , you ordinary people 's gains have relatively decreased .
Well , I ask you , where did the money go .
Yes .
Where did you spend the money .
Well , , ah , if things go on like this , ah , the current situation uh plus inflation , ordinary people , ah , think , eh , that I must save my money to maintain my current livelihood , along with unforeseeable things in the future .
Yes .
Yes .
This is why he saves more and more money , and increasingly dares not spend it .
Because no matter how many more products you produce , it seems to have nothing to do with me .
Yes .
ah , what we have just seen is an issue of domestic demand .
China has not yet resolved the issue of domestic demand ; the economy is not going to sustain developing .
Right .
In fact there are also many problems with external demand .
From 1995 , er , to the present , er , China has been the country with the largest number of anti-dumping charges worldwide , ah , for this eleven consecutive years .
Next , uh , let 's direct our attention to the change from the Self Defense Forces to the Self - Defense Military .
Well , if the Self Defense Forces become the Self Defense Military , what changes will it bring to Japan 's military itself .
First , the constitution does not allow it as , eh , a formal national defense military or armed forces .
So it is called the SDF .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
So the Defense Agency should be , um , first , eh , upgraded to a ministry .
Upon completion of this upgrading , it may amend the SDF Law next .
But you still have to follow the SDF Law at least for now , ah .
So in the process of this upgrade to a ministry , it has started adjusting the duties of the SDF .
We know this time this Defense Ministry bill has already incorporated the original supplementary , um , duties , uh , of the SDF into its , um , primary duties .
Uh-huh .
The so - called supplementary duties , we know , include the participation in UN peacekeeping operations , this , international rescue missions , uh , and logistic support for the US military in accordance with its so - called Law Concerning Situation in Areas Surrounding Japan .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
These , uh , were all previously classified as additional , supplementary duties .
Now with the upgrading of the Defense Agency to a ministry , they will all be incorporated into the primary operations of the SDF .
To put it in more common terms , it means that the SDF mainly took care of affairs at home in the past , and in the future the SDF will be mainly engaged in external affairs .
Yeah , in this way , what it does will be perfectly justifiable .
But now , as for the various companies , they are competing against each other , ah , and it is really intense .
It 's extremely intense .
Ah , they are competing and being good partners in cooperation as well , ah .
Because they all , uh , want to work for China 's automobile industry to make it large and strong , they are all full of suppressed energy , ah .
Furthermore , if they want Chinese automobiles to be able to hold their own in the global automobile manufacturing industry , they will have to take the path , ah , of consolidation and restructuring .
They have to form in the Chinese automobile industry two or three , uh , with large scale and with extremely competitive strength , uh , and possessing their own major brands , uh , a few groups like this , or what can be called a group army .
You disclose such a piece of information .
So in the future , as you say , these giant groups like the top group or the second group , they could also swallow up the smaller fish in the pond and merge to form a few groups .
Definitely .
Definitely .
Uh-huh .
Oh .
This , three group armies , one , two , three , the top ten names definitely have to carry this out .
Uh , I estimate that it will take place in the latter part of the eleventh five year plan .
In the twelfth five year plan they will form an initial structure , forming such two to three large group armies .
Mr. Zhu , how do you view China 's efforts to open up or establish such a free trade zone network in the past two years .
Er , it should be said , eh , that establishing this kind of free trade network in different countries of the whole world centered on oneself has been a trend in the past five years or so .
Uh-huh .
We know , eh , that originally , eh , this entire world trade system was called a multilateral trade framework based on the WTO .
The precursor to the WTO was GATT .
Uh-huh .
Er , it has been , um , running quite smoothly for a very long time .
But we have seen that recently it has been having a very hard time , ah , especially with the Doha Round talks .
Right .
So , eh , this , the EU , in contrast , it has been making nonstop progress .
That is , from the European Community to the Common Market , and then to the EU .
Uh-huh .
At present , the EU , um , has evolved from 15 states to 25 states as well as many partnership members .
For example , it had these kinds of special trade arrangements with its former colonies , er , in North Africa , eh , and special arrangements with Turkey , among others .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
As a result , we have seen that the US , um , has changed too .
The US changed in that it established the North American Free Trade Zone , and then , er , established the American Free Trade Zone .
In addition the US is having talks across the ocean with Singapore and other countries on , this , free trade agreements .
Well , here , um , that is , er , Southeast Asia , ASEAN has ten states and is itself a free trade zone .
Er , it is forming what is called Ten plus One with itself as the center .
Uh-huh .
A Ten plus One with China .
With India , another such emergent , um , market .
Then , it has five Ten plus One's with such developed countries as the US and Japan , and with South Korea .
Its negotiations are underway , but the one finally negotiated successfully was the Ten plus One with China .
Uh-huh .
Well , we have seen it as a kind of trend .
This trend is in fact that , eh , while pushing for the multilateral trade agreement based on the WTO , everyone is additionally , eh , forming a -- we may not count on that thing , we do our own things first ,
Right .
So , like the APEC meeting in Vietnam this time , in fact the US proposed that since that Doha Round talks may be delayed indefinitely , our China can now traverse across the , this , Pacific Ocean via APEC to form a free trade zone first .
Uh-huh .
In particular , we discovered some law breakers were purposely driving military vehicles , using military vehicles as a cover , ah , for committing serious criminal offenses .
For example , some were driving the vehicles to commit robberies , and driving the vehicles to commit blackmail and extortion .
Uh-huh .
And it once happened that , er , a law breaker displayed a stolen military license plate on his vehicle , er , and brazenly kidnapped a young woman , er , and raped her .
Ah , this created an extremely bad impression on the society .
Uh , if , er , the public were to judge this only from the license plate , they would think this was the military .
Yeah .
Right .
Right , that soldiers did it .
So it seriously damaged the image and reputation of the military .
Not long ago , on an expressway , er , our traffic police discovered a fake military vehicle in the course of their duties .
As he was investigated , eh , the law breakers in this fake military vehicle boldly kidnapped the traffic police officer into the vehicle , drove from Hunan all the way to Henan , then , er , pushed the traffic police officer out of the vehicle , then fled again in the vehicle .
Uh .
So , it 's extremely nasty in nature .
Er , just said that science subjects are taught by Mom , so you have to take care of math , physics , and chemistry .
Right .
How did you do in math , physics , and chemistry when you were in school .
I did okay in science when I was in school , but not good in the humanities .
Oh , well , when you were in school , you were good in the humanities but not good at science .
Because we also did not have the opportunity to go --
I joined the army after I studied for two and a half years in middle school , er , we had not covered math , physics , and chemistry yet at that time .
Uh .
Later I did some self study , but without going through any systematic study , and then I entered the military academy .
So I 'm somewhat better in the humanities .
And also during my many years of working in the lab , I have been working in the field of management and ideological education , so I have a better foundation in the humanities .
You are responsible for Chinese , history , geography , and political science .
Uh-huh .
Right .
Who is responsible for English .
She is responsible for English herself .
How can she learn English by herself , ah .
She basically has to rely on herself to study English .
Qianqian how did you study English by yourself .
Er , at the beginning , er , I went to , that is , those English tutoring classes for several years , that is , studying some basic , er , reading and writing rules and phonetic symbols .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
Then later , after I came back home , I studied by myself .
I first looked at the new words at the end of the text .
After I read the new words , that is , I translated the entire text while checking the new words .
After the translation , that is , I read it aloud twice , that is , after I could read it aloud quite smoothly , I started to listen to the English text using a repeater machine .
Uh-huh .
In terms of the addiction of young people to the Internet , it has not been a matter of just one or two days that we talked about it .
For example , many people know about the case of a child in Tianjin known as Zhang Xiaoyi ; he was finally extremely addicted to the Internet , which in turn tormented him such that he chose to resist it by ending his own life .
Because in our China , there is a very high rate of Internet addiction , as high as 13 percent .
Yes .
Among young people these days , there are 13 percent of them suffering from this kind of Internet addiction .
Yes , high .
nearly 10 million children with Internet addiction quit school and stay at home .
Oh .
Why exactly are children attracted .
Well , you will find that behind each Internet addicted child , there is a very distorted family story .
That is to say , in order to sever this Internet addiction , is n't the best way to help them find an effective way to communicate with the real world .
You are absolutely right .
In fact regarding the management of Internet cafes , we have clear administrative regulations , such as prohibiting minors below the age of 18 from entering .
But there are still some people who turn a blind eye to it , so some places should have this kind of business ethics .
Yes .
Also --
I think , for some businesses , they should not just think of making money .
That 's right .
The state should enhance its management of businesses such as Internet cafes , and the most important thing is to help these children to get rid of Internet addiction , and this should start from the adults around these children .
The problem of getting rid of Internet addiction is not something raised for the kids , but for the entire society .
In addition , we also heard some , er , rumors , ah , that is to say , er , that now Chery is also talking with other brand makers on joint venture or collaboration .
It may manufacture for others , bear others ' brands .
Is that true .
Er , because General Manager Yin , eh , is personally taking charge of the area of joint ventures and collaboration .
The final , this , model has not been completely decided .
I think I can tell everyone one thing , that is , it is absolutely different from the joint venture in the past .
It should be a type of subversive joint venture .
Uh-huh .
In the past joint venture auto plants use China 's market , this , China 's plants , and then with overseas products , brands , and technologies .
Well , this time it may be exactly the opposite .
It will use the other party 's market and produce the Chery brand .
It wo n't bear others ' brands .
Market .
Producing the Chery brand and products .
Er , the details of this have not yet been completely formed .
Uh-huh .
It can not be revealed now .
I am not really clear about it either , because I was not involved in this project .
I 'm very sorry .
In fact , asking this kind of question , er , -- how the company will operate specifically -- ha , is the business of the company .
The kind of concern that everyone has expressed is how strong is our independent brand power .
I should say it will stand unswerved .
Uh-huh .
As our own brands have come to today 's stage , if we can establish such a new joint venture , I should think it will be a time for us Chinese to feel proud .
Um , well , initially how did you get the feeling that it would be really hard to get a deposition .
Er , when we were looking for the victim , she did not want to meet with us .
She hid after you made the inquiry .
Even if after you found her , she also -- once asked questions -- this thing did n't happen to me .
Mainly out of fear , fear of retaliation , right .
Yes .
Uh-huh .
--
He was , for one thing , afraid of retaliation , and moreover , he was not sure whether this time you the police agency could execute a thorough crackdown .
Right .
He could n't perceive your resolution and your capabilities .
Uh-huh , how could you make a breakthrough .
We did two things to make a breakthrough in getting the deposition .
First , we publicized to the masses our determination this time to fight against evil .
Another thing was to publicize through scrolling media headlines .
Well , their municipal bureau did several runs of this kind of propaganda report on , um , TV , for example , saying that fighting evil has no timetable ,
So , the public was very afraid that you would fight for a while and then you would stop .
Uh-huh .
Was n't the investigation done in secret .
How could there be propaganda advertisements .
Well , on December 11 , that is , four criminal suspects who participated in special case 1009 also turned themselves in , in Huainan City , another of our cities .
So , by interrogating them , the details of the case became clear as well .
Well , subsequently we thought that based on the information we previously obtained ; it was time to go public .
Uh-huh .
In this way , through this auto show , can you also just offer us a vision , for example , which other areas should be given attention and which areas should be strengthened , for future development of our , um , own brands and own technologies .
If China 's domestic companies , including our own brands , want to be , ah , able to establish themselves in the market with a competitive edge , and even to go global , what should we pay attention to .
I think that , first , as far as our own brand products are concerned , the first thing is to be able to beat Japan and South Korea , ah .
Our Chinese special features , ah , must be reflected in cost advantages .
That is , we must have cost advantages over Japanese and South Korean products of 20 percent , ah , or in other words , the overall cost must be 20 percent lower than theirs .
Can we do that .
We should be able to do that .
Objectively , as seen from our advantages , we should be able to do that .
Okay , let 's begin again with South Korea .
South Korea , eh , has been very energetic all along , so what does it hope to accomplish this time .
South Korea has taken a relatively grim view of the current situation .
Uh , today I saw the , um , speech by the head of the South Korean delegation at today 's plenary meeting , ah .
Well , there were a few points .
Uh-huh .
The first was that these talks must focus on the nuclear issue , that is , any issues like financial sanctions , ah , or kidnapping , ah , if they get mixed up together in the end , it might , eh , result in the talks leading to no positive result .
What is its goal .
It is that at the very least a concrete and detailed result must be reached .
Uh-huh .
So to that effect , eh , it has put forward a set of proposals .
And , in it , it has them broken down into interlinked , um , proposals for solving the issues .
At the same time , it supports the tentative idea proposed by China , that is , to set up within the Six Party Talks several special groups to discuss different issues .
This would enable the progress of the talks , ah , to continue on unbroken .
And not like now , when once it stops a year goes by .
Well , I want to ask , this , Professor Yang , what do you think , um , they could do to guarantee that the Kidd - class battleship is not sunk during the process of an exercise .
Eh , this so - called not , not being sunk during exercises , eh , according to military strategic logic , that is to say , in , that , combat models , and in Han Kuang 18 , it was sunk in less than twenty minutes .
This caused , eh , a lot of tension in the Taiwanese government , and in partiular its defense department had put forward that it could n't be sunk .
It 's because , eh , they were n't considering it from a military standpoint , but rather from the standpoint of political confidence .
So what do they do .
If the opponent makes an attack , well then , eh , I make your missiles subsonic .
That is one thing .
Second , eh , if you want to attack me , based on the exercises in Han Kuang 19 and 20 , you first have to inform me when you are going to attack .
That is like saying , that you 're not carrying out actual battle exercises , but rather engaging in a child 's game of make pretend .
You 're going to come , you come and knock on the door , You 're going to attack me .
Okay , I get ready .
So they have fiddled with two major parameters .
After that , they achieved a result where in the Han Kuang 21 exercises they were able to have a Kidd - class battleship fleet intercept a so - called mainland landing force , intercept a PLA force of forty thousand .
Uh-huh .
Almost one quarter of the military strength of the intercepting force was beaten .
They were indeed able to make such a big adjustment .
So there 's this big taboo in the model , a big taboo for the military strategists .
That is , if you adjust a two small parameters , the entire final outcome might be different from what everybody expects .
Militarily , particularly in this kind of military confrontation exercise , it 's an absolute joke .
do n't /.
Tim Russert will be back next week at a special earlier time eight am Eastern right before the Wimbledon finals /.
The evidence is the evidence /.
The tapes are the tapes /.
I think Pam would just be convicted again /.
For William Smart to this day the murder of his son still does n't make sense /.
In his office hangs Greg 's wedding picture minus Pam /.
This could have been prevented by a certain little divorce decree /.
If she wanted a divorce and she wanted out of the marriage all she had to do was go to an attorney and get a divorce /.
It was n't a matter of murdering your spouse /.
This woman is very wrong /.
And I hope to God she stays in there And lives a long long time /.
I have peace in my heart knowing that I was n't involved in this except for you know the relationship that I had with Bill Flin which I 've already I believe you know put myself through enough behind /.
But I just do n't feel that when I look in the mirror in the morning that I hate who I see /.
Because now I 'm this evil person who you know did all this /.
no I do n't /.
I have peace in my heart /.
But you know I felt a lot of anguish in my life being incarcerated /.
It has n't been easy /.
For now it appears that Pamela Smart will spend the rest of her life behind bars /.
Just recently she reflected on that with MSNBC 's Rita Cosbey /.
Sometimes I think about that /.
and I think like what if I really never got out of here /?
I mean uh how am I going to do this /?
some days I think that I can /.
And other days I think that I ca n't /.
As for the four young men Billy Flin and Patric Randell will not be eligible for parole until two thousand eighteen /.
In June two thousand five Raymond Fowler was granted parole and released from prison /.
Two months later after serving fifteen of his eighteen year sentence Vance Ladamie was also paroled /.
That 's our report /.
Thanks for watching /.
I 'm John /.
Tuning in today Andrea Mitchell /.
Our issues this Sunday battles on capital hill /.
Iraq immigration flag burn the supreme court ruling against the President 's claim of war time power /.
All setting the stage for November 's midterm election /.
With us the Assistant Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell republican of Kentucky And the chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Chuck Schummer of New York /.
McConnell and Schumer square off /.
Then the President leads an attack on the media /.
There can be no excuse for anyone entrusted with vital intelligence to leak it And no excuse for any newspaper to print it /.
Leaks freedom of the press and national security /.
Insights and analysis from Bill Bennett radio host and author of America The Last Best Hope John Harwood of The Wall Street Journal and CNBC Dana Priest of The Washington Post And William Safire of The New York Times /.
And in our Meet the Press Minute thirty five years ago this week the Supreme Court issued an injunction allowing The New York Times to continue publication of the classified Pentagon Papers /.
The man who leaked the Papers to The New York Times Daniel Ellsberg was a guest on Meet The Press May twentieth nineteen seventy three /.
I 've not met a lawyer in this country who could say clearly that the acts that I admitted doing copying the Pentagon Papers of which I had authorized possession and giving those copies to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee ultimately to the press violated any law /.
But first Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer welcome both /.
In a major rebuke this week to the White house the Supreme Court ruled that the White House has to abide by the Geneva convention and the uniform code of military justice when handling detainees uh And ruled that the military tribunals can not be the /.
Senator McConnell in addition to this the New York Times editors wrote in reaction to the Supreme Court 's decision striking down the military tribunal set up to private detainees being held in Guantanamo bay it is far more than a narrow ruling on the issue of military courts . It is an important and welcome reaffirmation That even in times of war the law is what the constitution the statuette books and the Geneva convention say it is . Not what the President wants it to be /.
Senator in a broader sense is n't this a real rebuke out of repudiation of the broad authority That the president 's been claiming since nine eleven /?
Well first and most importantly the decision did not require the President to release the prisoners at Guantanamo /.
Nor did it require the president to close Guantanamo /.
Correct /.
It said that uh in order to try these individuals an appropriate thing to do would be for the President to get the Congress uh to create military commission /.
Or there were two other options Both of which I think were clearly unacceptable /.
So what I think Congress will be doing is creating military commission /.
And second a very disturbing aspect of the decision was that the court held uh common article three of the Geneva convention applicable to um American service men /.
And this means that American service men potentially can be accused of war crimes /.
I think Congress is going to want to deal with that as well when it enacts these military commissions /.
And I think we need to do it soon /.
uh and so we 'll be dealing with that in the coming weeks /.
you have time /?
you 're going off now /?
Are you off now /?
There 's nothing more important than the war on terror /.
And I think uh we will have to act on this very soon either in July or in September Certainly uh in the next couple of months /.
Senator Schumer will this be a bipartisan effort /?
And can you agree on the fix /?
I think it will /.
uh Look let 's face it Andrea /.
The world is a different place /.
And in this war on terrorism you do n't have set battlefields /.
You do n't have the enemy wearing uniforms /.
So to change things that is a good idea /.
The problem is this White House has felt it could just change things unilateral Against the Constitution against the systems of checks and balances /.
Had they come to Congress a few years ago on this issue my guess is they would have gotten most of what they wanted /.
But what 's happened here , because there is such a view that the President 's power is infinite and unchecked by anybody first time ever a President has had those kinds of views they keep running into brick walls In this case a Supreme Court that has generally been sympathetic to executive power /.
And so we 're going to have to not only look at this issue /.
We 're going to have to go back to the other issues as well Because this ruling undercuts some of the other things the President has done /.
But on giving the President what he needs and giving our country what we need to fight the war on terror there 's going to be agreement /.
Well let 's break it down here Because this ruling does indicate to some human rights groups that this applies to the prisoners in secret CIA prisons to the prisoners in Afghanistan Beyond Guantanamo /.
Are we going to see a flood of habeas corpus petitions now Senator McConnell /?
Well I think clearly we 've got to act /.
And I 'm pleased to hear that Chuck thinks that we may be able to do this on a bipartisan basis /.
I think it is important to note that this president has n't done anything with regard to enemy combatants that had n't been done by previous presidents /.
The Court now has stepped eh eh into the field And said we must create these commissions /.
Well we 're happy to do that /.
And I 'm hopeful it 'll be done on a bipartisan basis /.
But I do n't think we 're going to pass something that 's going to have our military servicemen uh subject uh to some kind of international rules /.
Of course not /.
But we are signatories to the Geneva Conventions /.
Why should n't our servicemen be /-
but the enemy is not a signatory to the Geneva Conventions /.
So why should these uh terrorists uh be subjected uh to something they 're not signatories to /?
The good news Andrea is that the Court particularly Breyer 's decision said Congress could change the rules /.
And we have to change the rules /.
I do n't think there 's disagreement on that /.
And we will /.
Security and liberty have a tenuous and careful balance in this republic /.
It changes from time to time And should /.
But the problem here again /-
you 're right /.
There 're going to be hundreds of court petitions /.
This is going to create huge discombobulation /.
We 're going to be far worse off than if the administration had come to Congress originally and gotten this done /.
But and I do n't agree with Mitch here This view that the President has the sole right based on the use of military force doctrine when none of this was even discussed or mentioned is the wrong view /.
and the Supreme Court said it /.
Andrea could I just /-
Senator McConnell should Guantanamo now just be closed /?
No I d- I I /-
Because it 's just been such a black eye diplomatically /.
what are we going to do with these people /?
I mean we want them to free them so they can come kill us again /?
Look I think the Congress is very very likely to give the President exactly what he thinks he needs to continue to fight the war on terror /.
And it 's important for all of us to remember that we have n't been attacked again here at home again since nine eleven /.
That 's not an accident /.
It 's not an accident /.
The policies that we 've pursued are protecting us here at home /.
But is this Court ruling a strong signal to the White House that it should now agree with Senator McCain Senator Lindsey Graham and others in your party who believe that it should go along with the Geneva Convention in terms of rules of the road for our soldiers /?
I think Congress is going to be very reluctant to subject American military people to potential war crimes uh violations /.
So John McCain is wrong on this /?
Well we 'll see /.
we 're looking for the administration 's advice about what they need to fight the war on terror /.
My guess is that the Congress is very likely to give the President what he thinks he needs the tools he thinks he needs to protect us here at home /.
I do n't think it 's quite that simple /.
I think that there will be a careful looking again at what certain due process elements are that the Constitution and the Supreme Court has required in the past /.
But giving the President the tool he needs yes /.
But there 's one other thing that ought to be done Andrea given the sweeping nature of this decision not so much on the specifics of what can be done But on how it ought to be done /.
I 've sent a letter today to Attorney General Gonzales asking that they do a review now in light of this decision of all their other abrogations of power So we avoid this mess again two years later on these other issues Whether it 's wire taps or anything else Where the administration just said unilaterally we can do whatever we want /.
That is not how the United States works /.
Well let me turn to another controversy which is the battle over national security leaks /.
The House voted this week on a resolution condemning the publication by The New York Times and several other newspapers particularly though The New York Times /.
Now the resolution said The House of Representatives expects the cooperation of all news media organizations in protecting the lives of Americans And the capability of the government to identify disrupt and capture terrorists by not disclosing classified intelligence programs such as the Terrorist Finance Tracking Program /.
Representative Peter King a Republican of New York said If there is another terror attack the blood will be on their hands Meaning on the editors and reporters of The New York Times and elsewhere /.
The President expressed anger over this /.
Let 's give a listen to that /.
The disclosure of this program is disgraceful /.
We 're at war with a bunch of people who want to hurt the United States of America /.
And for people to leak that program and for a newspaper to publish it does great harm to the United States of America /.
Senator Schumer on January first you said about an earlier leak regarding the NSA surveillance that quote Whenever classified information is leaked there ought to be an investigation because it could endanger our security /.
Right /.
So I would presume you now would agree with the President that this leak should also be investigated /.
Well it certainly should be investigated /.
But the President and others have gone way overboard /.
How so /?
um How so /?
Look we believe in a free press in this country /.
The press is often antagonistic or uh probing of people in power /.
We all do n't like that /.
But it 's part of America /.
And as a founding father said when they first wrote the Constitution true to this day that 's a good thing for America /.
There are exceptions /.
One is if it harms national security /.
Now all of these statements by the President and others are jumping the gun /.
We do n't know if it 's harmed national security /.
In fact I 've been on the Banking Committee for six years /.
It is broad public knowledge stated by administration officials /-
Have you been briefed on this /?
I have not been briefed privately on this program /.
but we 've had people come before the Banking Committee uh publicly from Treasury and other departments /.
the White House has made statements , others have made statements , that we monitor and track terrorist financing /.
It 's been successful /.
Well /.
So that you uh look at the reports , the terrorists do n't use the banks as much /.
So to jump out front and just blast a newspaper that they may not like that to me is totally wrong /.
it 's the guilty verdict first /.
And the trial /.
uh Pat Roberts has called for an investigation /.
Fine let it be a fair /-
The head of the Senate Intelligence Committee /.
Yeah /.
Let it be a fair and down the middle investigation /.
My guess It will find that national security was not compromised a jot /.
Well let me pick up on /-
because Treasury Secretary Snow took a group of reporters on a trip to Afghanistan and other parts of the world to show off how they were tracking terror financing /.
So Senator McConnell do they want to have it both ways /?
Do they want to brag about their success record in tracking this financing and at the same time yell and scream about the reporters when they print the source /?
Well look I think the leaks are abominable /.
And printing of the leaks is certainly trouble /.
You can talk in general about what we 're doing without revealing the specifics /.
And I think we all regret uh that the times and other publications chose to do that /.
And uh I think the President essentially had it correctly /.
Well let me show you a joint statement that was on the oped pages of both The New York Times and The Los Angeles Times yesterday /.
The editors of those newspapers wrote the banking articles did not dwell on the operational or technical aspects of the program but on its sweep The questions about its legal basis and the issues of oversight /.
We understand that honorable people may disagree with any of these choices to publish or not to publish /.
But making those decisions is the responsibility that falls to editors A corollary to the great gift of our independence /.
It is not a responsibility we take lightly /.
And it is not one we can surrender to the government /.
After that in fact The Wall Street Journal attacked The New York Times on its editorial pages Friday /.
So this was clearly a response to that /.
uh Even though the Journal had itself published uh the same story about terror financing in its news columns which is separate from its editorial pages /.
Senator McConnell has the administration and its conservative supporters now embarked on a calculated campaign to demonize The New York Times and other newspapers but particularly The New York Times as a political calculus because it 'll help in the midterm elections /?
Look eh eh newspapers are very very important in our country /.
The media is important /.
And we have a free press /.
But the press is not responsible for our national security /.
That 's the responsibility of the President and the Department of Defense and the other agencies that look after us /.
And I think it 's important for the leaders of the principle outlets in the press in this country to be responsible /.
And I do n't think uh this publishing of this kind of information is helpful /.
And nor do I think it is necessary uh in um doing their job /.
Andrea let me say a couple of things /.
First you asked about a double standard /.
There clearly is a double standard /.
It 's with the administration /.
They leak things they want to leak /.
And when the Plame leak came out there was no outrage /.
there was no high dudgeon /.
In fact regardless of the criminal standard which uh special prosecutor Fitzgerald is handling it 's clear that there were leaks /.
There 's been no punishment no outcry etcetera /.
I mean you ca n't have it both ways And use leaks when you want to And do n't use leaks when you do n't /.
But there 's a second point here /.
When it comes to difficult situations and clearly Iraq now is one And uh this administration has a penchant for diversion and scapegoating /.
And here 's the good news the good news for America and I think the good news in many ways /.
They 're going to have to solve the problem in Iraq /.
They 're going to have to solve the problem in the war on terrorism where Afghanistan is deteriorating right now /.
And I think the American people are tired and see through these diversions /.
They want real solutions /.
They want real progress /.
Let 's talk about real solutions Senator Because Democrats are sharply divided over Iraq /.
Two weeks ago only thirteen Senate Democrats supported the Kerry - Feingold amendment by Senators Kerry and Feingold calling for an immediate withdrawal /.
You were not one of them /.
But as the party 's Campaign Chairman for the Senate campaign does n't that amendment make Democrats look weak /?
Not at all /.
You know what our job is /?
Look the President is Commander in Chief /.
By the Constitution and everything else is in charge of Iraq /.
He got us in there /.
he 's got to figure a way out /.
our job is oversight /.
Our job is holding people accountable /.
so wait a second /.
you 're going to the election to the voters in November /.
Right /.
Do n't you also have the job as Campaign Chairman for Democrats of presenting an alternative /?
Let me say this /.
I think what the American people want is for the Congress to hold the President 's feet to the fire /.
Now we did present an alternative The one that a vast majority of Democrats voted for including some who voted for the other one which said it was drafted by Senator Levin and Senator Jack Reed of Rhode Island /.
And it basically said we 're going to tell the Iraqis in a period of time not public you do n't want to set a specific deadline that 's what the resolution did n't like that we are not go this commitment is not open - ended and they better get their act together or they 're not going to keep us there /.
But make no mistake about it Andrea /.
A minority party in the Congress has a job /.
The job is one of oversighting accountability /.
We are not the Commander in Chief /.
We are not in charge of all of those things /.
No /.
So to set guidelines , to set a general direction the way we did in the Reed - Levin amendment is correct /.
I think what the American people are most upset about is the Republican Congress is not holding the President 's feet to the fire at all /.
But with all due respect when we talk about the politics of this Senator Chris Dodd who has said he 's considering running for president said that in fact the Kerry - Feingold amendment hurts rather than helps the Democratic Party /.
Oh I do n't buy that /.
And this is what Senator Feingold said to Tim last week about those like yourself who voted against it /.
I can tell you the one thing I 'm sure of Tim is the American people have had it with this intervention /.
They do want a timetable for bringing home the troops /.
And the fact the United States Senate does n't get it should n't surprise you /.
So the majority of the Democratic Senate is out of touch with the American people /.
Yes it is at this point /.
Those who vote against bringing the troops home do n't get it /.
They 're not out there enough /.
They 're not listening to the people /.
How do you go to the people in November when Democrats do n't have an agreed upon policy in Iraq /?
Very s- /-
But we do /.
the vast majority of Democrats supported the Levin - Reed resolution which called for a year of transition And said tell the Iraqis it 's not open - ended /.
But I would say this /.
The ball if you 're talking about the election in two thousand and six is in the President 's court /.
All of the debates in the Congress this resolution that resolution are going to pale in significance before how things are going in Iraq /.
And the American people every poll shows and it 's common sense hold the President responsible /.
Senator McConnell let me ask you about something that you said during the first month of the war back in April of two thousand three /.
American success in Iraq showed that armchair generals and New York Times reporters were wrong in their assessments of how difficult the war would be /.
rebuilding Iraq will be much easier than rebuilding Afghanistan he said Because Iraq has a well educated population and the oil to finance reconstruction /.
Iraq has the potential to be a jewel in the Middle East /.
Was that a miscalculation on your part reflecting what the administration 's miscalculation was /?
Well certainly uh the taking of Iraq went as expected /.
The aftermath has been much more difficult /.
the fact that it 's gone on a while creates the kind of debates the Democrats are having among themselves over whether we get out by the end of the year or get out by next summer or begin to get out at some point /.
And people do become impatient /.
But it 's important to remember Andrea The most important thing /.
We have n't been attacked again here since nine eleven /.
We 've been on offense /.
We 've invaded Afghanistan Invaded Iraq /.
There 're democratic governments now in both places /.
Is it easy there /?
No it is n't /.
But these are the same kinds of people who attacked us here in the United States /.
They 've not been able to do that again because the President made the fundamentally correct decision to get on offense /.
And we 've gone after these people Somewhere else Fighting them in places like Kabul and Baghdad so we do n't have to have them again in Washington and New York /.
I think that 's been a fundamentally sound decision /.
I think we 're succeeding /.
Let me briefly turn to immigration /.
uh Gentlemen there is now talk of a possible compromise which would have a two step process where you would delay guest workers for two years perhaps As long as that But first do the border security /.
uh Senator McConnell you 've been trying to support the White House /.
But is this something where you and the Senate Republicans could move toward the House position and come up with something before the end of the year /?
Well I 'd rather have a comprehensive bill than not /.
and I think it needs to tilt toward uh border security /.
uh We 're in the process of beefing up border security anyway through our appropriations process Whether or not we 're able to achieve a comprehensive immigration settlement /.
But we 're better to have this bill than not /.
And my preference is /-
And Senator Schumer I see you 're nodding in agreement /.
Yeah /.
I mean the problem here Mitch McConnell Chuck Schumer George Bush supported the bill that came out of the Senate /.
But you 'd rather have something than nothing /.
It 's a tough bill /.
and it 's a fair bill /.
But here 's what 's happening /.
you know there 's a wing of the Republican Party that does n't want that bill /.
They tend to be more in the House than the Senate /.
And they 're trying to hold things up /.
They 're having these hearings /.
Well we 've had hearing hearing hearing /.
But now it looks like we may shortcircuit that /.
The American people want a solution /.
Senator Schumer as you well know in Connecticut your colleague and friend and former vice-presidential candidate Joe Lieberman has a heated primary race on his hands against anti-war candidate Ned Lamont /.
Now let me show you a bit of a new ad that the Lamont campaign is airing which morphs Joe Lieberman with uh pictures of President Bush /.
Joe Lieberman on the Iraq war /.
We are now at a point where the war in Iraq is a war of necessity /.
Joe Leiberman may say he represents us /.
But if it talks like George W Bush and acts like George W Bush it 's certainly not a Connecticut Democrat /.
Okay as Campaign Chairman will you now today commit to supporting whoever wins that Democratic primary in Connecticut where he is now facing that uh tough challenge /?
Well let me say this Andrea /.
Harry Reid myself the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee in this primary are supporting Joe Lieberman /.
And we 're doing everything we can to help him /.
I 'm not going to speculate on what happens after the primary Because we believe Joe Leiberman is going to win /.
And I 'm not going to undermine my candidate by speculating about what might happen afterwards /.
We think he 's going to win /.
And we 're supporting him in the primaries /.
You 're supporting him even though his position on the war is completely contrary to most Democrats /?
Well again the Democratic Party is united in holding the President 's feet to the fire on oversight /.
But why wo n't you commit today to supporting Joe Lieberman the former vice-presidential nominee /?
But /-
Because /-
You 're basically saying that you will support the Democrat whoever wins /?
I am saying that we are supporting Joe Lieberman in the primary /.
But only for the primary /.
And we 're not going to speculate about things afterwards /.
Because that undermines your candidate /.
We 're supporting Joe /.
He 's going to win /.
Are you suggesting that you might not support the Democratic winner /?
as I said I am not going to speculate on the future Because we 're for Joe Leiberman in this primary /.
We 're talking about what the definition of is is here /.
But /-
Well there you go /.
So Joe Lieberman up through the primary /.
and then he 's on his own /?
We 're not speculating after the primary /.
What if he runs as an independent /?
We 're not speculating after the primary /.
It does n't make sense /.
When you have a candidate you 're supporting you do n't say what happens if he does n't win /?
Andrea /?
Yes /.
Could I just say this illustrates the nature of the Democrat 's problem /.
weigh in on this one /.
I 'm sure you 'll want to /.
Weigh in /.
Joe Lieberman voted against all of their cut - and - run proposals All of them /.
He supports the President in his war on terror And in the uh Iraqi uh chapter of that /.
And it creates a real dilemma /.
The Democrats are obviously totally divided on the issue of how to handle the war on terror /.
Well let me help you get off the /-
Andrea wait /.
I do n't agree with that /.
If you look at every poll who do the American people have more faith in in terms of Iraq /?
It 's the Democrats /.
Who do the American people /-
Do they want to see a change in direction in Iraq /?
Absolutely /.
But Senator /-
And I think they respect the fact that Democrats do have divisions And are debating this And not just marching in lockstep to whatever the President does Because they 're not happy with what the President is doing /.
This debate that Chuck and I are having /-
And that 's going to help us /.
This debate that Chuck and I are having is likely to be the big issue in the fall campaign /.
We 're going to have this debate with the American people /.
Speaking of debates and rivalries Roll Call Newspaper reports Senator Schumer that you and your fellow New York senator Hillary Clinton have such an intense rivalry that this week you and Harry Reid your Democratic leader rather tried to exclude her from a news conference to announce one of her pet issues /.
um Is it that intense the rivalry between you and Hillary Clinton /?
No it 's absolutely journalistic chatter /.
Ted Kennedy 's been our leader on minimum wage /.
Hillary Clinton came up with a great idea Tie minimum wage to the pay increase /.
So why did n't you schedule the news conference when she could show up /?
and Harry Reid /-
As we did /.
And she showed up /.
And then we had another one where she showed up /.
Harry Reid as our leader has done a very good thing here /.
He has said that as a party we 're going to support Hillary 's idea that there be no pay raise until there 's a minimum wage increase /.
And we 've had two news conferences . um with Hillary Ted Kennedy Harry and myself /.
It 's worked out extremely well /.
Let me cut to the chase here /.
If she announces that she 's running for president will you do what is customary and support your fellow New York senator for president of the United States /?
Is that what /-
Hillary Clinton is running for the Senate of the United States of New York /.
She is doing a great job running /.
We spent all day Friday together going through the flood uh torn areas /.
Will you support her for president if she chooses to run for president /?
And she is focused on New York /.
I will wait till after she wins for the Senate to decide what to do /.
But if she announces that she 's going to run for president will you support her /?
Well let 's let her announce first /.
All right /.
Well we 're going to have to leave it right there /.
Thank you very much /.
Thank you /.
Senator Schumer Senator McConnell /.
and happy Independence Day to both of you /.
Thank you /.
Same to you /.
And coming next freedom of the press versus national security /.
Our round table with radio host and author Bill Bennett William Safire of The New York Times Dana Priest of The Washington Post and John Harwood of The Wall Street Journal /.
All coming up on Meet the Press /.
Our round table on balancing press freedoms and national security after this brief station break /.
Welcome all /.
Well first the firestorm over leaks /.
uh For years the President and the Treasury have been trumpeting their success in following terror money /.
So Bill Bennett what is the harm in what The New York Times and other newspapers did last week in publishing their stories /?
Well there are a lot of people who are saying there 's a lot of harm /.
Ask the Undersecretary of the Treasury Stuart Levy who is very upset about it /.
Ask the Secretary of the Treasury departing secretary Secretary Snow /.
Ask Tom Kean and Lee Hamilton the co-chairmen of the Nine Eleven Commission /.
They 're not exactly Bush uh uh camp followers /.
Tom Kean said in an interview , he said , a very successful program which has been very successful in the war against terror has been lost compromised because of this /.
Well is n't it true that in fact this program was hinted at in the Nine Eleven Commission report /?
And both NBC analyst Roger Cressey who is a former national security official and his fellow former NSC officer Richard Clarke said that no harm was done /.
Let 's look at what they wrote in The New York Times about this /.
Wildly overblown are the Bush administration 's protests that the press revelations about the financial monitoring program may tip off the terrorists /.
They want the public to believe that it had not already occurred to every terrorist on the planet that his telephone was probably monitored and his international bank transfers subject to scrutiny /.
How gullible does the administration take the American citizenry to be /?
Bill Safire does the press have an obligation /-
Well /-
is that it /?
Is that it for me /?
No /.
Stand by /.
I want to ask Bill Safire to weigh in on this /.
Well here we are /-
Bill Does the press have an obligation to print or not in this case /?
And were they giving away state secrets /?
Look uh I do n't speak for the Times /.
I 've been in the Times for thirty years disagreeing with Times editorial policy right down the line /.
On this one I think they did the right thing /.
Here we are on Independence Day weekend Two hundred and thirty years ago celebrating what was the resistance to a king who said we 're going to hang you for treason /.
And here we have a Long Island congressman happens to be named King who 's saying treason and put these reporters in jail /.
uh I think there 's a big fundamental thing going on here now uh and uh across the board of get the press get the media /.
And uh look I used to write speeches for Spiro Agnew /.
uh uh uh I 'm hip to this stuff /.
uh uh and I can say that it gives you a blip /.
uh it gives you a chance to get on the offensive against the darned media /.
But uh in the long view of history it 's a big mistake /.
But is it the /-
This is what I do n't get /.
The people who killed three thousand Americans on September eleven who murdered Danny Pearl my colleague at The Wall Street Journal commit atrocities every day in Iraq are evil /.
But they 're not stupid /.
And I do n't understand the logic that says all of a sudden they 've discovered something they did n't know /.
September twenty - fourth two thousand one President Bush walked into the Rose Garden and announced we 've developed a strategy /.
We 're putting banks and financial institutions around the world uh on notice /.
We 'll work with their governments freeze or block terrorist 's money /.
uh We 're going to work with the United Nations the EU the GB to follow this money /.
But John what Bill Bennett would say to you is that they did n't know about the so called @SWIFT program /.
How /-
They did n't know the specifics /.
Bill /-
Well where did we think that they think we 're looking for money /?
Well why did they get caught on two thousand and three rather than two years earlier when the program was announced /?
I know we have an air marshals program /.
But I do n't know which marshal is on which plane /.
Yeah we established a democracy /.
we oppose a king /.
We have a president of the United States /.
let me go back two hundred years /.
James Wilson said the press will be free /.
No prior restraint on the press /.
However when they err , when they are irresponsible they should be held accountable /.
Now you put Richard Clarke up against Lee Hamilton and Tom Kean /.
I 'm sorry /.
Richard Clarke has a thing against this administration /.
that 's pretty clearly known /.
Tom Kean said the details of a valuable program were lost /.
Well he worked for a while in this administration /.
Lee Hamilton said the same thing /.
Jack Murtha /.
these again are not cat 's paws of this administration being The New York Times not to run this piece /.
You know Andrea the administration every time there 's a national security story they do n't want published they say it will damage national security /.
Yes Dana /?
But for one thing they 've never given us any proof /.
They say it will stop cooperation /.
but the fact is that the countries of the world understand that they have to cooperate on counter-terrorism /.
And just like the banks that did not pull out of the system other countries continue to cooperate /.
But Dana /-
Have we heard that they 're pulling out from this system /?
Because it 's a common problem /.
I do n't think so /.
Dana let me point out that The Washington Post your newspaper was behind the others but also did publish this story /.
And a story you wrote last year disclosing the secret CIA prisons won the Pulitzer Prize /.
But it also led to William Bennett sitting here saying that three reporters who won the Pulitzer Prize you for that story and Jim Risen and others for another story were not worthy of an award but rather worthy of jail /.
Dana how do you plead /?
Well um it 's not a crime to publish classified information /.
And this is one of the things Mr. Bennett keeps telling people that it is /.
But in fact there are some narrow categories of information you ca n't publish Certain signals communications intelligence the names of covert operatives and nuclear secrets /.
Now why is n't it a crime /?
I mean some people would like to make casino gambling a crime /.
But it is not a crime /.
Why is n't it not a crime /?
Because the framers of the Constitution wanted to protect the press so that they could perform a basic role in government oversight /.
And you ca n't do that /.
Look at the criticism that the press got after Iraq that we did not do our job on WMD /.
And that was all in a classified arena /.
To do a better job and I believe that we would 've done a better job we would 've again found ourselves in the arena of /-
But we 've now had a steady drum beat from the White House all week about this as you 've pointed out /.
Here 's what the President and the Vice President have been saying on the stump at campaign events /.
Last week the details of this program appeared in the press /.
There can be no excuse for anyone entrusted with vital intelligence to leak it . And no excuse for any newspaper to print it /.
The leaks to The New York Times and the publishing of those leaks is very damaging /.
What is doubly disturbing for me is that not only have they gone forward with these stories but they 've been rewarded for it for example in the case of the terrorist surveillance program by being awarded the Pulitzer Prize for outstanding journalist /.
I think that is a uh disgrace /.
John is this policy of trying to use the press as a whipping boy uh going to work to excite the conservative base and to turn voters out in the midterm elections /?
Well Republicans certainly think so /.
if you 're a Republican in the White House or in Congress would you rather talk about immigration gas prices the estate tax all the things that you ca n't get done right now /.
or would you rather go after The New York Times the Supreme Court on the Guantanamo ruling we 'll talk about that later and make hay and say They 're tying our hands in the war on terrorism /?
It 's obvious they 'd rather do the latter /.
And they love this discussion /.
They 're going to love it even more if Congress takes up uh legislation on Guantanamo /.
this is clearly not something new /.
Let me show you a tape from nineteen ninety two /.
Here 's my favorite bumper sticker of all Annoy the medias , re-elect Bush /.
And the Democrats of course also do this /.
This is how the Boston Globe covered a Howard Dean for president campaign rally back in two thousand four /.
Dean told a crowd of supporters that his campaign was a struggle between us and the Washington politicians and the established press /.
Bill Safire what does this remind you of /?
It reminds me of a piece that I did back in the Carter administration where I wrote that Billy Carter the President 's brother was overheard talking many times with the Libyan Embassy /.
uh And the White House got very excited about that /.
Why /?
Because they said the Libyans did n't know that we had a tap eh on their embassy /.
Now that struck everybody in Washington as totally foolish Because for the last fifty years every single embassy in this town is bugged /.
uh Now here 's the President say that who knew that the details of this program /?
Now let me refresh all of our memories about something else that had happened /.
take a look at this piece of film /.
In the United States today we have more than our share of the nattering nabobs of negativism /.
Okay /.
Now whose alliterative phrase was nattering nabobs of negativism Mr. Safire /?
Well uh Mr. Agnew was kind enough to credit me with that afterwards uh because I 'm an alliteration nut /.
This was when you were the speechwriter in the White House /.
uh Right /.
and uh I was on loan to uh Agnew for that speech /.
I did n't write the Des Moines speech uh Pat Buchanan did that Where he really zapped the press /.
And again uh the Nixon administration in that case uh got a leg up /.
And people said Hey yeah we 're angry at not just Nixon /.
We 're angry at the Congress /.
And we 're angry at the media /.
can I /-
So the point is the tension between the media and the government is long - standing /.
And that 's to be expected /.
And in fact all these many of the people getting up to lambaste the media now are also people that we talk to with our stories to vet our stories to say What is it in this story that you 're most concerned about /?
You mean to hold things back /?
To hold things back /.
In the prison story we talked with the administration /.
No one in the administration asked us not to publish the story /.
In fact people said we know you have your job to do /.
but please do n't publish the names of the countries where the prisons are located /.
So there is a reasoned dialogue that often goes on between the media and the government behind all this /.
That was not the case with the NSA surveillance stories /.
That 's correct /.
can I say something Because I 'm being quoted and talked about But I 'm right here /.
You know I 'm right here /.
I can make my own case /.
Well please weigh in /.
Alright now you g- /-
uh Bennett /.
you got three people on one side /.
You got me on the other side /.
And let me just state my position /.
It 's not time to break out the champagne and the Pulitzers /.
This is not about politics Not from my perspective /.
It 's about the United States of America and the security of the United States of America /.
The difference is the government was elected /.
People may not like the Bush administration /.
But they were elected /.
And they are entitled to due consideration on these matters /.
The American people in fact believe in a free press as I do /.
And I do n't believe in prior restraint of the press /.
But the American people are saying if you listen to them in very very large and consistent numbers -- /.
And an awful lot of people across the board are saying this is four times now four times in eight months /.
Dana Priest 's story the uh uh uh Security Agency monitoring story the USA Today story about data mining /.
Oh sorry they tell us on Friday We maybe got that wrong /.
Our sources were wrong /.
Well wait a second /.
The story was n't wrong /.
What they apologized for is that one of the companies or two of the companies did not have contracts /.
Two of the companies /.
Big big part of the story /.
But that the information was still being /-
Yeah /.
The program was still valid /.
But the fundamental part of the story /-
big big big part of the story they got wrong /.
All right check your facts when you 're running a front page /.
I have /.
when they 're running front page USA Today needs to check its facts /.
and now this story uh on the @SWIFT /.
And people are saying is there a competition here /?
Which no one has denied /.
No no one has denied it /.
Except the people at Treasury and again Tom Kean are saying this thing has now destroyed the capacity of our program /.
Again the difference is the government of the United States was elected to protect our security /.
It is n't always in the service of security to leak /.
Katharine Graham in The New York Times today Katharine Graham cites a very interesting example in nineteen eighty three where she said the press went too far /.
It reported about secret communications between Syrian terrorists and uh their Iranian bosses which led later she said to the deaths of two hundred and forty Marines /.
This can happen /.
We are in war /.
You know I heartily appreciate your talking on behalf of all the American people /.
This is classified /-
I 'm not /.
Because when my stories ran I received many many people thanking me /.
I 'm talking about a lot of the American /-
Wait /.
let me finish /.
Let me finish /.
you do n't want to put this to an opinion poll /.
Because they thought that they went /-
including active duty four star generals /.
You do not want to do this on an opinion poll /.
can I just /-
Some people think that the administration has gone too far in some of the counterterrorism measures they 've taken And that some of the things that we are revealing are creating a debate that could not have happened before /.
Yeah and the shutting down of prisons /.
And countries that say /-
The prisons have been moved /.
They have not been shut down /.
That 's a big difference /.
That 's a different /-
Bill Safire weigh in here /.
Let me respond to um the point he 's making that who elected the media to determine what should be secret and what should not /?
Which is the fundamental point /.
Right /.
And the answer to that is the Founding Fathers did /.
uh They came up with this Bill of Rights beyond which uh the constitutional convention would not move unless there were a First Amendment to challenge the government just as the American Founding Fathers challenged the British government /.
Right /.
Now it 's not treasonable It 's not even wrong , for the press to say we 're going to find out what we can /.
and we 'll act as a check and balance on the government /.
Sometimes we 'll make mistakes /.
Sometimes the government will mistake /.
Is it wrong for the government to go after the press when the press has gone too far /?
sometimes even the uh Supreme Court admits to making mistakes /.
Should the press be held responsible if it 's gone too far /?
Should the press be held responsible if it 's gone too far /?
John Harwood /.
Free speech helps everybody /.
Judy Miller went to jail for eighty five days /.
There was not a big hue and cry about that /.
Now let me agree with you /.
Was there /?
No /.
Let me agree with you for a moment /.
I believe that public opinion is much closer to Bennett on this point than some of the other uh members of the press in the discussion /.
After Dana wrote her story about secret prisons we asked in our Wall Street Journal NBC poll do you think the administration has gone too far in handling terror suspects overseas , or is it taking the right approach /?
Fifty - five to thirty the American people said they 've taken the right approach /.
But the press is never popular and most notably now /.
Exactly so /.
And the American people are not overly concerned at this moment about the finest points of civil liberties on this /.
Secondly I accept that Bill Bennett is not motivated by politics in his views on this /.
However when you talk privately to Republicans on the Hill , why did we have a debate for a couple of days on the Hill about this resolution that had no force of law whatsoever about The New York Times /?
They 'll tell you it was politics /.
They love having this discussion /.
They want it to go on as long as possible /.
Well we 're still talking about basic right and wrong here /.
And is there any question that people /-
I think I 'm the only one here who signed a nondisclosure agreement when I was Director of National Drug Control Policy /.
Maybe some of you have /.
It 's a pretty serious matter /.
People who signed those agreements in government have violated the law /.
they have violated their oath /.
They have done so by talking to Dana Priest talking to Risen and talking to Lichtblau /.
let me /-
We need to get after those people /.
And one way to get after those people is to talk to the reporters /.
Oh you 're saying get after them /.
That means threatening reporters and threaten them with contempt and put them in jail /.
Bill what let me ask Bill /-
Absolutely absolutely /.
And that 's wrong /.
Why is that wrong Bill /?
Why are they above the law /?
Because it 's a big step toward tyranny which is what we 're supposed to be withholding /.
Because they 're affected /.
It is n't a step toward tyranny /.
And what about the @AIPAC guys /?
Is that a step toward tyranny /?
They 're being prosecuted under the Espionage Act /.
Bill Safire let me ask you a question about The New York Times /.
Is n't that more a step toward tyranny /?
There are a lot of people who believe The New York Times in doing this latest story is motivated by an antibody animus /.
Is The New York Times making a decision that is political rather than editorial /?
The New York Times like The Wall Street Journal has a wall of separation between its editorial voice and its front page and its news coverage /.
And that 's always been the case /.
Now does it uh always stay exactly the same /?
when you drive down that road it is always right /?
No it changes /.
But in this case uh I am certain , I 'm really certain , that the editorial position of The New York Times about the war which I completely disagree with did not affect its coverage of the news /.
let me show you a Wall Street Journal editorial very unusual editorial that was uh in the paper on Friday /.
it said that the problem with The New York Times is that millions of Americans no longer believe that its editors would make those calculations in anything close to good faith /.
We certainly do n't /.
On issue after issue it has become clear that The Times believes the US is not really at war /.
And in any case the Bush administration lacks the legitimacy to wage it /.
John I do n't want to really put you on the spot here /.
But I am /.
Your paper 's news columns also ran this story /.
And here you have this editorial /.
uh it really is uh a really sharp conflict /.
Couple of points on that /.
First of all that editorial was n't kidding when they said there 's a separation between the news and the editorial pages at The Wall Street Journal /.
That 's for sure /.
Same with us /.
Secondly there is a very large gap between the ideological outlook and philosophy of The New York Times editorial page and The Wall Street Journal editorial page /.
There is not a large ideological gap between the news staffs of those two places /.
And why would there be /?
Some of the top people of The New York Times were hired from The Wall Street Journal /.
What I found shocking about the editorial was the assertion that The New York Times did not act in good faith in making that judgment /.
I do n't know anybody on the news staff of The Wall Street Journal that believes that /.
I certainly do n't /.
Let 's turn to Guantanamo and the Supreme Court /.
What is the political fallout John from the Guantanamo decision /?
is this something that can actually work in the administration 's favor because it pits the Court according to the talk show hosts the last couple of days on the side of al - Qaeda /?
It 's embarrassing uh internationally /.
It isolates the United States /.
It 's a setback for the administration 's philosophy /.
Politically I think they could come out ahead on this In part because as we just heard Mitch McConnell and Chuck Schumer say the US uh Congress is going to take up very soon legislation giving the President this authority /.
That 's a good subject for Republicans to be on /.
Dana what is it costing us diplomatically /?
Guantanamo /.
Huge /.
which is the point not just on Guantanamo But all of these programs /.
You know we are covering the war on terror /.
It 's a classified war /.
why are we covering it /?
Because we want to figure out whether the government is going to achieve its strategic goals which is to defeat terrorism and to compete in the realm of ideology /.
It 's not just the tactical question /.
And on Guantanamo this has cost us a lot internationally as a defender a primary defender of human rights /.
And you have to take those things into consideration when you 're trying to win a war /.
Bill Safire should the administration take this as a cue to just shut Guantanamo or accept the John McCain approach now towards /?
No I think uh the administration should follow the guideline that the Supreme Court has suggested which is go to Congress and get some kind of solid guidelines on what should happen /.
Wonderful thing here /.
Really a wonderful thing in the last week /.
Here 's a Supreme Court which put George W Bush in the presidency uh only six years ago Now pulling him up short and saying hey you got to get some oversight /.
you got to get some congressional backing uh before you can do this kind of thing /.
And as you just saw in the beginning of this program these two senators who disagree about so much uh pretty much signaled you bet /.
first we 'll hear from the President /.
And he 'll backtrack /.
And he 'll say this is what kind of a military commission we need /.
And they 'll keep Guantanamo /.
They 'll keep uh the most dangerous terrorists there /.
And we 'll have these military commissions /.
And uh they 'll set a good pattern for the next president And hopefully not the next war /.
Andrea the other thing this does politically is underscore the arguments of conservatives of why it 's important to change the Court /.
You had Scalia Thomas Alito siding with the administration /.
and the administration was saying we need some more conservatives /.
The last word to you Bill Bennett /.
We only have about fifteen thirty seconds /.
Yeah I agree with Bill Safire /.
It 's uh in Congress 's court now /.
And they need to act on it /.
But I do n't agree with Bill Safire that the press has a right not to give testimony in a criminal trial /.
They are not above the law /.
And when you show your Pentagon Papers case please read Justice Blackmail 's decision /.
He said no prior restraint /.
But if people get hurt , if people get killed as a result of this the press is responsible /.
So the issue is whether people are hurt by something that had arguably been previously disclosed /.
That 's correct /.
I disagree completely /.
You 're not above the law /.
I will respect his right to disagree /.
Okay /.
Well we are going to have to leave it there /.
Happy Independence Day on these themes of July fourth and our founders /.
Thank you all /.
And coming next our Meet The Press Minute Reflecting that landmark Supreme Court decision thirty five years ago balancing national security and freedom of the press /.
And we are back /.
On Sunday morning June thirteenth nineteen seventy one the front page of The New York Times featured a photo of a smiling President Nixon escorting his daughter Tricia on her wedding day /.
But the middle of the front page contained a story that through a strange chain of events would lead to a landmark Supreme Court case on press freedoms And eventually to the Watergate scandal and Nixon 's own resignation /.
The headline read Vietnam Archive Pentagon Study Traces three Decades of Growing US Involvement /.
The person who leaked the classified Pentagon Papers to The New York Times was defense analyst Daniel Ellsberg /.
He appeared on Meet The Press several years later /.
And on that occasion he spoke about the case that changed history /.
Mr. Ellsberg whatever else you may have accomplished or not accomplished by disclosing the Pentagon Papers many people I believe including you felt that your trial would help establish some ground rules or answer some questions about the security classification system uh government secrecy freedom of the press /.
uh do you think it 's done so /.
or did the way it ended just leave all those questions just hanging in the air as much as they were before /?
I do n't think they 'll ever again try to convince an American jury that historical documents of the kind in the Pentagon Papers even if they are stamped Top secret could damage the national interest And thus come under the espionage laws /.
Mr. Ellsberg wise men made the point centuries ago that liberty without order is anarchy /.
If every person with official access to classified information took it upon himself to decide what should be made public how could orderly government be maintained /?
That 's a constant problem /.
It can never be an easy one /.
They 'll never be able to reveal such things without risking their jobs if their superiors do n't want it revealed /.
Because of our involvement in Vietnam and because of what has happened at the Pentagon Papers and the Watergate case a great many of our youth have lost faith in our institutions /.
Have you /?
I never did /.
and I 'm glad to say right now I have never had more hope Not based on faith but on evidence of what I see these days that our government is functioning /.
Our government is not the President /.
The government is not the executive branch /.
Those other branches of government are functioning to protect us from abuses by the executive branch /.
And they have never functioned better in our history /.
And we 'll be right back /.
That 's all for today /.
Tim Russert will be back next week at a special earlier time eight am Eastern right before the Wimbledon finals /.
Check out our Web site during the week for air times in your area MTP dot MSNBC dot com /.
Have a wonderful July fourth a safe weekend /.
and if it 's Sunday it 's Meet The Press /.
The move comes a month before the Senate is scheduled to hold confirmation hearings on President Bush 's Supreme Court nominee John Roberts /.
Senator Chris Dodd of Connecticut was among those Democrats who spoke out against Bolton 's appointment today /.
I just do n't think he can do a very good job there /.
I think he 's going to hurt the president more importantly going to hurt the country /.
I think the nomination is a bad one /.
I think the way he 's arriving there is a very bad idea /.
NBC 's David Gregory is at the White House /.
David you know the president does n't he run the risk of looking like the little rich kid who is not winning the game so he says it 's my ball /.
I 'm going home with it /?
Well I have a theory about this Chris which is that every time somebody accuses John Bolton about being abrasive or abusive to subordinates or you know difficult to work with as somebody who is just going to break all the china in the place the president says oh yeah this is why I like the guy /.
this is exactly what I want at the United Nations /.
And I 'm only half kidding /.
I really think that that is a big part of this that the president uh yes he may be ruffling feathers here but to deal with the United Nations the president wants to do it in a pretty hardline way /.
uh well let me ask you this about the nature of the appointment because he can only be appointed through uh the beginning of the next session of Congress which is in early oh seven it 's really only a year and a few months /.
how can he really be a permanent representative and have the stature of one /?
Well I think that 's a big question /.
Uh It is a question that was posed to the UN secretary - general today /.
I mean the bottom line is that the president has got some time to work with him /.
He has a year up there /.
He knows he has got you know the president 's authority /.
Everybody up there in New York understands that as well that he can push the US agenda /.
And then we 'll see what happens /.
I mean if he can prove to some Democrats that uh he can work well with others up there perhaps he changes some minds /.
Maybe uh that 's not going to happen /.
but the bottom line is that this is not an administration that thinks very highly of the United Nations /.
and the only real engagement we want to have at the UN is to try to clean the place up /.
And so they 're going to stand by the guy they think who can really do that /.
and this is very much a statement that the president was not going to be deterred from making in terms of his views of the UN and how it ought to operate /.
how big a role has the vice president had in this appointment and this continuation to fight for him to the point of naming him a recess appointment /?
I think huge /.
And in fact it 's the vice president who 's very close to John Bolton , who has been a real stalwart for him throughout this process /.
And I think it 's perfectly clear uh that he made the argument to the president that you do n't wobble on this one , that this is an important player in our agenda with the United Nations /.
Okay thank you very much David Gregory /.
Republican Senator Norm Coleman of Minnesota is a member of the Foreign Relations Committee which held the nomination hearings on John Bolton /.
Senator let me ask you about the Democrats /.
The president referred to a handful of Democrats /.
Who is he talking about /.
who held up this nomination /?
Well the bottom line is that there were fifty - six votes for cloture /.
so the majority of the United States Senate supported ending the debate /.
I think Bolton would have gotten more than fifty - six votes to be confirmed /.
so a majority of the Senate supported John Bolton /.
and in most democracies majorities actually get their way /.
Senate procedure allows a minority to block this nomination /.
and they did /.
Chris two other things /.
the bottom line is you 're forgetting there 's a conference on UN reform major conference September fourteenth through the sixteenth /.
The president is going to be there make a major statement now he has got somebody who is there , who is his guy , who is going to work with him over these six weeks /.
This is an important period of time /.
We 've been six months without a permanent representative /.
The time was to do it now /.
and the president I believe did the right thing /.
Let 's listen to Senator and former Majority leader Trent Lott of Mississippi the United States senator from that state /.
Here 's what he said that he opposed the recess appointment of uh John Bolton /.
I have advised against it /.
Uh I think that he was not confirmed /.
And if he went in there he would be limited to like seventeen months /.
Uh perhaps uh he would not be weakened /.
but uh you know it appears to me that he would /.
Uh but uh I would recommend against a recess appointment /.
What do you make of that Senator Coleman /?
I disagree with my friend and respected colleague Trent Lott /.
Bottom line is that this is an important moment /.
This UN is reeling from the aftermath of the investigation that we 've done on oil for food /.
And they 've been reeling from the child prostitution in Africa from the sexual harassment of top UN personnel /.
They finally understand they have got to make change /.
Uh hopefully get a John Bolton who can force the Chinese and Zimbabwe and Sudan to understand that we have got to get rid of the odious Human Rights Commission /.
And so the time is now /.
Eh George Bush is only going to be in office a couple more years /.
that 's how permanent permanent will be /.
Uh John Bolton will be there during probably the most important time for the United Nations in many many years /.
Do you think there 's a value in itself in having someone to go up there and just waste the place I mean in other words just give tough speeches try to humiliate them uh try to get them out and get them straightened out by just making fun of them by basically trashing some of those Third World members that have contributed to this uh horror in some of these cases you mentioned /?
uh I do n't think there 's any basis for saying that 's what John Bolton is going to do /.
John Bolton by the way was a very effective assistant of state /.
He helped the UN get rid of its odious Zionism is racism resolution in nineteen ninety - one when people said that could n't be done /.
So do n't underestimate the skill of John Bolton /.
Is there a time to be tough /?
Yeah /.
And he can be tough /.
Is there a time to be persuasive /?
Yeah /.
He can be persuasive /.
He 's got a record of doing that /.
UN officials themselves have said that /.
Malloch Brown has said that /.
Kofi Annan has said that /.
So I think it would be a mistake to simply John Bolton as a tough guy who is going to push folks around /.
But he knows how to get things done /.
The moment for reform is now /.
and if we miss that moment shame on us /.
Do you worry about him rattling the cage of uh the head of North Korea with comments like he 's a tyrannical dictator /?
You 're dealing with a guy who is living on booze most of the time and delusions and movies and girlfriends provided for him /.
Do you think it 's safe to call him names /?
You 're not talking about John Bolton now when you say that , right /?
No I 'm talking about the head of North Korea /.
Do you think it 's safe to rattle the cage of a crazy man /?
Uh Chris Chris as you well know /-
I should n't say crazy man /.
He might hear this /.
How about an unusual leader /?
Eh everything that John Bolton said about Kim Jong was approved by the State Department /.
There 's not a record on it not a single thing in the record /.
I sat through all the hearings and read all the stuff /.
there 's not a single thing that John Bolton said that was n't approved by higher powers /.
Tyrannical dictator hellish nightmare on the eve of the six nation talks /?
That 's what he is /.
Oh yeah we know that /.
The truth hurts so much with this guy /-
So your listeners understand there 's not a single thing that John Bolton said during that entire process that was not vetted , that was not cleared and that was not approved /.
So he is a tyrannical dictator for whatever reason folks said /.
that 's the approach we 're going to use /.
and so John Bolton was n't off the reservation and was n't speaking out of school /.
he was speaking truth /.
and it was approved truth /.
What do you think about his comment that we could lose the top ten floors of the UN building and it would n't hurt /?
I hope he does n't have an office on one of those top ten floors /.
Uh yeah you sound like Barbara Boxer now Chris /.
You know the reality he was saying that comment to a group of folks /.
it was a meeting in which they 're talking about one world government /.
He was saying hey folks it 's not going to happen /.
Oh do n't /.
no no /.
now we 're at war /.
What did you just say /?
Uh I do n't think so /.
It 's not going to happen /.
And the bottom line is that a lot of folks would say the UN has not been as effective as it should be /.
My investigation has shown mismanagement at least perhaps corruption at worst /.
Right /.
and so there are a lot of folks saying you got to make change in the UN /.
That 's what that was all about /.
And the UN recognized it now /.
That 's why they 're holding this meeting on reform /.
That 's why the president is going to be speaking there /.
And he has got a guy by his side who can help make that happen /.
So I should n't have quoted him /.
I made a mistake there Senator /.
you just jumped on me because I quoted him saying it would be all right if they lost the top ten floors of the UN /.
and was I wrong to do that /?
No /.
it was a comment /.
eh eh it was n't your quote /.
it was your comment eh that you said how would you feel if you were on one of those floors /.
Tell me what you should do here /.
That 's what Brabara Boxer said in one of our hearings /.
Oh did she say that /?
Oh oh that was a mistake on my part /.
Yeah absolutely /.
wait and the reality is again the context in which he said that was very clear I think few would argue with it and that is we 're not going to a one world government /.
The UN is not going to dictate American foreign policy and how America defends itself /.
On the other hand we need to work with the UN /.
John Bolton has showed the ability to do that /.
and I think it would be a mistake to mischaracterize him simply as a tough or a tough guy or a bully /.
Did it bother you that when he filled out that questionnaire uh uh before your Senate Foreign Relations Committee your committee that he failed to note , in fact he denied , that he had been interviewed as part of the uh uh inspector general 's investigation of the initial causes for the war in Iraq /?
Yeah it bothers me any time uh somebody says something and it turns out not to be accurate /.
On the other hand if he was simply somebody that somebody talked to but there is n't any indication he was involved central to the story I have less concern /.
But does it bother me /?
Yes it did /.
I wish it did n't happen /.
Do you think the UN can still play the role that FDR and the other Americans at that time thought it could of being the peacemaking uh organization to keep us from fighting war after war in the world /?
Can they ever play that role /?
Chris I hope so /.
and I think that 's the importance of this whole UN reform effort /.
That 's what this is about uh that we really do have to get rid of the Human Rights Commission /.
We have to change the focus of the UN so they 're not spending one hundred and sixty - nine million on their communications department and twenty - four million on their auditing function /.
Uh we 've got to do structural reform /.
we 've got to do internal management reform /.
If it does that then in fact the UN can live out what it was supposed to be /.
It 's not doing that today /.
I 'd like to change it because I do n't think the US can be the world 's sole peacekeeper and world 's sole humanitarian providers /.
So we need an effective United Nations /.
It 's presently scarred presently tainted /.
Uh let 's get about reform /.
and hopefully it can get to where FDR thought it could be /.
Thank you very much Senator Norm Coleman of Minnesota a perfect guest for Hardball /.
When we come back reaction from Democrats to President Bush 's recent recess appointment of John Bolton plus what is the significance of the timing of today 's Bolton recess appointment /?
That 's ahead /.
You 're watching Hardball only on MSNBC /.
Coming up , President Bush says John Bolton is the right person for the job /.
but Democrats call him damaged goods /.
The fight over John Bolton 's recess appointment to the UN when Hardball returns /.
Welcome back to Hardball /.
President Bush 's recess appointment of John Bolton as UN ambassador may be controversial among Democrats /.
but it 's not without precedent /.
and the move has energized both sides as they prepare for the next battle /.
Hardball correspondent David Shuster reports /.
After urging President Bush not to go through with this recess appointment the reaction today from Democrats was harsh /.
This man uh sadly if we had a secret roll call would not be approved by the Senate /.
both in the Democratic and Republicans sides serious misgivings about whether he has the qualifications for this important assignment /.
And some Democrats said the president 's action is a stick in the eye just as the Senate is preparing for confirmation hearings of John Roberts the president 's nominee for the Supreme Court /.
This president has more disdain for the United States Congress than any president I 've seen in my thirty years there /.
The president 's power to make recess appointments comes from the Constitution /.
And it 's a power that dates back to George Washington /.
Our nation 's founding father recessed John Rutledge on to the Supreme Court only to see him formally rejected by the Senate after one term /.
President Reagan made two hundred and forty - three recess appointments /.
President Clinton made a hundred and forty /.
And to date President Bush has made a hundred and five /.
President Clinton 's recess appointments included James Hormel an openly gay man Republicans opposed to be ambassador to Luxembourg and Judge Roger Gregory /.
I have tried for five years to put an African - American on the fourth Circuit for five years /.
Now uh uh for all the reasons that I made in my remarks uh I think it is most unfortunate that it has not been done /.
and I am just determined to do it /.
It 's just time to do it /.
For President Bush recess appointments have gone to conservative Judges Charles Pickering and William Pryor Labor Department Solicitor Eugene Scalia the son of Justice Antonin Scalia and Undersecretary of State Otto Reich a key figure in the Reagan administration 's policies toward Nicaragua /.
But political analysts say Washington is more bitterly divided now than it has been in years /.
And the Bolton nomination fight was particularly intense /.
He has a record of trying to remove intelligence analysts who disagreed with him /.
and he also attempted to exaggerate intelligence to fit his views /.
This spring Democrats also played decade old tapes of Bolton disparaging the UN /.
The Secretariat Building in New York has thirty - eight stories /.
If you lost ten stories today it would n't make a bit of difference /.
Republicans said Bolton 's skepticism of the UN combined with his hard working style would make him a perfect choice /.
The United Nations is in trouble /.
It needs a strong voice from the United States to help reform this vital institution and make it uh relevant and meaningful and powerful for the time that we find ourselves in /.
John Bolton is now the first US ambassador to the UN to be named through a recess appointment /.
The question is will there be any fallout at the UN or any repercussions here in Washington when the White House and the Senate have to deal with each other again later this fall /?
I 'm David Shuster for Hardball in Washington /.
Up next more on President Bush 's recess appointment of John Bolton as UN ambassador and the latest on the heightening CIA leak investigation /.
You 're watching Hardball on MSNBC /.
Welcome back to Hardball /.
More now on the recess appointment of John Bolton to the United Nations /.
NBC News chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell joins us now /.
Andrea there are two paradigms for UN ambassador /.
There 's Adlai Stevenson the old liberal who really came through during the Cuban Missile Crisis because everybody in the world believed he was n't a hawk /.
And then there was Daniel Patrick Moynihan who went over there and took on the Third World on issues like uh the issues of anti-Israel sort of rhetoric over there and he won those battles /.
What are we looking at here a smart diplomat or a tough talker /?
I think a tough talker /.
But what he needs to learn and what I think he 's been warned about uh from diplomats up there is that you need votes /.
And he ca n't go in with a mandate that the president has given him to shake the place up with some of those pungent sound bites and get along with enough people especially because his own credibility was really on the line on some of the tough issues that he 's going to confront Iran Iraq North Korea /.
So since he 's been accused of twisting the intelligence on exactly those issues He needs some allies /.
and he 's going to have to develop those allies now /.
He will have the Brits and some of the other traditional American allies /.
but he does n't have a lot of goodwill up there /.
That said John Bolton has experience /.
He was very successful in a previous incarnation in New York when he was able to defeat the Zionism is racism uh resolution there back then /.
And he 's a smart guy /.
So I would n't bet against him /.
What about the European and the world press /.
are they going to destroy him before he gets started for being a recess appointment /?
Sure but Kofi Annan look does n't have a whole lot of strength himself especially with critics here in the United States /.
So while he would like to warn John Bolton as he did today that there are a hundred ninety other representatives the US has a certain special clout /.
and Annan is going to have to listen to him /.
Uh I guess that if Bolton had not said some of the things that he had said in the past that you know the UN secretariat has thirty - eight floors and you could lose ten of them without losing anything those kinds of quotes are going to kind of haunt him /.
Do you think there 's any danger in the world of causing a real war in North Korea again another Korean war by calling the North Korean dictator what he is /?
I mean he calls him a tyrannical dictator /.
and he says it 's a nightmare all over there /.
all true /.
But here 's a guy on Jack Daniels most of the time in a world of delusion /.
Is there any chance he might just rattle that cage too hard /?
Well actually Condi Rice herself in her own confirmation hearing had rattled that cage /.
And they 've walked way back from that /.
What Rice is proving as secretary is that she 's much more pragmatic as secretary of state than she was a national security adviser on Iran and on North Korea /.
So she 's taken this posture she 's reflecting the president 's view as adjusted for second term and Bolton is going to have to follow that line /.
He ca n't really go off on his own /.
And if he does I think she 'll reel him right back in /.
How many months before Condi Rice has to apologize or defend uh John Bolton his language /?
Maybe two /.
Okay thank you very much Andrea Mitchell /.
Two months it is /.
I 'm joined right now by Steve McMahon Democratic political strategist and longtime adviser to Democratic Party Chairman Howard Dean I did n't know he 's been around that long and Ben Ginsberg a Republican attorney and adviser to the conservative group Progress For America and also a man whose card has been stamped by working hard to win the president 's recount in Florida right /?
Yes sir /.
Does n't it seem to you that people like John Bolton and John Roberts uh the uh Supreme Court nominee have all earned their spurs through this sort of red badge of courage down in the Florida recount /?
I think it was the other way around /.
I think in Florida we recruited the best and the brightest and people who we knew would be excellent in really a tough and historical setting and that 's where those guys came in /.
Is that where John Bolton learned how to be so belligerent down there in uh /-
Okay let me ask you a tough shot /.
the Democrats who voted against Bolton and denied him an up or down vote in the Senate were n't they just in a certain way trying to separate themselves from having voted for the war /?
This is their chance to basically say to the president and to the country we 're not part of this war policy of John Bolton and the president /.
I actually think it was their chance to stand up and say we do n't think that somebody who was an architect of a war , who was an architect of the misleading information that we got and that the world got /.
many of the world uh then later followed us into war /-
If they bought it back before why are they not buying it now /?
Well because they 've learned from their mistake /.
I mean obviously you know when you lead a nation and a world into war um eh and you have the kind of record that John Bolton has in spite of the fact that he went to Florida and fought in the recount I think you know the Democrats got smart /.
Is your party ready now to come out against this war /.
or are they still going to play it both ways /?
I do n't think the party is playing it both ways /.
I think our party is going to hold our president accountable /.
Oh yes they are /.
support the troops /.
support more armors /-
Eh uh are you for the war your party /?
But Chris you can be against the war and be in favor of the troops /.
Uh uh you know I think there are a lot of different pe- /-
You ca n't answer that , can you /?
Well no our party does n't have a position /.
There are a lot of different people /-
Well the Republican party has a position /.
Absolutely right /.
where are you guys /?
well of course the Republican Party has a position /.
The president tells them what it is /-
Have you got a party on taxes on trade on anything /?
I ca n't find the Democratic position on any issue today /.
What is your position on whether we should roll back the president 's tax cut /?
Well I think we should roll back the president 's tax cut /.
Does the Democratic Party believe that /?
I think the Democratic Party has said you know the problem is /-
The Republican Party is for the tax cut /.
there 's a beauty here to this kind of symmetry here /.
Well absolutely /.
The Republicans know where they stand /.
the Democrats they are still looking for an opportunity /.
No no no /.
the Democrats believe that the president has driven this country into a recession /.
The economy is on the wrong track /.
So therefore what are you going to do about it /?
Well I think most Democrats think we ought to repeal the tax cuts for the very wealthy /.
Really /?
Yeah /.
The economy is taking off /.
unemployment is down at five percent /.
you 've had sustained growth for the last two years /.
What are you talking about /?
Okay I want to come back and talk about whether we have a Supreme Court that is going to change /.
Big news this weekend /.
Somebody says that they think that this guy John Roberts is going to end up being chief justice within six months /.
Ben Ginsberg and Steve McMahon are staying with us /.
You 're watching Hardball with MSNBC /.
Have you heard that one /?
Welcome back to Hardball /.
We 're back with Republican strategist Ben Ginsberg and Democratic strategist Steve McMahon /.
Ben I have a sense this president wants this guy John Bolton to go up to New York /.
He 's already up there /.
He 's been booed on his way into the building today /-
And just give them hell /.
look John Bolton is a principled guy with a lot of skills /.
He has the support of the president of the United States the secretary of state a majority of the United States Senate /.
Kofi Annan says he 's going to work with him /.
The United Nations is doing important reform work /.
And John Bolton is the right guy /.
and he is going to go in and do his job and not pay attention to the carping from the Democrats /.
He 's basically going to waste the other side the Third World people and just blow them up every night /.
No absolutely not /.
that 's not his mandate and goal /.
His mandate and goal is to fulfill the foreign policy of the United States /.
and that absolutely includes helping the people of the Third World /.
He is so good , is n't he /?
He 's so good /.
I think it 's like sending Frank Rizzo to the UN /.
But that 's just a thought you know /.
a tough customer a tough cop or else how about hall monitor /.
Yeah exactly /.
You know one of these tough guys to go get these bozos in line /.
I mean I 'm talking from the subjunctive mood of this administration /.
Well he obviously thinks he is a hall monitor /.
I mean you know the president may refer to Karl Rove as the architect /.
but to the rest of the world John Bolton is the architect of misleading the country misleading the world into a war /.
um and then you know basically during his confirmation hearings he was asked whether he had ever been interrogated as part of an investigation /.
He did n't tell the truth about that /.
I mean this is an administration that basically is rewarding somebody for not telling the truth consistently over a long period of time and for belligerently abusing his staff /.
I do n't believe in the Senate debate /.
Your party stuck by what you just said about blaming John Bolton for the war /.
In fact they sort of nickeled and dimed him on not giving him a fair up or down vote on much less relevant points /.
We do n't have all the papers that we think we need /.
and they kept playing that sort of rope a dope game /.
There was nothing about John Bolton as the architect for the war /.
It was a much shriller sort of less relevant debate that you guys did /.
could n't the strategy of the president be this guy is going to be his lightning rod /?
They 'll hate John Bolton /.
they wo n't hate George Bush /.
Bush is all right /.
I sort of like him /.
this guy Bolton is no good /.
you know Jack Kennedy would send Bobby out there /.
Be mad at Bobby /.
that 's your job /.
Is that what this is about /?
Not Bobb- /-
Yeah /.
Nobody is going to like Bolton a year from now , are they /?
Well you know in about a year and a half from now he wo n't either /.
He 's not going to get reupped /.
Is there any chance the Senate will confirm him /?
Will the Senate you think /-
Let me ask you a question /.
Ben Ginsberg will the United States Senate eventually confirm this guy to a full appointment /.
Yeah I think John Bolton is going to surprise people the UN /-
will that happen /?
Yes depending on the election results /.
Oh depending on /-
What do you mean /?
Well his term ends in January of oh seven /.
There are Senate elections in November of oh six /.
So if your party picks up seats he 'll get confirmed /?
Yeah when we pick up the five seats to give us filibuster proof /.
It will be easy /.
and without that John Bolton 's performance will do it /.
What a standard you 're setting /.
In other words if they get a veto uh uh uh what do you call it a filibuster proof majority /-
he will go up and get confirmed anyways because of the job he 's going to do /.
somebody said on one of the weekend shows I think they 're right if it were a secret vote John Bolton would n't carry the Republican caucus /.
and I think that 's absolutely right /.
And if it were an up or down vote he would have been confirmed because he had a majority of support in the Senate /.
Do you think he would carry the Republican caucus vote /?
Yes he had a majority of support on the cloture petitions /.
it was n't enough to get sixty /.
Are we going anywhere in this uh CIA investigation /?
Here 's the question I ask you /.
Will this end up in a simple report uh from Patrick Fitzgerald the investigator the prosecutor from Chicago /.
or will he end up with some really serious indictments Ben Ginsberg /?
I think we do n't know first of all /.
but no it does n't appear like right now that there are likely to be uh indictments certainly on the leak /.
but there is it seems a lot going on beneath the surface and certainly a lot of speculation uh going on in Washington /.
So you 're betting against perjury indictments /?
I would suspect no /.
Obstruction of justice indictments /.
But as I say there 's a lot going on /.
I do n't think it 's going to be perjury or obstruction if there are indictments at all /.
I think it 's pretty difficult to have an investigation of this length at this cost to put a New York Times uh reporter in jail for this length of time /.
Steve did n't they work for the secretary of agriculture for years and go for like three hundred years /.
and they never got anything on the guy /?
/.
Well they never put a reporter in jail for something /.
In fact it 's never happened before /.
/.
They got him with the basketball tickets /.
But she 's not talking /.
They do n't have a witness /.
Well they 've got plenty of witnesses /.
and they have got plenty of ammunition /.
What do you think charge- /-
Steve what 's the charge going to be /?
I think you 're going to see perjury or obstruction of justice because I frankly do n't think that on a technical specific intent crime like the one that was originally alleged they 're going to probably return an indictment because it 's a specific intent crime /.
But on obstruction and on perjury it looks like there 's plenty of room /.
Joe Wilson says that Karl Rove will be frog - walked out of the White House /.
uh uh he means in chains /.
Do you think that is going to happen /?
I think that 's unlikely /.
Unlikely /.
This investigation got so much scrutiny from the media when it started that if you were going to do a no prosecution in this case you would have to ask a huge number of questions just as the prosecutor is doing to be able to come up with that no prosecution /.
You know what I think /?
By the way /-
I think they 've got a huge paper trail /.
They 've been interviewing people interrogating them before a grand jury for months /.
They have so many potential contradictions /.
And having watched what this fellow uh Patrick Fitzgerald did in Chicago a week ago with the Daley administration where he took down the two top guys on patronage which most people would say is n't that what they do out there in Chicago , I think he 's serious business /.
I would look out for this guy if I were in the White House staff /.
Yeah and by the way I was commenting on the frog - walk /.
I think Karl Rove may have a real problem on his hands /.
I do n't think he 'll be frog - walked /.
I think if there 's any way the president can stand by his man he will but it 's going to get maybe a little bit more difficult for him to do that /.
Is anybody going to stay on the White House staff who has been indicted Ben /?
Once indicted /.
I think once you 're indicted it 's difficult to keep anyone on a White House staff /.
Do you think this is going to be the big second term booboo of this administration /?
Like they always seem to have one /.
this president has n't suffered one yet /.
Iran - Contra Watergate Monica they all seem to have a problem /.
uh uh you know Sherman Adams with Eisenhower the court packing by FDR /.
It 's almost automatic this second term problem /.
and if you look at the way they 've handled this publicly basically if they handled it within the grand jury the same way they handled it publicly by dissembling and misleading and in some cases maybe outright misrepresentation of the truth it seems pretty likely that it 's going to lead to some criminal activity because this guy is there to do a job and he 's not a partisan but he 's a very tough prosecutor /.
In fact he was originally uh an appointee of the president 's father /.
So this is not a Democratic witch hunt /.
it 's a very serious matter /.
and I think you know these guys may have some problems on their hand /.
Ben do you think /.
a lot of fights that have been going on last couple of days whether it 's the nomination to the United Nations of John Bolton the issue of the leak investigation if you write the history now ten years from now , what the real fight is about is the recriminations over whether we should have gone to war /.
and that is what the fight is about /.
Well I 'm not sure I agree with that /.
It seems to me the overlook story is the real accomplishments of the Congress bipartisan uh on Friday and in the past week /.
Yeah /.
You had energy /.
you had transportation /.
uh you 've had tort reform /.
you 've had bankruptcy bills /.
you got an economy that 's going along uh pretty well /.
This has been an era of achievement for the president /.
And I do n't think you 're going to be going back looking at this period in time uh in that lens yeah /.
As fail period /.
Uh I think the story of this administration especially this second term is arrogance and abuse of power /.
I mean basically anybody who gets in their way they knock down /.
As bad as FDR in the second term /?
Worse worse Chris way /-
As Clinton during Lewinsky /?
Well you know uh we 've learned that perjury is a problem for public officials /.
and we learned it from a matter as unusual as Clinton and Monica /.
But in fact Ben I think I sat on a lot of shows with you talking about that very subject /.
and you were singing a different tune then , were n't you /?
Okay we learned a lot tonight /.
You say John Bolton will be confirmed by the United States Senate within a year /?
Yes /.
Well no at the end when his term is up /.
You believe he will not be /?
In early two thousand seven because the Senate will be packed with Republicans by then /.
No because he 's going to do such a good job he 's going to deserve /-
Absolutely /.
And you believe there will be indictments coming out of this investigation of the CIA leak /?
Uh I think it 's more likely than not yeah /.
You think there wo n't be /?
I think that there wo n't be of White House staff /.
Okay thank you very much /.
I think the differences of opinion here /-
Thank you very much Ben Ginsberg Republican strategist Steve McMahon Democratic strategist he said breathlessly /.
Uh next a delegation of conservative this is so hot radio talk show hosts from around the country went to Iraq to oppose what they call the liberal media bias against that war /.
What 's really going on in Iraq /?
We 're going to hear from a radio talk show host who was there and an Iraq war veteran /.
they go to war /.
You 're watching Hardball only on MSNBC /.
Coming up , conservative radio talk show hosts say the media is missing the story in Iraq /.
That debate it 's a hot one when Hardball returns /.
Welcome back to Hardball /.
This is going to be great /.
Melanie Morgan is a radio talk show from San Francisco 's KSFL AM five seventy /.
She 's also chairwoman or chairman of Move America Forward /.
She recently returned from Iraq with a half dozen other conservative radio talk show hosts where they broadcast for a week in order to combat what she calls the mainstream media and liberals ' attempt to undermine the war effort with negative news /.
Also joining us right now is Paul Rieckhoff /.
He 's a veteran of the Iraq war and founder of Operation Truth dot org the nation 's first and largest advocacy group for Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans /.
I 'm going to start with Melanie just back ten days ago what did you smell over there /?
What did you see /?
Well first of all it was a hundred and twenty - five degrees in the shade in Iraq /.
Um and when you 're wearing like I was twenty - five pounds of body armor um and sweating through your clothes and trying to stay hydrated um in the middle of a sandstorm um where we were trapped on a couple of different occasions it was pretty grueling tough work and an assignment that made me have a tremendous appreciation of what our troops are going through on a day to day basis in Iraq /.
what did you get from the Iraqis /?
Do they like us /.
Do they dislike us /.
Are they neutral /?
Are they waiting to see who wins or what /?
I think that many of the Iraqis at least the ones with whom I spoke felt very strongly that they appreciated the American presence there /.
They are obviously extremely concerned about the level of violence that is coming from the insurgency /.
but there 's a reason for it /.
and you have n't heard this discussed in the mainstream media because nobody has brought it up /.
The reason why they are concerned is because they know that uh the constitutional referendum is terribly important /.
the insurgency made a strategic and tactical error by not disrupting the last election back in January /.
They know that it 's coming time around /.
But if those elections go successfully as the American military is hoping and planning for as well as the Iraqi army then we are going to start discussing the possibility of drawing down our troops /.
And that 's something that I learned and reported on while I was in Iraq /.
And it was n't until ten days later I finally started seeing something in the front pages of the daily newspapers /.
Paul you helped fight that war /.
your reaction to what Melanie just said /?
Well I think it 's great that some reporters are headed over there and trying to get a taste and a feel for what soldiers like me lived every day /.
And I was there for a year in Central Baghdad /.
And I saw the good the bad and everything in between /.
And I think reporters need to really continue to go outside their area of comfortability outside the Green Zone /.
But I think the reality is that Ms. Morgan like most reporters are really spoon - fed uh their experience there /.
they 're provided with DOD contractors or uh military security personnel /.
and what they get is a very narrow understanding of what the day to day life is /.
Not enough reporters are really going outside of that comfortability factor and going beyond that to try to experience what we as soliders experience /.
what makes you assume that I stayed inside the green zone /?
That 's another thing that you 've written about me that is a lie /.
That 's not what I said ma'am /.
What I said was that you did n't get out of your comfortbility zone /.
What you /-
If I could finish I 'll respond /.
I think that you were there for ten days /.
And I think you got your feet wet /.
and that 's nice /.
But then you back to your comfortable house in the civilian world /.
and the soliders stayed there /.
Excuse me Paul /.
I think if you really wanted a taste of that experience you could spend more time there /.
Excuse me Paul /.
I have spent thirty years as a correspondant /.
I was in Bejing when college students were being murdered /.
I covered their dead bodies /.
I have been to Beirut in nineteen eighty three /.
I 've seen the dead and American wounded /.
I have had a long and extensive career /.
So please do n't lecture me about my comfortability zone /.
let me go to Melanie /.
Melanie I want to get some reporting here an opportunity to report /.
When you talked to regular Iraqis what were they telling you /?
Did you get a sense /-
I know you could n't take a poll in ten days /.
but what were they saying about our presence /?
Many of the Iraqis were fearful because of the extraordinary level of IED improvised explosive devices that were going off and killing people /.
But here 's the fact of the matter /.
The day that I was there uh there were thirty - three young school children who were killed about six blocks away from where I was located because an American soldier had the audacity to hand them candy because we were at the same time passing out soccer balls um at orphanages /.
we talked to these people /.
They are grateful because we are feeding and helping to train these people to take over the responsibility for their government /.
and it 's a responsibility Chris that they are very eager to assume /.
Do you believe this is to me /-
I 'm not over there /.
I have n't been over there /.
The question I want to know is who is going to win this war based on fighting zeal /?
We saw as you described and everybody else knows for years the minority in that country were the bullies of that country /.
They ran it because they were good smart vicious bullies /.
How do we know that those bullies wo n't eventually grab control again the minute we leave Melanie /?
We have no idea what 's going to happen /.
I 'm not uh uh uh a psychic /.
I ca n't read the future /.
But what I can tell you is that when I talked to er the Iraqi general in charge of training troops over there he was telling us some very good news /.
There are sixty percent troop strength now /.
um in terms of where they are trying to attain a goal of a hundred percent readiness they 're at sixty percent /.
Um they 're making progress every day /.
and the fact of the matter is no matter how many times they are killed and blown up um by the insurgents , they come back and three times as many people joined that line at the Iraqi police recruiting station after the previous bomb explosion because they want to be invested in this country in their country /.
you can not breathe democracy at these people without them breathing it in inhaling it and enjoying and wanting it even more badly /.
The same question to you Paul /.
You know in the beginning of World War Two the worst thing that happened uh in the century uh uh the French army was bigger and more impressive than the German army /.
but the German army wanted to kill /.
It wanted to take land /.
it had revenge in its heart /.
It had that ferocity of the fighter /.
the French did not /.
They wanted the thing over with /.
they wanted the phony war to continue /.
Do you think the Shia who are the majority of the new government have that fighting hatred or whatever you want to call it the zeal to defeat bullies this time /.
or are we going to lose this fight /?
/.
You know I think that 's the bigger question /.
And the bigger question is are we winning or are we losing /?
Are we making more than we 're killing /?
And I think that 's the real question we have to answer /.
And day to day what I saw was that we were in the macro-perspective making more enemies than we 're killing /.
and this goes beyond Iraq /.
How are we doing that /?
What did you see /?
by our occupation and also by our bullying tactics by our failure to offer economic solutions and diplomatic solutions our failure to have enough interpreters on the ground our failure to provide a secure situation /.
we 've never had enough troops on the ground /.
And when I got to Baghdad at the outset we could n't provide overwhelming force to establish security /.
And we 've been playing catchup ever since /.
Should we have gone in not gone in or gone in with greater strength /?
Of those three options what are you more comfortable with /?
Go in not go in or go in with greater strength /.
Ah as a solider it was not up to me whether or not we went in /.
But it is now you 're a citizen /.
What should we have done /?
I went in /.
I w- /-
Right /.
I think when we went in there and when we committed to doing it we should have done it the right way /.
and Colin Powell called for overwhelming force /.
General Shinseki said we needed several hundred thousand of troops on the ground /.
and what we really need from the journalistic community and the administration is honest candor about where are we now and how long are we going to be there /?
And I think when Ms. Morgan she goes over there and cheerleads and really does n't provide an accurate analysis of the long term obstacles that we 're up against it 's disingenuous /.
Okay if you 're president last question Paul should we send more troops over there or bring them all back /?
What should we do /?
it depends on what you want to achieve /.
Well what do you want to achieve /?
But I think if we want to lock down a security situation it 's going to take more troops /.
More troops /.
And I think that 's a political /-
That is the conservative argument /.
and we hear that from a lot of people Bill Kristol John McCain /.
Yeah /.
and that 's a /-
A lot of people think uh Jon Kyl more troops /.
We 'll be right back with Paul Rieckhoff and Melanie Morgan /.
You 're watching Hardball only on MSNBC /.
We 're back with radio talk show host Melanie Morgan and Iraq war veteren Paul Rieckhoff /.
Melanie how do we get the straight scoop on what 's happening in Iraq because people tell me there 's only two ways to go over there as a journalist I think your experience confirms this you either go over there and stay in the green zone or that part uh uh which is very secure and it 's basically a compound or you go out with a unit as uh basically part of the unit an embedded reporter /.
You never really get to mix with the locals /.
Uh how do you do it to find out whether we 're actually winning the uh war over there /.
Well that 's exactly what I did /.
I went out um and visited with the troops /.
and I went outside of the green zone unlike uh Mr. Rieckhoff has accused me of doing /.
But outside that how do you get out there with the people /?
Well because you get out there with the troops /.
They take you in Humvees and in armored /-
Then you get out of the Humvees /.
and you hand out soccer balls /.
and you go to orphanages /.
and you talk uh and hold babies and talk with the people who are taking care of them /.
All of these things that fourteen members of our entourage did /-
But do people speak freely when there is a Humvee standing next to them /?
from Move America Forward /.
Because let me /-
Chris Chris /-
No /.
Chris uh let me just say one thing /.
Before Mr. Rieckhoff has written um that our group are a bunch of bigots idiots and propagandists /.
and that 's before he even cracked a sweat /.
Now I want to tell you that there is something very important a message that is very important that I wanted to articulate here /.
Our men and women are living and dying in ghastly conditions /.
Uh it 's hot a hundred and twenty - five degrees /.
They are making peace in sandstorms /.
They are doing their dead level best to make this policy that the Bush administration has put forth work /.
I think that as an American people the stories that I tell from Iraq and that our fellow talk show hosts told um eh uh hopefully will engender a little bit more patience and endurance by the American people /.
I think we owe our troops that /.
Let me ask you the same question Paul /.
How do you get the the true scoop over there if you 're always with the American troops /?
I mean do you ever get to talk to the Iraqis /?
Maybe it 's just a catch twenty - two /.
they 're too dangerous to deal with /.
But how do you get the story /?
the reality is you do n't /.
And I think Ms. Morgan is really insulting all the troops who 've been there to assume that by going for ten days and taking a few casual leisurely trips outside the Green Zone that she got a full taste of combat /.
I think the reality is much different /.
And if reporters really want to do some investigative reporting they can fly into Jordan and go unembedded /.
Now there is a chance they might get their head cut off /.
But that 's the reality that we face as soldiers every day /.
I think really the best way to do it is to talk to the troops coming home /.
We 're ready /.
we 're willing and able to come on your program and others and talk about our experiences and really try to educate the public about the reality of all sides of this conflict /.
Well guess what /.
that 's exactly what we did /.
We stuck a microphone in front of all of the troops /.
Ma'am you did /-
We stuck a microphone and let them talk directly to the people of the United States /.
You did it while they were on active duty /.
Ma'am you did while they were on active duty /.
Unfiltered by the main stream media that does n't have the guts /-
Are you going to yell over me the entire show /?
I 'm trying to respond to /-
Okay her turn first /.
Melanie your turn /.
Take a minute Melanie /.
Melanie make your point /.
I 'm sorry /.
No interruptions please Paul /.
give her a minute /.
What I want to say is that we took our microphones to the US troops /.
and if you think that what we heard from them are lies then you are accusing the troops of being liars because we did not filter or editorialize or in any way try to massage their message /.
They gave us the story as they see it /.
and if you do n't believe it then you are doing a disservice to your fellow troops /.
Ma'am uh uh go ahead /.
Oh let me go Paul before you start /.
What I keep doing here is asking people on and off camera who come on this program high - ranking officers enlisted uh former officers /.
Uh I get sometimes not all the time two different versions the version they give me on the air and the version they give me the minute when we 're off the air /.
The version they give me when we 're on the air is gung ho we 're doing the right thing , everything is moving along /.
The version they give me off the air is Rumsfeld is crazy there are n't enough troops over there we 're not taking this seriously enough or we should n't be there sometimes /.
It is n't always a straight scoop /-
/.
when you go on televsion with people because they want to be loyal to their units and their service /.
That 's exactly right /.
And Chris There 's no one more loyal to the troops than I am /.
I am still in the reserves /.
There 's a likelihood that I 'll go back while Ms. Morgan is back at her radio show /.
So what I really want to do is educate the public about the truth of what 's happening there /.
And I think the reality is that when people like her go over there there 's a public affairs officer standing right next to that young soldier /.
And he 's on active duty /.
and he wants to support the cause /.
And he ca n't speak freely /.
That 's a fact /.
A young blogger was just reprimanded last week because he was a little too candid /.
let me finish ma'am when they come home their cuffs /-
That 's not true /.
Both vehicles which are armored can house up to twenty five marines /.
This time there were fifteen inside the AAV /.
Fourteen died /.
and one civilian translator was also killed /.
Now this occured in basically the same area where six marines were killed yesterday in an ambush launched by insurgents /.
The six marines were snipers located on a roof looking for insurgents travelling down a smuggling route when they themselves were surrounded and killed by insurgent snipers /.
Now all of this violence has been located in an area known as the Euphrates river valley /.
This is the main smuggling route for insurgents from the Syrian border into central Iraq /.
There have been several marine operations in that area since May to try to shut down those smuggling routes /.
But today and yesterday 's attacks show that the insurgents are still very resilient /.
Chris /?
Thank you Mike /.
Now to politics /.
An Iraq war vet who called President Bush a chickenhawk and worse lost his bid to become a US congressman from Ohio last night /.
But it was close /.
and because it was in a heavily GOPed district it flashes a code red for Republicans /.
Hardball correspondent David Shuster reports /.
Tuesday night in an Ohio district President Bush carried by thirty points it was a victory for Rebuplican anti-abortion advocate Jean Schmidt /.
Well ladies and gentlemen we passed the test /.
But the GOP did not pass it by much /.
Schmidt won by only four percentage points over Democrat Paul Hackett /.
Hackett is a political newcomer and a veteran of the Iraq War /.
Knock off the crying /.
There 's nothing to cry about here /.
This was a success /.
This was the closest any Democratic congressional candidate has come to beating a Republican here in more than twenty years /.
And today the Cincinnati Inquirer called the narrow margin quote nothing short of astounding /.
The central issue was Iraq /.
Hackett a lawyer and a marine reservist who saw combat during a seven month tour bluntly bashed President Bush calling him quote a chickenhawk and worse quote a son of a bitch /.
Who says bring it on is a cheerleader for the insurgents /.
That 's dangerous /.
Schmidt a state lawmaker who believes schools should display the ten commandments urged voters to punish Hackett for his criticism of the president /.
And the national GOP poured in half a million dollars in anti-Hackett television ads /.
He supports raising social security taxes /.
The effort according to Republicans was to help Schmidt quote bury him /.
But it was an extremely shallow grave /.
And political analysts say the closer than expected outcome offers several lessons /.
First of all voters now appear to be more receptive to criticism of the administration 's approach to Iraq and skeptical of blanket support like Schmidt 's /.
We know that we 're on the right track in Iraq /.
and we need to stay the course /.
One analyst says that if the fourteen marines from Ohio killed today had been ambushed last week the election results might have been reversed /.
Secondly Schmidt 's close call may suggest that aligning with the administration on immigration and social security is precarious /.
And finally there is an advantage to campaigning as a political outsider /.
I 'm running because uh I actually want to go to Washington and fight for regular Americans /.
While campaigning Hackett repeatedly criticized the leadership of the Republican party and argued that power brokers including Tom DeLay must be replaced /.
When lawmakers come back in September though it is a Republican who will be joining them in Congress and a Democrat who will be staying home /.
The question is was the anti-war sentiment in Ohio 's second congressional district a national bell weather signalling things to come /?
I 'm David Shuster for Hardball in Washington /.
Joining me now is the winner of yesterday 's Ohio election Republican Congresswoman - elect Jean Schmidt /.
Congresswoman - elect thank you for coming on here on Hardball right away /.
Thank you so much /.
I 've been up forty eight hours which proves that uh I still have the stamina of a twenty year old /.
Well you 'll love being in the House of Representatives /.
As we 've been talking I worked up there for a long time /.
It 's a wonderful place /.
It 's a very /-
I should say Democratic with a lowercase d /.
it 's a very wonderful place to work /.
Let me ask you this /.
What did you make of your opponent Paul Hackett /?
Well /-
He was out there calling the president phrases /.
I 've never heard anybody call the President a son of a bitch /.
That 's quite a phrase /.
Uh he called him a chickenhawk /.
uh and he still got forty eight percent /.
Well well he did that with the national media eh when he was trying to paint himself in the Cincinnati based market /.
He was painting himself as a Republican /.
If you looked at his ad he aligned himself with the president because he caught on rather quick uh when he won the uh primary election and he had gone on a radio station and said uh that the worst threat to the United States was not Osama bin Laden but the President that uh people did n't like that /.
and so suddenly he decided to cloak himself as a supporter of the President in his tv ads /.
Let me ask you about the horror of the last couple of days in Iraq /.
A batallion based in Ohio the Buckeye State your state /-
Uh twenty people dead /.
Do you think this war is going to end up in a sense here at home much less popular say a year from now the way it 's going /?
Or where do you think it 's going in terms of public support /?
Well I think that the public /-
First off my heartfelt condolences to the families that have been left behind /.
I will continue to pray for them because I ca n't imagine what it 's like to wake up and realize that your loved one is never coming back /.
But uh I honor their sacrifice that these men and women have made because uh uh our freedom is not free /.
There is a cost to it /.
and uh we realized that when we woke up this morning /.
Having said that uh the people really want us to stay the course and finish the job /.
Uh we 've planted the seeds of democracy /.
and uh it would be irresponsible for us to leave now /.
The insurgents are trying to do this to whip the public sentiment into a frenzy uh to leave when it 's too soon so that they can once again take over uh that country /.
Uh we 're on the right track /.
We 're on the right course /.
I think that the finish line is in sight /.
We just have to stay the course /.
President Bush won your congressional district by a wide margin something like two to one /.
Could he do that today /?
I think he still could /.
If you look at the way my opponent uh painted himself in this election with his literature and his tv and radio commercials he wrapped himself around the President /.
The public in this very short election cycle was rather confused as to who the real Republican was /.
And once the mask was taken off uh and they realized that he was different uh then they uh were more solid in my camp /.
But uh with any short election and a very special election cycle I caution anybody to use this as a bell weather uh for uh where the Republican party is going in Ohio because uh very unique elections make outcomes uh very very different /.
Let 's take a look at something you said here on this program last week and see if you still think this way right now /.
They 're not solely focused on this war /.
Maybe the national media is /.
but the people right here in southern Ohio are talking about issues that affect them /.
They 're talking about having tax cuts that are permanent because they want to spend their own money they do n't want government to /.
Issues that affect them /.
Do you think that the loss uh of the twenty uh guys over there servicemen fighting for their country over in Iraq for their Ohio based unit is going to bring this war home to people /?
I do n't think it 's going to bring the war home anymore differently than the button that I wear on my uh lapel /.
And that 's for Matt Moppin the only missing soldier in Iraq /.
Uh the people in Ohio are very smart /.
They understand the sacrifices these men and women are making on our behalf /.
But they also want to talk about other issues issues like taxes and tax reform like a strong energy policy /.
Uh they want to talk about national issues including Iraq but also border patrol and border security /.
And yesterday as I stood outside the polls for thirteen hours uh I never heard people talking about the war /.
They talked about issues that were uh more important and more local to them /.
Okay /.
What 's your number one thing you 'd like to get done in the next year or so /?
My number one thing is to address the needs of the beautiful second congressional district /.
It 's very diverse /.
There are very many needs /.
Uh I want to follow Rob Portman 's style of uh continued leadership /.
uh and uh I 'm to do that and uh answer and address their needs in the same manner that Rob Portman did /.
But what 's the one specific thing you 'd like to do the one bill you 'd like to pass the only policy you 'd like to see enacted /?
There are two /.
Uh actually I 'd like to address sexual predators in a much better fashion /.
I 'd also like to address uh eminent domain /.
I think that there are bills already in place for that /.
and I 'd be proud to sign on and sponsor those bills /.
Okay thank you very much Jean Schmidt /.
Congratulations to a member of the United States House of Representatives as soon as she 's sworn in /.
When we come back what does the narrow Republican victory in Ohio mean for the President /?
And what does it say about the public support for the war right now /?
And later the congressional committee where baseball star Raphael Romero testified he was steroid free /.
We 'll investigate his positive steroid test /.
You 're watching Hardball at msnbc /.
Welcome back to Hardball /.
More on that congressional race in Ohio and what it means for the rest of the country /.
We 're joined right now by Ohio Democratic congressman Sherrod Brown and Ohio 's Republican Secretary of State Ken Blackwell who 's also a candidate for governor who is in fact a candidate for governor /.
Uh Mr. Secretary thank you very much Ken for coming on the show /.
You 're running for governor /.
Are you worried that this uh strongly Republican district uh barely came through for the Republican candidate against an anti-war Democrat /?
you know I think it was a wake - up call particularly for those Republicans that campaign like Ronald Reagan and then govern like Mike Dukakis /.
Uh what the base is saying is that we expect you to get up every morning and be who you say you are and do what you say you 're going to do /.
And I think that is a wake - up call /.
And if the Republican party uh grasps that then we will go about the business of reestablishing the line of distinction between Republicans and Democrats particularly on fiscal matters because the Democrats do n't represent change /.
they 're not saying they want to cut taxes and grow out our economy and create jobs /.
They 're not saying they want a right - sized government to make sure that we check runaway state government spending and put more emphasis on the private sector /.
So they do n't represent any change but the change of being from the outside to the inside /.
And so Republicans that are going to be successful next year are Republicans that show a real distinction between the status quo and getting our economy moving again by cutting taxes and right - sizing government /.
Okay let 's go to Sherrod Brown /.
Thank you congressman /.
uh I think the Secretary of State of your state seems like he 's trashing George Bush who 's running a half trillion dollar deficit for not being a real conservative /.
Yeah I look at who conservatives really are /.
what I always learned was that they wanted smaller government uh not no national debt and they wanted to stay out of foreign entanglements /.
and we 're seeing exactly the opposite /.
But what happened in southwest Ohio Secretary Blackwell 's right /.
it 's a wake - up call with a message /.
I do n't know what Mike Dukakis has to do with it /.
But the message clearly is that the ethical problems in Columbus the ties of this candidate that barely squeaked through this election when George Bush carried that district two to one and the former congressman carried it almost three to one the ties she had to Secretary Blackwell to Governor Taft to President Bush /-
President Bush made rowboat calls in to every Republican voter in that district /.
and she barely won /.
I think that 's the message that /-
What does that mean in Ohio /?
I would n't want to be on the ballot next year running for governor if I were Ken Blackwell or anyone else /.
Did you associate uh /-
I 'm not sure /-
not much internationally /.
Congressman do you associate with the remarks of uh Paul Hackett the fellow who lost the race last night who used terms like son of a bitch and chicken hawk /?
Do you think those are appropriate terms to refer to the President of the United States with /?
Well I think that uh Mr. Hackett /-
Considering he was in Iraq he did n't think the war was a good idea to begin with /.
He stood with his commander in chief /.
He has heard the President and the Vice President accuse uh people who disagree with his war policy like Paul Hackett /.
has accused them of not being patriotic /.
I think whatever Mr. Hackett said was understandable /.
But the issue is that Paul Hackett ran incredibly well when George Bush put his name on the line and Bob Taft put his name on the line in that district /.
And that tells you then the problems that both the national and state Republicans have /.
Okay let me go to Secretary of State Ken Blackwell /.
Mr. Secretary are you happy as a candidate for governor of Ohio with the way this war in Iraq has been fought by the United States /?
Are you happy with the progress and prosecution of this war /?
First Chris let me say that my heart aches for the twenty families that lost loved ones in the last forty eight hours /.
Uh Marines are from the state of Ohio /.
Uh what I am for is firm resolution and a strategy that will lead us to victory /.
I think the President , I think the Secretary of Defense and all others who are responsible for offering that sort of leadership in this country have those same objectives /.
And I think to try to undercut that resolve and to second - guess the Commander in Chief is a mistake /.
Let me just say to you Chris that what I said was that Ronald Reagan and George Bush cut taxes and they started to restrain state government spending /.
What has happened in the state of Ohio is that Bob Taft has increased spending and he has in fact raised taxes /.
And I think that anybody that runs on a tax raising runaway spending platform is going to lose because they 're going to undercut our base /.
And let me say to the congressman that the Oversight Committee of the Bureau of Worker 's Comp where all the scandal is taking place has five members /.
Two of those members are Democrats /.
two are Republicans /.
and one is an independent /.
You know who one of the Democrats is /?
It is Bill Berger who excuse me is the president of the Ohio uh AFL - CIO /.
He is a member of the DNC /.
He is a member of the Ohio Democratic Party /.
This is a bipartisan scandal that 's going to take responsible and bipartisan leadership to get involved /.
And I think the first step to getting towards the bottom of the scandal in Columbus is to have guys like Bill Berger resign /.
Okay thank you very much /.
Ken Blackwell Secretary of State of Ohio and US congressman Sherrod Brown of Ohio /.
When we come back for the Washington Post Mike Gowan will be here to tell us about his visit to Gitmo /.
He 's just been to Guantanamo /.
He 's going to tell us what it smells like down there /.
And later in the program former slugger Jose Conseco speaks up about steroids and baseball /.
This is Hardball only at msnbc /.
Welcome back to Hardball /.
With several Republican senators pushing to regulate the military 's treatment of detainees the Pentagon has launched a major PR offensive and is inviting US congressmen to spend a day touring the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay /.
Washington Post reporter Mike Gowan visited Gitmo with a congressional delegation this Monday and is writing about the experience for tomorrow 's paper /.
Mike I want you to give me the kind of report you give to your mother your friends /.
I want the richness the smell the color the whole thing /.
What is it like down in Guantanamo for our guys watching those prisoners and interrogating them /?
What 's it like for the prisoners /?
Well for the prisoners uh I ca n't really tell you /.
We saw a very sanitized version of it /.
Um I went down with five lawmakers /.
They spent six hours on the ground at Gitmo /.
And then we saw the lawmakers from a distance /.
Uh eh we /-
That 's inappropriate maybe /.
They saw the prisoners from a distance /.
Uh uh one of the things that they got to do was uh they visited an exercise cage with a concrete floor chain link uh walls and ceilings /.
Through the distance you could see like one uh detainee as they call it /.
There was a soccer ball there /.
Uh they sort of get um uh a feel for what uh recreation 's like /.
Now we 're told that they do that for an hour everyday /.
Uh we come back /.
we ask the defense lawyers /.
They say yes but that hour comes at night uh when it 's dark and they ca n't see uh anything /.
But as you suggested there 's a bunch of these tours /.
There have been more than fifty in the last three months more than thirty in the last months /.
Uh that 's such a regular thing down there now that we went into the maximum security unit and one of the doors was open /.
And I 'm like why 's the door open /?
And you walk up to it /.
and there 's a sign on it that says tour cell /. /.
So they 're used to uh having people come through /.
You go into a sample cell where they have the prisoners ' uh basic items comfort items laid out /.
and hanging off the wall there 's a book /.
and it says the Holy Koran /.
So the idea is to show uh lawmakers the better part of what 's happening there /.
Each of the guides pointed out to us the black uh arrows that you see everywhere are showing where Mecca is /.
They point out to us that five times a day uh the pipe call to prayer is piped in /.
They 're free to join no matter what else uh they 're doing /.
what did you want to see that you could n't Mike /?
Well I would have liked to have seen a detainee as they 're called /.
Um uh we did n't talk to any detainees /.
The uh congressmen uh who had security clearances did see a brief uh interrogation /.
and uh the military said it was authentic /.
Uh basically it was an inmate who was arguing that he wanted to uh get back /-
He fought or something /.
He 'd been moved into one of the stiffer uh areas /.
and he was arguing to get back into the lower ones /.
But they make a big deal about how much negotiating is been doing /.
They say they use a lot of positive reinforcements /.
Offer these guys pizza , offer these guys ice cream um in return for information /.
Now what the congressmen are asking after three years , how much really useful information do these guys have /?
And that 's one of the problems /.
a new general Jay Hood who 's down there clearly wants to shape this place up /.
Does n't want an Abu Ghraib on his hands /.
There are cameras everywhere /.
The command staff works inside the wire /.
But a separate question beyond the guys who are working down there is what 's going to be done with these people /?
And uh the military will admit to you at the moment it looks like the five hundred people that are currently there are going to be there indefinitely and they do n't have any charges against them /.
Okay thank you very much Mike Gowan of the Washington Post /.
Up next is it time for Congress to step in and straighten out steroid use in professional baseball /?
How about getting rid of it /?
This is Hardball only on msnbc /.
Good evening everyone /.
I 'm Collette Cassidy /.
Here 's what 's happening /.
Fourteen US marines were killed when their vehicle hit a roadside bomb near Haditha in western Iraq /.
It is the deadliest such attack yet on American forces /.
All fourteen marines were from the same reserve unit based near Cleveland Ohio /.
Another six marines from that same unit were killed in an ambush in Haditha on Monday /.
Discovery astronaut Steven Robinson easily removed two worrisome pieces of gap filler material from under the shuttle /.
There was concern it could lead to a repeat of the Columbia disaster during re-entry /.
Meantime @NASA says it may decide by tomorrow whether another space walk will be needed to fix torn thermal blanket that blew a cockpit window /.
There 's a concern it could also pose a danger during re-entry /.
And Martha Stewart 's release from home confinement and her electronic ankle bracelet has now been delayed three weeks until the end of the month /.
That 's after she reportedly showed up at a yoga class near her estate north of New York City /.
Those are your headlines /.
I 'm Collette Cassidy /.
Now back to Hardball /.
Welcome back to Hardball /.
Back in March some of baseball 's most well known superstars were called to Congress to testify on steroid use in major league baseball /.
One of those in the hot seat denying he ever used steroids was Rafael Palmeiro of the Baltimore Orioles /.
My name is Rafael Palmeiro /.
and I am a professional baseball player /.
I will be brief in my remarks today /.
Let me start by telling you this I have never used steroids period /.
I do not know how to say it any more clearly than that /.
Never /.
Major league baseball does n't agree /.
The league suspended Palmeiro for ten days this week for flunking a drug test /.
The New York Times today reported he had a potent steroid in his system . The same that caused Canadian sprinter Ben Johnson to lose his Olympic gold medal back in eighty - eight /.
Yesterday on Hardball former major leaguer Jose Conseco who wrote about injecting Palmeiro with steroids in his book Juiced responded to his suspension /.
You have to be careful now because uh the extensions may be too extreme /.
For example if Palmeiro is abiding by the rules , if Palmeiro is not using steroids right now and a metabolyte has been found in his system he 's found guilty which makes no sense /.
But that 's his fault /.
A lot of the players /-
is n't that his fault Jose if he said he never ever used steroids then he tests positive . And then he says oh that 's from a previous drug use /.
That 's his contradiction that he created , is n't it /?
Well it 's a contradiction on one subject matter /.
On one time frame and not on another /.
There are going to be many athletes who uh once this drug testing program was instituted are going to be found uh guilty /.
Uh their urine sample is going to come out positive because there will be strong metabolytes /.
But why do n't they just say I used /-
But that does n't mean they 're not abiding by the rules /.
Okay I do n't want to interrupt you Dan /.
but why do n't they admit they broke the rules before so the new drug test will be found to be positive because of previous use /.
then they wo n't be nailed again /?
It 's very simple /.
They do n't have enough information enough knowledge on how long a metabolyte lasts in an athlete 's system /.
Well now the House uh Government Reform Committee which held those hearings back in March is requesting from Major League Baseball the documents relating to Palmeiro 's drug test /.
They want the drug test results on paper /.
And Palmeiro says he will cooperate with the committee /.
Congressman Steven Lynch of Massachusetts is a member of the committee and is now with us from Boston /.
Congressman Lynch are you uh uh /-
uh you want to get a hold of those documents those drug test results right from Palmeiro /?
Certainly uh it would answer the question that Mr. Canseco has raised about how long uh it was in his system and whether or not it was from a residual use /.
What difference does it make whether he lied before and was using before and is found out now or he 's been using lately /?
Well if he was using steroids during his testimony or prior to his testimony obviously he has committed perjury and has tried to mislead the Congress in an ongoing investigation /.
So uh it has uh a lot to do about what happens next /.
Would you like to see him charged with perjury uh if there 's evidence now hard evidence to a drug test that he was in fact using steroids back then before the testimony /?
Because there 's only two options here as you point out /.
and you elucidate this /.
If he 's used the drugs and never used them before since the hearings that 's almost insane to think he did that /.
Yeah /.
So uh his defense or the defense that Canseco offered on this show last night was that he may have used them a while ago in other words before he testified that he never had , therefore he 's guilty of perjury /.
Right /.
I 'm not sure if Canseco is just offering his opinion uh uh /.
Certainly Palmeiro never contested the positive result on the test /.
Uh so we have n't actually got him in /.
He 's agreed today verbally to release all the documents /.
However I believe that the committee needs to get a similar release from the union because the confidentiality agreement is part of a collective bargaining agreement /.
so we need to go to that step as well /.
Yeah but assuming you get by that step do you think this guy should be hit with a perjury charge /?
Well if he meets the requirements yes /.
We 're trying to protect the process /.
When people come before Congress and they are sworn to testify truthfully there has to be consequences when they do not do so /.
So this is about the integrity of the congressional process /.
This is not about going after Mr. Palmeiro /.
We had Ray Garibaldi on last night who lost his son to uh steroid use /.
He 's an athlete /.
He was trying to make it as a young man /.
He was using steroids to get ahead in that uh baseball career /.
Uh there are a lot of young people out there now watching this program right now probably who may be in their eighteen year old era from eighteen to twenty one /.
They 're thinking about how they can break into the big leagues /.
is this ten day suspension enough to turn them off to drugs /?
It 's really a joke if you think about it /.
and if a non-athlete a non-celebrity is uh convicted of simple possession of a schedule three substance like these steroids uh there 's a potential for a year in jail /.
eh in this case Palmeiro 's looking at a ten day suspension /.
He still makes over two point eight million dollars a year /.
Uh He 's uh rumored to be considered for the Hall of Fame /.
So uh the penalty in baseball is really an incentive uh to take the chance /.
I mean there 's very little consequences uh other than his reputation of course for Mr. Palmeiro /.
You 're not at all prejudiced being a Sox fan , are you here /?
/.
I 'm serious /.
Well /.
I mean you might be tougher on him /-
I 'll take the /- /.
Would you be just as tough on a Sox player /?
Oh of course of course /.
Let 's take a look at something that Jose Canseco said here last night /.
I want people to understand /.
I said this many times /.
My attack was never on these athletes /.
Uh I respect these athletes greatly /.
What I needed was one of these athletes who I name in the actual book who are well known uh individuals to come forth and say you know what Jose 's saying is one hundred percent true /.
Um my major attack and my only attack was on Major League Baseball and the Player 's Association because I think that they ought to be you know exploited and found out for uh the corrupt methods they use for letting steroids in the game for endorsing steroids in the game of baseball /.
And all of a sudden you know Bud Segal says I do n't know anything about it /.
I never say anything /.
That 's ridiculous /.
It 's the biggest ongoing joke on the planet right now /.
Congressman Lynch you 're concerned about the rights of labor and collective bargaining agreements /.
And certainly many of us are here as well in this country generally /.
And uh so I respect you /.
so let me ask you this though /.
Do you think the unions have done the job here /?
Is it fair to say that Canseco 's got it right by saying the Player 's Association has not been aggressive in getting rid of steroids /?
Well I do n't think it 's a union problem /.
Why not a union /-
/.
Why is n't it a union problem /?
Well well /-
If they 're protecting the players ' rights and saying they should n't be tested /.
You watch those lawyers in your committee /.
they were all over the place trying to defend eh the players /.
Hey I 'm a former union president myself and also an attorney that represented a lot of unions /.
I always thought a very strong anti-drug policy was a good thing for my union members /.
This is one case where they have turned a blind eye to what 's going on in professional sports /.
But that 's not the typical position of unions /.
No /.
They usually want a strong anti-drug policy to make a better workforce /.
Well of course it 's also for safety reasons at the workplace /.
But let 's get back to MLB Major League Baseball /.
do you believe the whole major league uh establishment has been benefitting from all these homeruns all these years and big muscles that produce these homeruns /?
Absolutely /.
Following the strike I think the thing that brought people back to baseball was the big homerun contest between Sosa and Maguire eh . and in a very real way steroid use /.
if those two gentlemen uh you know were guilty of it and there 's some evidence that they were uh they put people back into the seats /.
So baseball is benefitting by the performance enhancement of the individual players which makes it even more troublesome in terms of eradicating steroid use /.
Congressman when you and I were growing up in the fifties and sixties baseball players were skinny wiry guys /.
They weighed under two hundred pounds /.
Do you think it was drug use or weight training that got them so strong and big /?
I think that it 's a combination of both /.
I think that there 's some steroid use out there now /.
I think we probably have it moving in the right direction /.
And I think if we come up with serious penalties like the International Olympic Commission has that uh we can do this /.
I know that Tom Davis uh a Republican from Virginia and Henry Waxman from California have the Clean Sports Act that we 're trying to get put through Congress /.
Yeah /.
so I think this may help us this recent revelation uh about a player who had everything to lose but who still apparently put steroids in his body /.
You know he had the Hall of Fame and the three thousand hits and the endorsements and uh really the respect and admiration of the entire country /.
Okay /.
Is Rafael Palmeiro in trouble with your committee sir /?
He may be /.
I think it 's too early to say /.
Okay /.
Thank you very much Congressman Steven Lynch Democrat of Massachusetts /.
Coming up , a new gallop poll shows a big lead for both John McCain and Rudy Giuliani in presidential matchups with guess who Hillary Rodham Clinton /.
Hardball only on msnbc /.
Welcome back to Hardball /.
Fourteen American troops were killed today in Iraq when a roadside bomb ripped through their lightly armored vehicle /.
And earlier today President Bush again rejected calls for a timetable for withdrawal of US troops from Iraq /.
The violence in recent days in Iraq is a grim reminder of the enemies we face /.
These terrorists and insurgents will use brutal tactics because they 're trying to shake the will of the United States of America /.
That 's what they 're trying to do /.
They want us to retreat /.
They want us in our compassion for the innocent say we 're through /.
That 's what they want /.
They will fail /.
Democratic political strategist Bob Shrum is now a senior fellow at New York University 's Graduate School in Public Service /.
Ed Rogers is a Republican political consultant who served in the first Bush White House /.
What do you make of that Ed the president 's speech today /?
Because everywhere in Washington we 're hearing that although there 's not a timetable set that we are beginning to be pull out our troops come next spring after the elections over there /.
Well you 're hearing that in bits and pieces /.
and you can believe that /.
or you can believe what the president said that he wo n't be shaken , his resolve is there and there is no timetable /.
From a top general /.
And you got to think that 's right /.
There is no timetable /.
Uh and if we were to telegraph that it would only be encouragement /.
it would only be aiding the people who want us to get out and the terrorists and the killers uh that want us to leave /.
It 's not exactly inconsistent /.
Bob Shrum the President did not shoot down the notion that we 're going to begin to remove large numbers of troops back home after the elections last year /.
How do you read what he 's saying /?
Well they 're two - timing this timetable issue /.
The fact is that we have major generals who are sending out the very signals that Ed says we ca n't afford to send out because there 's so much dissatisfaction in the country for the course of the war /.
The answer to failure is not to perpetuate it /.
And either the Iraqis as Senator Biden has said , as Senator Kerry has said are going to get the capacity in a serious way to defend themselves or they 're not /.
And if they do n't we ca n't have an indefinite American presence in Iraq /.
It wo n't work /.
and the country wo n't accept it /.
Let me ask you about this election we just had /.
Yeah /.
Eh we all love bi-elections because we try to find something in the tea leaves /.
Right /.
Fifty - two forty - eight the Republican won in a Republican district narrower victory than usual /.
But what 's interesting is this guy Paul Hackett who was on this show last week used the most amazing language in describing the President of the United States /.
He called him I do n't use this phrase often son of a bitch /.
I understand /.
He called him a chickenhawk /.
We know what that means /.
And he still got forty - eight percent /.
Ed Rogers /.
Well there was a lot about this race that was an aberration /.
He was a good articulate candidate /.
He used some harsh language that I would disagree with /.
but nonetheless he had a legitimate point of view /.
and he was the darling of the media and of the left /.
He had a lot of resources in a special election where there was turnout that was less than half of what would normally turn out in a normal election in a regularly scheduled election /.
And the Democrats should n't take too much comfort in an election where they just got beat versus an election where they got slaughtered /.
So /-
Bob Shrum what do you make of this /?
/.
That was a nice piece of spin Ed /.
but the fact is that /-
But it was all true /.
But the /-
It was a nice piece of spin /.
Right /.
And the fact is that district is normally won by Republicans by forty points /.
They won by four points /.
If you see that kind of shift or anything approaching that next year or something much less than that you 're going to see nineteen ninety four in reverse /.
And what I think it really reflects is not any language that Paul Hackett used /-
/.
He might have actually done better had he not said some of those things /.
What it really reflects is dissatisfaction with the war a failed privatization plan on social security and a sense that the President has put no priority on healthcare and education /.
And I think people want some action on those things /.
Let 's talk Republicans /.
I love the new gallop poll /.
It just came out today /.
It shows that Rudy Giuliani has got a sixty four percent favor in this environment when everybody 's tough on politicians /.
and McCain 's down at fifty one /.
But you know I want to ask you /.
I 've been pushing this /.
Maybe I feel like I 'm campaign - managing for Giuliani /.
Maybe you should be /.
No I 'm just telling you he is the best speaker in the country today now that Jesse Jackson 's not active /.
He 's the best orator in the country /.
And I think he looks great /.
What do you think Ed /?
Hey and he 's a Republican /.
and if he runs he 's going to be a contender /.
You know Republicans are very +hierarchial /.
We tend to nominate a frontrunner /.
And right now I think by any standard McCain is a frontrunner /.
And behind him /-
Not in most polls /.
Most polls show Giuliani at number one /.
/.
Okay okay well give or take /.
Yeah /.
Uh but nonetheless he would be a contender for our nomination no question /.
He would ultimately have some ideological problems /.
but right now yeah he is /.
he 's a frontrunner /.
/.
Bob you 're laughing because you know he has them /.
But parties that are in trouble and need to win and if Hillary 's the nominee , they 're going to need to win , they 're going to need the strongest possible opponent wo n't they resort to a Giuliani /?
No look he can be a contender /.
He ca n't be the nominee /.
And I 'll tell you one thing /.
Ed Rogers is n't going to run his campaign /.
so you might as well Chris /.
/.
Uh this is somebody who is explicitly pro-choice who has been for gay rights who while you might diasgree with him on a whole set of other issues on those issues is more like a Democrat than a Republican /.
And the fact of the matter is that when the right wing of the Republican party takes a look at him and takes a look at his positions on values issues they 're going to reject him /.
They do n't want him appointing /-
What happened in fifty /-
They do n't want him appointing /-
I hate to be an old man here /.
but in nineteen fifty - two the Republicans looked at probable defeat /.
They thought they were going to run against maybe Truman again /.
They did n't know by then /.
They ran Dwight Eisenhower /.
They ran a moderate /.
How do you know the Republicans wo n't be smart enough to do the same thing to beat Hillary /?
we were n't a country fractured along these social issues in the way that we are now /.
Look at what 's happening this weekend /.
Bill Frist because he 's changed his position on stem cell research has been disinvited by the Family Research Council to what they 're calling their Second Justice Sunday /.
Instead they 're going to have Tom DeLay /.
I mean you have a Republican party where certain lines just are n't going to be crossed /.
And I do n't believe a pro-choice and even mildly pro-gay - rights candidate can be nominated by the Republicans /.
I know better than to try to forecast a race three years out particularly in the primaries the Republican primaries /.
However I am a Republican that tends to underestimate Hillary Clinton /.
We know what a winning Democrat nominee looks like /.
It looks like Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton /.
It does n't look like a liberal senator from New York /.
Okay we 're going to go back and look at Hillary 's numbers which I find fascinating /.
They 're probably bad news for Hillary supporters /.
We 'll be right back with Ed Rogers and Bob Shrum /.
Stay with us /.
When we return , could there be a unity ticket in the presidential race of two thousand eight /?
We 've a little buzz about that today /.
This is Hardball only on msnbc /.
We 're back with Republican strategist Ed Rogers and Harball political analyst Bob Shrum /.
Let 's look at these Hillary numbers /.
I find them fascinating /.
Favorability fifty three percent in our latest gallop poll /.
Unfavorable forty - three /.
In other words she starts the race Bob with a pretty high negative /.
Oh yeah but I think for her to have a ten point advantage favorable unfavorable and the fact that she 's running a race with McCain and is as close as she is in this poll I think it 's fifty forty - five tells you that she 's actually a strong candidate /.
Now I do n't think that she probably appreciates Ed Rogers ' quasi-endorsement /.
/.
it kind of reminds of when /-
/.
It kind of reminds me of when John McCain said to me in two thousand please stop saying nice things about me /.
it 's hurting me in the Republican primaries /.
Right /.
Uh but I uh /-
/.
Do you think she 's the strongest Democratic candidate for two thousand and eight Bob Shrum /?
I think we do n't know the answer to that yet /.
But I know this that and you 'll remember this Chris there were a lot of people in the Carter campaign in nineteen eighty who when they thought Ronald Reagan was going to be the nominee were popping champagne corks because they thought he was easy to beat /.
I know /.
The truth is he was n't easy to beat /.
She is a tough smart resourceful politician with a sense of where she 'd like to take the country /.
And I think she 'd be a very strong candidate /.
Ed Rogers do you think Hillary Clinton could take uh the beefier uh industrial states where the men have votes and guns and tend to like traditional women like Michigan like Illinois like Pennsylvania /?
Yeah /.
Do you think they would like Hillary Clinton the cut of her jib out there /?
I ca n't think of a red state that is threatened /.
I mean some of the blue states I 'm talking about /.
Eh uh probably not /.
I mean she would have a headwind in this campaign /.
Again uh we know what a winning Democrat nominee looks like /.
and it does n't look like a liberal senator from the northeast /.
You know I just wonder whether the same people that /-
Bob the same people that vote for John Dingle in Michigan do you think are going to vote for Hillary Clinton /?
No /.
Oh if we have the situation we have on the war , if our foreign policy disarray if no progress is being made on healthcare and education I think a lot of those red states could become blue states /.
Oh okay well that helps everybody right yeah /.
If things go as bad /-
Well if this war continues as it 's going Peewee Herman could win /.
I mean you make your point Bob /.
Let 's take a look /.
No /.
Here 's Senator Joe Biden last night on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart /.
We 're talking about a possible unity ticket here /.
John McCain is a personal friend a great friend /.
and I would be honored to run with or against John McCain because I think the country uh would be well off no matter who /-
And I mean /-
did I hear with /?
You know um uh John McCain uh and I think uh /-
Do n't become cottage cheese my friend /.
say it /.
The answer 's yes /.
Uh I wanted John to run with uh John Kerry last time out /.
And I uh asked him to do that /.
Boy I would love to see politics be shaken up in a way that just completely blew out the ramparts of partisanship /.
that would just be a wonderful situation /.
I do n't know if The Daily Show is calling the shots Bob Shrum /.
but do you think that 's even possible the idea of a fusion ticket between uh Biden and McCain /?
what would Ed and I do if they blew up the ramparts of partisanship /?
/.
Well I do n't know /.
but the country might do better /.
we know it /.
be over /.
It 's not going to happen /.
there are real differences between the parties here /.
There are real differences on some big issues /.
That 's right /.
And you notice Joe Biden would like John McCain to run with him /.
I think John McCain 's running for president in the Republican Party /.
Yes /.
And I do n't think he 's going to pick Joe Biden as his vice-presidential nominee if he gets nominated /.
and I do n't think the convention would go along with him /.
Let me ask you Ed since you 're the Republican of this duo do you think your party will become pragmatic when it becomes closer and closer to the prospect of not only confronting Hillary Clinton in the general election in two thousand eight but possibly losing to her /?
Will your party straighten up and say damn it we have to drop some of our ideological baggage /.
we 've got to run the best possible candidate /?
You know uh in February and March of two thousand and eight pragmatism and a collective calculus on behalf of Republican primary voters will not be what carries the day /.
I mean our voters will probably go with a stylistical contrast to Bush somewhat /.
Voters usually do /.
Sure a little change /.
We tend to nominate a front runner /.
So a front runner in our party has to really falter before we 'll go back into the pack /.
But is there going to be some sort of collective calculus /?
Whose turn is it /?
$Whose turn for is it party /?
No /.
Is it McCain 's turn having lost last time or not /?
Historically speaking yes /.
If he were to tend to it , if he were to listen to his advisors and try he would be hard to beat /.
Right /.
Is he the hardest uh Republican candidate for the Democrats to beat Bob McCain /?
Uh well I think everything /-
You know to be honest I think he /-
To be honest I think he probably is /.
but of course my saying it may in fact convey the opposite impression to people /.
People may think I 'm trying to convey the opposite impression /.
Ah he 's /-
But you 're a professor now Bob /.
Bob you 're a professor /.
They believe you as a professor /.
/.
You speak from the academic chair now /.
By the way what is it the Shrum chair /?
/.
/.
What do you call your /-
He was charged with public intoxication and resisting arrest /.
Police are facing more rowdy behavior as New Orleans ' nightlife makes a comeback /.
But officials said the force used in this arrest was not appropriate /.
There is no excuse for officers not maintaining the high standards of this agency and serving this public /.
New Orleans police have already lost their superintendent been accused of looting and seen two colleagues take their own lives during Katrina stress that surfaced when this officer grabbed a producer from Associated Press television who caught the arrest on tape /.
Some say they now fear a racial backlash because Davis the suspect was black and the officers appear white mistrust that may threaten the fragile recovery in a town that has already been through enough /.
That was Carl Kitnea /.
The three police officers in those pictures Lance Schilling uh and Robert Evangelist who subdued Davis and SE Smith who allegedly grabbed the AP uh producer were in municipal court today /.
They pled not guilty to simple battery charges which is a misdemeanor trial set for January eleventh /.
The officers are out on bond /.
Before we talk to the New Orleans police let me say we are getting late breaking word from the attorney uh for the man on that tape now saying his client was not even drinking that night /.
Captain Marlon Defillo spokesman for the New Orleans police department joins me uh now by phone /.
Captain I 'm sorry we keep having to talk under these kinds of circumstances /.
Let me ask you first specifically about the tape /.
You 've seen the tape /.
it looks horrible /.
What do you make of it /?
Well the tape is troubling /.
You know when this was brought on yesterday morning uh the superintendent who was out of town uh assembled his senior managers including myself /.
We had gone to see the tape /.
and of course the tape was troubling to the point where we believe that the officers involved uh uh used more than was necessary /.
Uh clearly we believe that Davis was resisting /.
However we believe that the force used by the officers was not acceptable based on department policy as well as the training that we give police officers /.
Um and I should say you 're on a cell phone so we 're having a little trouble /.
uh if we continue to have this we 'll have you call back /.
But uh Captain is it fair to ask the question are some on the police department kind of losing it /?
I mean even when I was down there I saw the kinds of hours uh that people were working etcetera /.
and I know that the goal was to give a lot of people some time off uh right after this happened in order to allow them to get their wits back to be able to relax a little bit /.
But you know you look at this guy you know punching the one guy grabbing the AP producer you know /.
these three at least give you the sense that some on the force are kind of losing it /.
Well I certainly do n't want to uh any kind of excuse the officers involved /.
but you know police officers have been working for the last six weeks uh under some very challenging times /.
Uh but let me just say we have more than two thousand employees on the police department and certainly the incident that occured on Saturday night uh does not reflect the vast majority of the hard working men and women of this department /.
But um just so we 're clear you are not defending the actions of those police officers , correct /?
No I 'm not /.
otherwise I would n't have suspended them and have them charged with battery /.
So no /.
but clearly the police department /-
When this was brought to our attention um uh quick and decisive action was taken /.
And I think that 's very important for the public that 's listening to this or looking at this newscast that uh question answered that once these types of issues are brought to the attention of the administration what is the administration going to do /?
And certainly um we have a zero tolerance for this type of behavior /.
and when something of this magnitude occurs we 're going to take the appropriate action /.
and it 's going to be swift and decisive and effective /.
Captain final question /.
the attorney for that man is saying he was n't even drinking uh that night /.
You know anything about that /?
No that 's the first I 've heard of that /.
And again um everyone will have their day in court /.
You know the officers are going to have their day in court /.
Mr. Davis is going to have his day in court /.
and let me just go on to say how serious this department is about discipline /.
the uh Associated Press producer did not want to press charges /.
Uh the police department decided that we 're going to pursue charges on the behalf of /.
so uh that 's how serious we are about making sure that our officers do the right thing /.
And let me also add that you know there 's not a police department in America that 's not having personnel problems /.
The question is again once you find you have problem personnel what do you do with them /?
do you uh /.
or do you deal with issues /?
And we dealt with those issues /.
Well look it is good to see uh that we 're not hearing what we sometimes hear in these kinds of cases which is well you know you got to understand the circumstances and the tape is n't showing everything /.
Basically you 're saying look we took action /.
it was unacceptable /.
Captain Defillo thanks a lot for coming on the prorgram /.
You 're welcome /.
thank you /.
Eddie Jordan Jr. is the New Orleans district attorney /.
Victoria Habathee is a psychologist who 's been counseling law enforcement for the past twenty years /.
and Joe Tackapena is the uh famed criminal defense attorney who 's represented police officers in brutality uh cases /.
Alright um District Attorney Jordan let me start with you /.
Is your office also investigating this /?
Uh indeed my office is investigating this matter /.
Uh we just opened our investigation today when we learned about uh this very unfortunate incident /.
Um and how does it work /?
I mean they 've been charged in a municipal court /.
Are you bascially you know like /-
you guys are effectively the big boys compared to municipal court /.
Is it possible that you would simply take over say this is too serious /.
it 's too important /.
my office is going to handle it /?
Uh that is a distinct possibility /.
Uh we will conduct our own investigation /.
and if we determine that state charges are more appropriate uh then we will ask the city attorney to defer to the district attorney 's office /.
you think it 's fair do n't you Mr. District Attorney to look at this tape and be horrified /?
Oh I do n't think there 's any question about this /.
Uh uh this footage that we 've seen is unconscionable /.
and it certainly demands some explanation /.
Um let me read uh this quote as I go to Victoria Habathee /.
this is from uh Dr. Howard Osofsky from LSU medical school /.
There is no disaster that has had the amount of trauma for a department that this has where so many police officers have lost homes been separated from their families had loved ones living in other places with no idea uh when they will return /.
Uh actually first let me go to Joe Tackapena on that /.
Joe is that a legal defense meaning could these guys come into court and say we were so traumatized by everything that happened that it eventually led to this /?
Yes Dan quite frankly it is /.
I mean it 'd be unusual in a plea um sort of defense when you 're defending cops because normally their mental health is not in question /.
But in this instance it could be a defense /.
and more importantly as a trial lawyer what it would really be called is jury nullification /.
What you 're seeing on this tape is a black eye /.
There 's really no excuse for it /.
Um it was unjustified by any training manual across the country /.
but what I just heard from that doctor from LSU and what the fact of the matter is is that these cops were working you know twenty four hour shifts some of them sleeping in their cars being displaced /.
three quarters of them lost their homes /.
half of them do n't know where their families are /.
The level of trauma /-
And look that guy who approached the AP uh newsman clearly had lost it period end of story because you heard it /.
And he was just basically saying I 'm trying to keep alive go home /.
Uh he had clearly at that point lost it /.
and these are cops who literally slept in their car for twenty four hour shifts /.
here 's some of what we 've seen from New Orleans police since hurricane Katrina /.
These guys stayed /.
Two officers um committed suicide /.
two hundred and forty nine investigated for leaving their posts without permission /.
twelve officers investigated for looting or condoning looting /.
and uh you have this /.
And also some dead Dan /.
there are uncounted officers that are dead /.
They 're missing about three hundred from last count /.
Well that was the two hundred and forty nine investigated for leaving their posts /.
Let me just say that uh from the standpoint of a prosecutor I respectfully disagree uh with that position /.
I think that uh neither frustration nor fatigue would justify this kind of misconduct /.
And the citizens are not going to tolerate uh police officers engaging in brutality uh because of the uh extraordinary circumstances that we have going on today /.
Victoria Habathee if you were asked to testify in some sort of proceeding be it a pre-trial hearing be it a trial be it to provide uh general thoughts on the psychological conditions of some of these officers knowing what you know about what happened in New Orleans , is it fair for some of them to say everything that happened the amount of hours we were working the fact that we 've been away from our families etcetera from the psychological point of view does that explain what we see on the video tape /?
I ca n't justify what 's on the video tape /.
It does explain in the sense the human reaction to such a excessive event /.
And remembering that these officers were not only keeping the peace so to speak and uh responding but they were also victims /.
Um I mean we heard /-
This is number two /.
if can pull this one up /.
this from Dr. Howard Osofsky again LSU medical school /.
Following nine eleven there was a known enemy a known situation /.
and even though the two buildings were destroyed and lives lost the people who survived could go to their homes /.
the city of New York was not destroyed /.
the country around it was not destroyed /.
Is that uh relevant do you think in terms of a psychological comparison /?
I do n't if I believe there is a psychological comparison /.
In my mind I compare to some of the federal agents who were uh injured or involved in Hurricane Andrew a few years ago /.
and all they wanted to do was get home to their families /.
Yet their jobs are to be there for the public /.
and they have n't talked to their families /.
and that 's a superhuman request that we make of them /.
We do make it /.
Sorry /.
here 's Lieutenant Dave Binelli the president of the Police Association of New Orleans /.
Everybody 's under a lot of stress /.
but I think the men and women in New Orleans police department on the whole are coping with it as best they can /.
I 'm not ready to say at this particular time until we are actually able to talk to the officers in depth about the actions if stress had anything to do with this situation /.
And Joe to clarify what you were saying before I mean look you 're not actually saying that you think it 's a winnable etcetera /.
You 're simply saying that you think it 's something that should be evaluated as a defense attorney , right /.
and that 's Dan exactly right /.
Look it does n't justify what happened /.
but I think you need to sit down with the client /.
And look another important and hopefully the district attorney will take a look at this when he 's evaluating what to do is who are these cops /.
I mean when I 'm representing a cop the first thing I do Dan is get that personnel file /.
Is this someone with a history /?
Is this someone who you know has a propensity towards always being involved in these you know um sort of physical contact type deals /?
Or are these great cops who have not had a blemish on their record /.
and if so should they be cut a break here if they really lose it /?
Very quickly DA Jordan /.
does that matter /?
I think the focus is going to be on their conduct in this particular situation and whether it was justified or not /.
And uh I ca n't imagine uh why they would punch someone in the back of the head uh uh in connection with subduing that person /.
All right District Attorney Eddie Jordan thank you for coming back on the program /.
Victoria Habathee Joe Tackapena good to see you /.
thanks a lot /.
Last week police found the body of Virginia college student Taylor Biehl /.
Still no charges have been filed against the key suspect /.
Her father joins us next /.
And Richmond police also looking for another teenage girl Monica Sharp went out for a walk with her dog weeks ago /.
Her dog came home /.
she did not /.
Plus the battle over Harriet Miers ' Supreme Court nomination /.
Evangelical Christian leader James Dobson says Bush advisor Karl Rove told him something that makes him comfortable with Miers /.
Do n't the rest of us deserve to know what he knows /?
Your email MSNBC dot com /.
Please include your name where you 're writing from /.
Our repsonse at the end of the show /.
The only suspect in the Taylor Biehl murder case behind bars but yet to be charged with any crime in this case /.
Taylor last seen leaving her dorm room at Virginia Commonwealth University the night of September fifth /.
Her remains were found last Thursday in Matthews County Virgina about seventy miles from Richmond /.
The police ended up there after the ex-girlfriend of the chief suspect identified the area from the photograph /.
The suspect thirty eight year old Benjamin Folly /.
He admits to having a sexual relationship with Taylor says he last saw her at nine thirty the night she disappeared /.
He also says that he was kidnapped the same night that she went missing /.
Joining me now is Matt Biehl Taylor 's father /.
Thank you very much uh for coming on the program /.
I know this uh has to be a difficult time and week for you /.
and so we appreciate you taking the time /.
Thank you for inviting me /.
Um how are you holding up /?
I 'm good sometimes bad /.
You know it comes and goes /.
uh a lot of different things remind me of Taylor and um can choke me up a little bit /.
What do you make of this Folly guy /?
Had you ever heard of him before all this started /?
Uh I had met Ben Folly in February uh of this year when I took Taylor down to look at VCU as a possible school that she might want to attend /.
And uh what happened at that meeting /?
Well I was dropping Taylor off /.
Um she was actually staying in that uh townhouse with the friend that she knew from Madison high school where she graduated from /.
and him and his girlfriend lived there /.
and Ben Folly was their roommate /.
And frankly I did n't get a sense of urgency at that point because I had no idea of his age and thought he was just a student at the school /.
So it was a very brief meeting at that /.
about ten or fifteen minutes yeah /.
Um all right now that you know so much more have you heard anything from the authorities about uh if and when , they 're going to charge him in connection with this case /?
No uh it 's my information that they are still processing um evidence from the crime scene as well as evidence from Taylor 's body /.
Um you know like from the beginning it seems to me that this guy had to be the chief su- /-
this silliness about he was kidnapped on the same night that she went missing etcetera /.
have you gotten the impression uh that from the beginning that he was the one they were looking at /?
Well I do n't know if he 's the only one that they 're looking at or if there 's other people that they 're looking at /.
Certainly my presumption is that he would be considered uh a primary suspect /.
Yeah and here 's what the police chief uh said about it uh on Thursday /.
A dog tracked a scent from her car to uh a gentleman 's uh named Jesse Schultz /.
And it seems very coincidental and suspicious to me /.
and I think the authorities are looking into any connection there /.
All right that was n't the piece of sound I was looking for /.
and George Peterson is the attorney um for Taylor 's mother /.
He 's speaking there /.
what he had said was we certainly believe that strongest suspect uh they already have in custody /.
He was talking there about someone else who apparently has been cleared um as a suspect uh in this case /.
Um tell me about the rest of family /.
uh is there some level of um you know /.
I hate the word closure because it always makes it seem like it 's over when it 's not and the pain continues /. /.
but was there a sense of relief closure I do n't know what the word is to use when you heard that finally they had found Taylor /?
For me there was /.
it was um you know rather than sitting around waiting for a phone call or waiting for her to call us or wondering why she had n't called her mother or I /.
Um it was closing that /.
at least we knew where she was and what had happened to her to some extent /.
that she was not there was a reason for her not calling us /.
Matt Biehl thank you very much uh for taking the time /.
and uh again in these kinds of stories it 's odd because myself and my staff feel like we get to know some of the people involved in these cases even though we do n't truly know them /.
But um thank you very much for taking the time /.
and as much as we can uh our hearts do go out to you /.
and uh we have been thinking about you and Taylor for the last few weeks /.
Thank you /.
Now to another uh case another missing Richmond Virginia girl Monica Sharp last seen leaving her house to walk her dog at around ten thirty am on September eighteenth /.
Her mother filed a missing persons report later that day /.
Monica 's family and the police believe that she 's with fifty seven year old Jeffrey Nichols but left with him voluntarily after meeting him on the internet /.
Monica has a personal webpage appears to have last logged on to it two days after she went missing /.
Joining me now on the phone is Linda Sharp Monica 's mother /.
Uh Ms. sharpe I say the same thing to you /.
uh I know this is a very tough time for you /.
so I thank you for taking the time /.
Um tell us what you know uh about this gentleman who you think that uh your daughter is with /.
Really we do n't really know anything about him /.
We just know that he 's fifty seven /.
apparently he had an Illinois driver 's license but does not necessarily reside there /.
Um and we do n't know anything about him /.
Um why are the authorities do you think so confident uh that she is with him /?
I think that they were seen together in Richmond um either Monday or Tuesday /.
Uh she was missing on a Sunday /.
and I think Monday or Tuesday she was seen in Richmond with him /.
and the person who observed them called the police /.
You know so it was a tip to the police /.
And is the belief that they met online somehow and set up a meeting /?
Yes yes /.
Well well yes I think the belief is that they met online /.
and um you know they have taken all that information off our computer /.
and we have seen small portions of the conversations that they had together some of which indicate that they were planning to meet /.
but there was no indication that they were planning to meet that Sunday morning /.
So in other words you know when she woke up went out and walked her dog she did n't take anything with her like keys her purse her money or clothing you know or anything like that /.
So you know we do realize that there are these um transcripts of some conversations that they had but apparently nothing that indicated that that morning they were planning to meet /.
any of Monica 's friends able to provide any other information /?
No we have talked to everyone /.
and they are stunned because you know she saw them every day , she talked to them but she did n't say anything about this /.
All right well look this is one of these cases where we do n't just have to look back where we can actually look forward and hope that someone has seen her and can call the authorities /.
That 's why um Linda 's taken the time to came on the program /.
Eight oh four six four six six seven six four that 's the number uh if you 've seen her /.
and we showed you the picture um of the man that she is uh suspected of being with Jeffrey Nichols /.
Thank you very much uh Ms. Sharp /.
and uh good luck to you /.
Thank you /.
thank you /.
Coming up , some senators want to know what White House advisor Karl Rove told this man to make him so comfortable with Supreme Court nominee Harriet Miers even though many of his allies are not /.
And they were allegedly murdered by convicted sex offender Joseph Duncan /.
Now their families are suing a Minnesota county where he was charged with a different crime /.
Unfortunately I think they 're going to have an uphill battle /.
We 'll talk about it /.
And our continuing series Manhunt Sex Offenders on the Loose our effort to help find missing sex offenders before they strike again /.
Our search this week is in California /.
Terry Bowen forty four five nine one seventy five has n't registered with the authorities /.
He was convicted of lewd and lascivious acts with a child /.
If you 've got any information regarding Bowen please contact California Department of Justice nine one six two two seven four nine seven four /.
We 're back in a minute /.
Coming up the battle over Supreme Court nominee Harriet Miers /.
Did the White House provide assurances to some conservatives about her beliefs on hot button topics like abortion /?
Should n't those people have to testify during her confirmation hearing so everyone will know /?
First the headlines /.
Hello I 'm Bill Fitzgerald /.
and here 's what 's happening /.
Amid the devastation after Saturday 's powerful earthquake in Pakistan some dramatic rescues /.
Residents of one city used bare hands even crowbars to free two girls buried in a school for more than two days /.
A woman and child were also pulled from the rubble of an apartment building /.
Officials estimate as many as thirty thousand were killed in Pakistan alone and several hundred in India /.
The US is promising at least fifty million dollars in aid /.
and Pakistan is accepting aid from rival India /.
President Bush is in New Orleans to get an update on progress following hurricanes Katrina and Rita /.
He dined Monday night with Louisiana officials in the French quarter and is staying in a hotel there /.
It 's his eighth visit to the hurricane area /.
Thousands of people in Colorado are without power after a major snowstorm /.
It 's dumped up to twenty inches of wet heavy snow in some areas /.
At least one death is blamed on the storm by a woman who was hit by a falling tree limb /.
You 're up to date /.
let 's head back now to the Abrams Report with Dan Abrams /.
In my interviews with any judge I never ask their personal opinion on the subject of abortion /.
Uh not to my recollection have I ever sat down with her /.
What I have done is understand the type of person she is and the type of judge she will be /.
With so many unanswered questions circulating about President Bush 's Supreme Court nominee Harriet Miers ' position on some of the most controversial issues it seems one person believes he 's got the answers /.
James Dobson founder of the conservative Evangelical group Focus On The Family said last week on his radio show that he 's got some inside info /.
and you 'll have to trust me on this one when you know some of the things that I know that I probably should n't know uh that take me in this direction you will understand why I have um said that I believe Harriet Miers will be a good justice /.
And John if I have made a mistake here I will never forget it /.
The blood of those babies that will die will be on my hands to some degree /.
Dobson admitted during the same broadcast last week that he had numerous conversations with Bush advisor Karl Rove about the Miers nomination /.
Both Democrats and Republicans at least some of them are calling on Dobson to come before the Senate Judiciary Committee and reveal what he was told /.
If there are back room assurances and if there 're back room deals and if there are something which bears upon a pre-condition as to uh how a nominee is going to vote I think that 's uh a matter that ought to be known by the Judiciary Committee and the American peop- /.
If uh Dr. Dobson knows something uh that uh he should n't know or something that I ought to know I 'm going to find out /.
Remember Arlen Specter of course is a uh pro-choice Republican /.
The question should Dobson be forced to tell the Senate what information he 's got on Miers /.
If he refuses should he be subpoenaed /?
Joining us now to answer some of those questions Jay Sekulow the Conservative American Center for Law and Justice and Elliot Minkford legal director for the Liberal People for the American Way /.
All right uh gentlemen thanks very much uh for coming on /.
Jay do you have any problems uh with forcing Dobson to come in and say who told you this and what did Rove say to you /?
Well look the Senate has subpoena power /.
they could ask him to come in voluntarily /.
They could ask him to come in through a subpoena /.
They can also which will probably happen through the investigative process that 's probably under way as we speak Dan find out about this information /.
But let me tell you something /.
and as someone that 's been very involved in this process of judicial selection and someone 's worked with the White House I had no assurances given /.
and I ca n't imagine that uh Jim Dobson did either /.
I think some of the things that he 's talking about and I think this will come out in due course are the statements that were made by Nathan Hecht her friend who 's of course a justice on the Texas Supreme Court which was on the news um right immediately after the nomination /.
so there was n't any great surprise there /.
I ca n't imagine uh that uh Karl Rove or anyone else at the White House gave information /.
Which is what /?
Uh they talked about that she attended a church /.
it was her faith based committments /.
uh that 's what Nathan Hecht talked about /.
and talked about that she 's a conservative /.
But look no one knows how this woman 's going to vote on a particular case /.
I do agree with the President that we know she has a conservative judicial philosophy /.
the President after all is given the authority to nominate /.
but if Jim Dobson knew something that he was n't supposed to it will come out /.
I suspect that 's not the case at all /.
This is what uh Chuck Schummer said on Face The Nation about it /.
I believe that we ought to call James Dobson as a witness at the Senate judiciary hearings and find out what kind of assurances he 's received /.
If those assurances are good enough for James Dobson then all of America ought to hear them /.
Elliot Minkford what do you make of that /?
I think Senator Schummer and Senator Specter are absolutely right /.
The concerns that have been raised about Harriet Miers include will she truly be an independent voice on the Supreme Court not just doing George W Bush 's wishes and does she have a basic committement to fundamental constitutional values /.
I suspect that what Dobson found out leads him to believe that she will vote the way he wants her to to overturn Roe versus Wade and do a lot of those things /.
But wait /.
wait /.
is it possible that all they said to Dobson behind closed doors is she 's a very religious woman /. /.
uh she takes her faith very seriously /.
it 's a dominant part of her life /.
and keep that in mind my friend /?
I mean something like that was said /. /.
let 's assume that 's what was said /.
You know that 's quite possible although if that 's all that was said you would have thought he would have said that by now /.
But the fact is not only should he be asked but Karl Rove should be asked what information he gave to people like Dobson /.
and frankly one of the key things is this is an advisor a person who 's known the President for more than a decade and he made a decision based on what he knows about her /.
That means even more important than Dobson or Rove testifying is her testifying in a straightforwrad way what both Republicans and Democrats want to know /.
But look that 's not going to happen all right /.
Look all right all right but that 's a nice theory /.
it 's not going to happen /.
I can promise you that /.
I promise you she will not answer the questions that you want answered /.
I mean it wo n't happen /.
If you 're right about that , if you 're right about that /.
Of course I 'm /-
I would n't be surprised for the first time to see Republican and Democratic senators unite and say we need to know more about the nominee /.
look that may happen /.
but anyone who 's now claiming that they expect to get the answers from Miers in the confirmation hearing , that 's going to somehow uh assure them one way or the other are just grandstanding because they know they 're not going to get it /.
Come on /.
you know you 're not getting the answers /.
she ca n't say how she 's going to vote in a particular case /.
and Elliot you know the fact of the matter is that the President gets to make the nomination /.
Whether she can or she ca n't she 's not going to /.
But you know well enough that that 's not what we 're talking about /.
well look /.
What we 're talking about is /.
No what we 're talking about actually is whether information was given from the White House to /-
Hang on /.
one at a time /.
one at a t- /-
hang on Jay /.
go ahead /.
hang on Jay /.
one at a time /.
Jay Sekulow go ahead /.
here 's what we 've got /.
The question today is were there assurances given to some on the conservative side with regard to uh Mrs. Miers ' Harriet Miers ' views /.
The answer to that is going to be exactly what you just said Dan /.
What 's going to come out after all this and it will probably not take a Senate hearing to do this is that they talked about that she 's a woman of sincere faith and keep that in mind /.
I 'd like to know that though I got to tell you /.
look I think that 's what we 're going to hear whether that 's actually what was said or not said because Dobson sure made it sound like he 's got more than that /.
Oh sure /.
and the investigators will find that out /.
and uh that 's why /.
well that 's exactly right /.
he did /.
and that 's why you need to find that out /.
Well look I know Jim /.
I know Jim Dobson /.
I 'll tell you one thing /.
Jim Dobson is going to tell the truth /.
All right no I 'm not questioning /.
no no /-
and no let me be clear /.
I did n't mean to be suggesting he 's not going to tell the truth /.
Well but here 's what you do /.
you ask the question /.
that 's what investigators do sure /.
I 'm saying that 's what we 're going to get from the investigation etcetera /.
All right Jay Sekulow and Elliot Minkford thanks a lot /.
appreciate it /. /.
Coming up , the families of three people allegedly murdered by a convicted sex offender will sue another county for letting him out on bail /.
As sad as it is as a legal matter I 'm not sure they 've got a case /.
Coming up /.
We 're back with the horrible story of Joseph Duncan charged with bludgeoning Brenda Groney her thirteen year old son Slade and boyfriend Mark McKenzie to death and then accused also of kidnapping Chaste and Dylan and molesting them repeatedly over almost seven weeks /.
Chaste eventually found in the middle of the night in a diner with her alleged captor /.
and just days later Dylan 's remains discovered in the Montana woods /.
Well now Brenda Groney and Mark McKenzie 's families are preparing a lawsuit claiming a judge prosecutors and law enforcement authorities in Becker County Minnesota are responsible for letting Duncan out on bail when they should have known he was a violent sex offender and they should have known he 'd likely offend again /.
I fear they do n't have a legal leg to stand on /.
Here 's what we know /.
March of this year Duncan 's charged with molesting two boys in Minnesota /.
He was already a registered sex offender having served almost two decades for the violent rape of a fourteen year old boy in Washington state /.
April fifth voluntarily goes to court after receiving a summons /.
he 's released on fifteen thousand dollars bail /.
One condition he had to have weekly contact with probation /.
April eighteenth last time probation hears from Duncan /.
May third probation tells the county authority Duncan 's disappeared /.
and on May fifteenth Brenda and Slade Groney and Mark McKenzie were murdered in Idaho /.
My take /.
My regular viewers know how angry this case made me /.
In addition to my fury at Duncan I became furious at all the finger pointing in Minnesota /.
But the bottom line is the law in Minnesota allowed for bail /.
He paid cash /.
If the bail had been higher he could have still put uh part of the money down and been released /.
It would n't have changed anything /.
The law in Minnesota needs to be changed /.
but I 'm afraid that this lawsuit 's going to get thrown out /.
But joining me now is the attorney who is going to be representing the familes of Brenda Groney and Mark McKenzie Russell Vancamp /.
Mr. Vancamp thank you very much for uh taking the time /.
what am I getting wrong here as a legal matter do you think /?
Well you know in our system of justice in the United States things can be changed /.
and it takes these people that have suffered this horrendous situation /.
but this is the kind of case that can change the law or change how sex offenders are treated in the United States /.
We 've got to do something /.
and the time is now /.
Look I agree with you /.
Look as you know twice a show we put out the pictures of wanted sex offenders uh who have not reported to the authorities in the hope that we can help in that effort /.
But as legal matter you would concede would you not that typically this kind of lawsuit would be thrown out /?
I do n't concede anything number one /.
and this is not a typical lawsuit /.
so you ca n't say typical /.
for not doing more etcetera when the result was horrible generally would be thrown out /.
Absolutely not /.
not generally /.
When you have such a horrific uh situation as this uh the law takes a closer look at it /.
In fact there could be some federal laws that have been violated here /.
so I feel uh that they need to take care of it /.
and in uh Minnesota they need to take care of it now /.
How is the lawsuit viewed differently as a legal matter based on how horrific the crime was /?
Now remember /.
this is not a lawsuit yet /.
it 's a tort claim /.
But when it shocks the conscience of the average person /.
and any normal human being would be shocked by what happened here and how easy it would have been for uh the uh responsible authorities to look back at a twenty five year history of this devil incarnate and uh not let him loose /.
and this situation would not have happened /.
The family wants to stop this for the future /.
that 's what they want to do /.
Is there a danger that if lawsuits like this succeed that basically any time a uh public official uh acts in a particular way or does n't act that if something horrible happens later that person will be held civily responsible /?
Well in this type of case especially now /-
Remember /.
back in the old days the king could do no wrong /.
Well in this case the king did wrong /.
and through their neglegence uh we lost human lives /.
and then horrendous things happened to little kids /.
and uh this is the kind of case that 's an exception to that kind of generalization that you talk about /.
and you think it 's fair then to say that you blame the Minnesota authorities for everything that happened here /?
We blame the responsible hired employees of this county to do their job correctly and do it right and not just go through every day on a rote type situation /.
This is not that type of situation /.
There 's got to be some accountability /.
and there 's got to be accountability for the future /.
And when you say accountability you 're not talking about /-
I mean we all would blame Duncan /.
but you 're also saying that the county in Minnesota is responsible for these deaths /.
Uh in a legal sense they 're responsible /.
They let him out /.
This guy should have never been let out and should have never been given a bond /.
and had they done their job right back there and had uh invesigated it properly in this information age that we have it is my opinion and the families ' opinion this would have not happened /.
But we want to stop this from happening in the future /.
Yeah well look I think uh we all do /.
and uh you know uh I do n't fault you for giving it a try /.
I think you got a very difficult legal uh challenge ahead of you /.
but I think you 're doing it for the right reasons /.
Russell Vancamp thanks very much for taking the time /.
Thank you /.
Coming up , do n't let those on the far right tell you they do n't have a litmus test for Supreme Court nominees /.
Take one look at how they 're reacting to Harriet Miers /.
and you 'll see what it is /.
Either you agree with them /.
or you 're out /.
and keep in mind when it came to Roberts some on the left did the same thing /.
I 'm tired of it /.
My closing argument /.
And our continuing series Manhunt Sex Offenders on the Loose our effort to find sex offenders before they strike /.
This week we 're focusing on California /.
Authorities need your finding Clifford Willard convicted of lewd acts with a child under the age of fourteen /.
He 's fifty two five eight one fifty has not registered with the authorities /.
If you got any information on his whereabouts please call uh the California Department of Justice nine one six two two seven four nine seven four /.
Back in a minute /.
Closing argument /.
It 's time to blow through the smoke screens created by many opposed to Harriet Miers ' nomination to the Supreme Court /.
It 's actually quite easy to do /.
The far right is afraid she 's not far enough to the right /.
and they want proof period /.
Do n't believe those who say there 's no litmus test /.
Of course there is /.
If you do n't want to overturn Roe v Wade , if you do n't want to limit the rights of gays and if you do n't want to allow more religion in public buildings and schools then they do n't want you on the court period /.
Your qualifications quote end quote meaningless /.
Now apart from the handful of law professors and legal scholars almost all of those who at this time are claiming she 's not qualified are just looking for an excuse /.
I assure you the vast majority of them would welcome a poorly qualified but guaranteed hardcore conservative /.
The far right is only resorting to talk about her judicial experience and qualifications because they want someone with experience that proves she 'll vote their way not because they truly are concerned about her ability to uh evaluate constitutional issues /.
It 's almost humorous to hear some of the same people who regularly mock the so called elite point out that her law school SMU is not among the nation 's most respected /.
Now some on the left engaged in a similar type of dishonest attack during John Roberts ' confirmation process /.
They could n't hide behind the cloak of inadequate qualifications /.
After all the Harvard law grad had worked for the Justice Department repatedly argued in front of the Supreme Court and had served as a federal Court of Appeals judge /.
So instead the twenty two senators who opposed Roberts claimed that they could n't vote for him because they did n't know enough about him or said he had n't answered their questions /.
The reality they could n't be assured he would not vote with the conservative justices on many of the same controversial issues in particular Roe v Wade /.
Since when are senators entitled to guarantees about how a Supreme Court justice will rule /?
The Senate 's constitutional role of advise and consent is rapidly disintegrating into one of advocate and confront /.
I 'll say it again /.
We can not let the fringes on both sides hijack the Supreme Court nomination process /.
But it 's even more insulting and dangerous when they are n't straight with us about what they 're saying and why they 're saying it /.
Coming up the terror alert in New York City now over /.
Some of you come to the defense of New York officials criticized for going public about questionable threats /.
Your emails next /.
I 've had my say /.
now it 's time for your rebuttal /.
Many of you writing in about the terror threats on the New York City subway system and fact that New york was taking it more seriously than the feds /.
Phil and Susan Kissler /.
Let me get this straight /.
Homeland security ie FEMA condemned the mayor of New Orleans /.
and now Homeland Security 's condemning the Mayor of New York for overreacting /.
Jeff Morris in Socrates New York /.
The source for this latest is saying Jihadists from Iraq are coming to NYC for an attack on the subway system /.
If this is true does n't this contradict that we are now safer for invading Iraq rhetoric the White House has been saying for a long time now /?
Tabs Rush /.
all I 've heard is skepticism about the threat /.
If it happens then you want to blame Bush for not acting /.
If he does he 's trying to walk the dog /.
I believe the term is wag the dog /.
but I get your point /.
PJ Williamson from Tennessee /.
After the way Homeland Security and FEMA performed during Katrina do we really trust their opinion /?
I trust the local officials much more than the Washington jokers /.
Finally Sherry Sharrows from Belleville Illinois /.
Call me a cynic /.
but every time the Bush administration get into trouble we get a terror alert /.
Coincidence I do n't think so /.
Your emails Abrams Report one word at MSNBC dot com /.
we go through them at the end of the show /.
We 've got an update on our first ever Abrams Report auction /.
My press passes to Scott Peterson and Michael Jackson trials brought in a total of four thousand one hundred and thirty eight dollars /.
As soon as we arrange the payment we will tell you about who the winner is /.
That does it for us tonight /.
Coming up next here on MSNBC First Look /.
If they decide to make it a centerpiece we 'll know it when we see it /.
What Bush is trying to do is not run as Tom Cruise anymore not run as Top Gun because that 's not going to work anymore /.
I think he 's trying to run as Jack Bauer you know on domestic security /.
If it 's going to be nationalized on the Republicans ' terms they want it to be about domestic security about the Patriot Act about the surveillance of terrorists et cetera /.
Is n't it wonderful to see how Democrats are so clear cut on issues like abortion rights /?
We 're for them /.
No complications /.
Yeah right right /.
War in Iraq /.
well I do n't know /.
Let me ask you about two thousand and eight /.
One of the guys I"m watching is a dark horse /.
And I do n't think he would have passed muster at the Memphis meeting we were covering because he was so culturally conservative /.
Is the guy I believe who would win if we did n't have political parties /.
If we did n't have a Democratic party and we did n't have a Republican party , if we just had a big boat I think Giuliani would be unstoppable because he 's a big city guy you know /.
And he 's a guy that 's dealt with horror /.
And he 's tough on crime /.
And he 's smart /.
And he 's with most people on the social issues /.
Well I happen to think that the way Karl Rove and George Bush are trying to redefine the issue which is about domestic security /-
They do n't want to talk about the war because the war 's a mess /.
They want to talk about protecting the homeland /.
The natural inheritor of that definition of the presidency /-
The Jack Bauer /-
Is Winston Giuliani Churchill /.
the Jack Bauer figure in other words from twenty four is Rudy Giuliani /.
Right /.
The big city mayor the crime fighter BUT pro-choice pro-gun - control pro-gay - rights /.
BUT . gang landlord /.
You name it /.
Married three times /.
Yeah it may just be too much /.
Plus he 's got a lot of business interest that he 's making a lot of money at /.
And there 's some people who think he 's doing this as a loss leader /.
He 's keeping his name in circulation as a loss leader /.
I do n't think so /.
I think he 's waiting to see if there 's a moment /.
I think he 's waiting to see whether John McCain can make the distance /.
If he ca n't he 's going in /.
By the way he 's the most imperfect candidate by that accounting I agree and also the most perfect /.
What a wonderful combination /.
He 's powerful at any audience Republican Democrat or otherwise /.
Biggest audiences in the country this guy draws /.
Thank you Howard /.
I 'm scared that we agree /.
Join us again tomorrow night at five and seven eastern for the hardball hot shot /.
It 's always fun on Friday night here /.
Right now it 's time for the Abrams report with Dan /.
Coming up , bar bouncer Darryl Littlejohn pleads not guilty to murdering grad student Imette St. Guillen . And says on camera the authorities have the wrong guy /.
The program about justice starts now /.
Just hours ago this man was arraigned for the brutal murder of graduate student Imette St. Guillen /.
Hi everyone /.
First up on the docket bouncer Darryl Littlejohn pleaded not guilty to charges he murdered twenty four year old Guillen /.
She was found strangled and wrapped in tape /.
This was just a day after Littlejohn spoke out for the first time telling WCBS in New York that police have got the wrong guy /.
Not knowing this woman personally or anything you know from the little bit that I 've been told about her she was a brilliant person /.
And she was going on with her life you know to become somebody in this world /.
And The family has to be devastated /.
I mean I 'm truly sorry what happened to this young lady /.
but they have the wrong person /.
uh We 're going to play more of that interview /.
But joining me now New York Sun columnist David Golden who was at the arraignment today /.
All right /.
so David set the scene for us /.
Well at about two fifteen this afternoon in a packed ceremonial courtroom in Brooklyn court with Imette 's sister and mother sitting in the front row and dozens of reporters watching Mr. Littlejohn walked in /.
He was shackled /.
He did not say a word throughout the entire hearing /.
But his attorney entered the plea for him of not guilty /.
Three charges here /.
One count of first degree murder /.
To convict on that a jury would have to find that in the course of killing Imette Mr. Littlejohn committed some sort of sex crime also /.
To protect themselves prosecutors have added two second degree murder charges that do not require a sex crime to have taken place /.
Earlier in the day Police Commissioner Ray Kelly and Brooklyn District Attorney Joe Hines laid out some of the evidence in the case in addition Dan to what we 'd heard before Which was the cops had cell phone records placing Mr. Littlejohn in the area where Imette 's body was found Witnesses saying that Mr. Littlejohn left the Falls bar with Imette And blood of Mr. Littlejohn 's apparently on the ties that were binding together Imette 's hands /.
He heard two new pieces of forensic evidence today /.
From Mr. Littlejohn 's diverse wardrobe apparently cops say they found hairs matching two of his jackets on the tape that was wrapping Imette 's face and also on the blanket that was wrapping her body /.
you say diverse wardrobe /.
you know you 're talking about some weird mink coats and stuff , right /?
There 's like some sort of rabbit coat or something /?
There was a rabbit coat and a mink coat /.
And fibers from those coats were apparently found on both the tape as I said and also on the blanket that her body was found in /.
That 's the extent at this point of the evidence that police say they have . Although they pointed out that they 've gone through forensically twenty percent of the evidence that they have collected /.
Still waiting on they say plenty more evidence that 's undergoing tests /.
All right I 'm going to ask you about um any eye contact interaction uh between the family members and Darryl Littlejohn in a moment /.
But first here 's a little bit of sound from outside of court /.
First we 've got Imette 's sister Alexandra and then Kevin O'Donnell uh Littlejohn 's attorney /.
This again only hours ago /.
Imette was a good person a kind person /.
Her heart was full of love a love she willingly shared with friends and family /.
She had a passion for life and a thirst for seeing the world and learning new things /.
With Imette 's death the world has lost something special far too soon /.
My heart and prayers go out to the family of Imette St. Guillen /.
I ca n't imagine what they 're going through /.
And they have my word that I will not put her on trial here /.
I will treat her with the same dignity that she lived her life with /.
We 'll see about that /.
But uh David any interaction between the the families and Littlejohn in court /?
None whatsoever /.
They were on opposite sides of the courtroom /.
On the right side facing in at the defense table Mr. Littlejohn sat /.
As I said he was shackled the whole time /.
he stared forward in a gray jumpsuit that was clearly the prison garb he was issued apparently /.
Maybe it was his own clothes /.
We do n't know /.
He just sat there staring forward /.
On the opposite side of the courtroom sitting with some other family and friends in the front row Alexandra St. Guillen had her arm around her mother /.
Her mother was wearing those sunglasses in court that you just saw her wearing just now /.
They were staring straight ahead as well /.
Very very little spoken between them /.
At one point Ms. St. Guillen the while the judge and the various lawyers were discussing future court dates was asking something about what was going on /.
All right all right /.
But that was it /.
All right /.
uh Davidson stick around uh because I 'm going to get to our panel in a minute /.
You 'll join us /.
But over the last twenty four hours a sort of war of words has erupted between the police and that man officially charged with Imette 's murder /.
This focus should n't really be on me /.
It should be on them finding who is really responsible for this young lady 's you know tragic death /.
Imette 's hands and feet were bound and her mouth gagged with a white athletic sock /.
She had been sexually abused and asphyxiated /.
Plastic packing tape covered her eyes her nose and her mouth /.
Imette was last seen leaving the Falls bar with Darryl Littlejohn /.
Did you see Imette St. Guillen leave the bar /?
At the end of the night yes /.
Okay um /.
Just before closing /.
Did somebody ask you to escort her out /?
Yes it was close to closing time /.
All the other patrons had left the bar /.
and I was asked to escort her /.
Did you do that /?
Yes /.
That 's normal /.
upon closing time the stragglers or whoever is remaining behind they have to be off the premises by four AM /.
or the bar gets fined /.
So yes that 's normal /.
When police were questioning you did you volunteer to give your DNA /?
Yes I did /.
And you gave it /?
Yes /.
There was never a question about me consenting to give my DNA /.
When they first approached me at the Falls I provided them with my real name my real address social security number birth date so on and so forth /.
A DNA match was made with Littlejohn 's blood on the plastic ties that bound her hands /.
Red polyester rug fibers from carpeting in Littlejohn 's residence along with brown mink hair from a jacket in his residence and blue rabbit hair from a jacket collar in his residence were consistent with rug fibers mink and rabbit hair that were found on the tapes used on Imette 's head in the blanket in which her body was found and in the Winstar van used by Littlejohn /.
I 'm a likely suspect because I have a criminal background and I was n't supposed to be there working /.
A cell phone used exclusively by Littlejohn had been in close proximity to where her body was found /.
His phone was used there at seven thirty one PM less than an hour before the body was reported by the nine one one call /.
Further a witness said he saw a van that matched the description of the one used by Littlejohn making a u-turn at about seven thirty PM at the place Imette 's body was found /.
Finally there are no witnesses or other evidence to support Littlejohn 's claim that he visited his mother in a nursing home on the day Imette was killed /.
Did you kill Imette St. Guillen /?
No I did not /.
Another problem of course is that he told the Daily News reporter that he hardly even remembered Imette being there and now he 's saying oh yeah I walked her out /.
Joining us now former prosecutor Gail Abramson and criminal defense attorney uh Janna Spillbore /.
All right so Janna look this defense attorney is out there uh you know talking a big game Basically saying I 've got a solid defense here /.
uh he took the subway home /.
he had nothing to do with this et cetera /.
Yeah and what 's wrong with that /?
He 's going to present the uh some other dude defense did it /.
And that could work in this case Dan because we do n't have a lot of solid evidence yet linking Littlejohn to Imette St. Guillen 's rape or her murder /.
Well you mean you 're ignoring all the evidence that Ray Kelly 's explaining /?
No you know what /.
because that evidence is weak at best /.
I mean you could have an alternate explanation for all of that /.
The fibers transference that 's easy /.
I mean it is /.
Oh yeah /.
No but listen /.
if the theory is that she was raped and killed why is n't Littlejohn 's DNA all over her body /?
We have no semen /.
We have no evidence of rape /.
I 'm sorry /.
have you not been involved in any cases where there were rapes where there was no semen /?
eh It 's highly unlikely Dan /.
Oh really /?
Yeah /.
I mean you know I 'm not actually going to claim that the rapist was polite and used a condom /.
and I do n't think that was the case /.
Hold on /.
I /.
Is there any evidence of that /?
No /.
So uh at worst we might have a couple of people involved in this crime /.
But we have no evidence that this guy raped her /.
The theory is rape and murder /.
All right I know /. /.
but Gail this is what defense attorneys do /.
They change the subject /.
they start saying aha prove the rape prove the rape /.
Exactly /.
And they 're /-
Even the prosecutors are suggesting well you know what /.
we have alternate theories here where it sounds like they 're not even a hundred percent certain they can prove the rape /.
And here 's the thing Dan /.
Janna with all due respect this is /-
We 're talking about a career criminal who knows about DNA who knows about criminal evidence who probably has been tried /-
But not a career rapist /.
Well rape can be an crime of opportunity /.
And there has been many many many career criminals who do not have rape on their rap sheet until they have an opportunity to rape someone /.
He could have used a condom /.
In addition Charles Heinz the district attorney came out today saying that they 're only twenty per cent through analyzing the physical evidence /.
And they 're also concerned /-
They have not said /-
Wait Gail /.
they were also concerned that other cases which they think that Littlejohn might be linked to were cases where the rapist uh forced the women to clean themselves off /.
Absolutely /.
And the /-
one in particular /.
a woman called when she saw his picture on the television /.
um her test /-
Her story is exactly that /.
And Littlejohn whether he 's a rapist or a drug dealer or whatever he is a career criminal /.
And he 's also a smart guy /.
I mean he managed to you know while he was on parole work as a security guard which he was n't supposed to do /.
Told people he was a federal marshal /.
People believed him /.
And now he 's telling the whole world that he did n't do this when he absolutely did /.
And what 's more important Dan is that he 's charged with first degree murder /.
And we do n't have to prove rape to prove first degree murder /.
um First degree murder will have a sexual assault /.
but you do n't need to prove that there was semen /.
You know you do n't need to prove that there was any kind of mark left on her body /.
Not according to this indictment /.
I mean /-
And if you 're going to follow this indictment which incidentally is the most confusing indictment I 've ever read You 've got one crime one murder /.
and they 've charged it three different ways /.
Under count one they do have to prove that there was a sex crime and under three as well /.
What I mean is they do n't have to bring forth any forensic evidence of it /.
All right All right /.
Here 's Kevin O'Donnell Littlejohn 's attorney on Rita 's show uh last night saying that his client took the subway home that night /.
So how did he get home that night /?
What transportation did he get home with /?
uh He took the subway /.
He took the subway /.
Yes /.
And do we have a record of that /?
No we 're still looking into that /.
But he says that he /-
Did he go with anybody /?
No he went home alone just like he does just about every night uh when he leaves that bar /-
All right but I 've only got a little time left /.
and there 's another issue I want to talk about /.
And that is that the DA /-
There 's been a lot of question about uh the manager of the bar and the fact that he may not have come clean about what he knew early on /.
A lot of people saying uh that he actually misled the authorities and that could lead to prosecution /.
Well it seems like the DA did n't seem to think that was that big a deal today /.
Will anyone be investigated for obstruction of justice /?
Has Danny Dorian been called in to witness yet /?
uh The investigation uh is certainly still going forward /.
How were you personally affected by the fact that there were citizens of this city some of them relatively prominent who told cops lies and misleaded this investigation /?
Oh I 've been lied to before /.
And I 've gotten over it /.
Will you indict him though /? /.
You know when that becomes a crime I think we should all get out of this business /.
but the problem Gail Abramson is it is a crime if the bar manager lied to the authorities about what happened led them on a wild goose chase /.
um You 're allowed to say nothing /.
but in the state of New York you 're not allowed to simply tell the authorities something that 's not true and send them going elsewhere /.
Exactly /.
and he 's going to argue one of two things /.
Number one he 's going to argue that he had no idea that Darryl Littlejohn aka B as he is known at the bar was on parole and was not allowed to be working there /.
You know number two /-
So he 's going to argue ignorance /.
And he 's also going to argue that um you know he felt threatened or something like that . And that he uh was threatened by someone /.
Remember there was another bouncer that they called Kwan that never showed up again either /.
Right /.
So he might plead I was a victim in this case and /-
D- /.
Yeah But David Golden that 's going to be a hard argument to make , right /?
It 's going to be a tough argument in part because the original story that the bar manager told cops was that he 'd seen Imette leave alone /.
And then how would you just suddenly remember five or six days later that in fact he was the one who asked Littlejohn to escort her out /?
One other thing Dan worth I think pointing out real quickly here is that we did hear for the first time today a potential alibi for Mr. Littlejohn /.
That Ray Kelly indicated that they do n't believe he went to visit his mother that day /.
But cops still do n't know where she was killed /.
A lot of holes still in this case /.
They believe that he took his van to work that day and his van back we now know /.
So a lot still to be answered /.
All right /.
Gail Abramstein /.
Well we have an eye witness /-
I got to wrap it up /.
Gail good to have you as a guest on the program /.
uh Think it 's your first time as a guest /.
Okay /.
Appreciate it /.
Janna Spillbore and Davidson Golden thanks a lot /.
Thanks Dan /.
Coming up , the mother of the fourteen year old who had sex with teacher Debra Lafave joins us for her first live interview /.
She did n't want her son to testify /.
Now she is furious at the judge /.
And this woman back home with her family /.
She apparently went missing ten years ago when she was fourteen /.
It turns out she was just two miles from her father 's home the entire time /.
Your emails Abrams report at MSNBC dot com /.
Please include your name and where you 're writing from /.
I respond at the end of the show /.
My passion was teaching /.
That 's taken away from me /.
I 've lost family /.
and I 've lost friends /.
And um as you can see my face has been plastered on every internet outlet every news outlet /.
And that 's not easy /.
It 's not easy feeling the guilt and the remorse and having my own family suffer from my actions /.
Do you think that um you will not /?
Absolutely not /.
How do you know for sure /?
um In my heart of hearts I definitely know /.
um I am a strong Christian woman /.
and I believe that God has a path for me /.
and this is just a bump in the road /.
I believe that I 'm going through therapy and doing everything that I can possible to better myself for the community and society /.
She had sex with her fourteen year old student /.
and all Debra Lafave got was three years of house arrest seven years probation after entering into a plea deal /.
Now remember a judge in a neighboring county said quote that plea deal shocks the conscience of the court /.
Prosecutors in that county dropped the charges /.
and so the plea deal uh stands /.
Here 's what that judge said /.
The victim in this case is not a young child /.
He 's now sixteen years old /.
The effect a trial of this nature might have on young children less than twelve years old therefore is not a factor /.
Someone who is not happy with this opinion is Sally who is the young boy 's mother /.
She joins me now on the phone for her first tv interview since these charges were dropped /.
Thanks a lot for coming on the program /.
We appreciate it /.
You 're welcome /.
All right so the judge eh seemed uh to really be basically saying that your son should be forced to testify /.
Exactly /.
And on one hand he basically says that he is uh you know appalled that a teacher would do this to a child /.
And on the other hand he 's saying that because you know he 's not under twelve years old /.
nobody likes to testify /.
even referred to police officers do n't like to testify /.
so um basically um You know he needed to do this /.
So um I have to tell you I 've just been mostly shocked that the judge really did not appear to consider my son um at all through this /.
And largely you know that was made known through his comments and his order that he issued /.
You know look I made a lot of comments yesterday on this program saying that I thought that a lot of people were demanding that she be prosecuted Were suggesting that your son be forced to testify in this case /.
And I was saying that the same people who are usually out there yelling and screaming for the victims we 've got to protect the victims are suddenly saying oh you know well We do n't really have to worry about the victim in this case /.
Exactly /.
and there was no one that wanted her to serve prison time more than myself /.
And uh we /-
You know that was our original plea agreement that we offered to them um /.
But at the end of the day and as it got closer to the trial we were you know less than a week before trial , that uh the court tv refusing to um /-
Which originally they had said they would do a delay and they would shadow my face and the family members as well as my son /.
Well without a delay My son 's name would have ended up being said /.
um You know with thirty forty witnesses you ca n't help it /.
And um you know just having all of this aired live and being debated and re-debated every statement every comment /.
And as I know you know you can say one sentence /.
and it 's many times taken out of context /.
So um at the end of the day I could n't move forward with that uh to forcing her to prison and basically having my son re-victimized /.
Before I play a little bit of sound from Debra today and and get your response to it You know a lot of people have said well this teacher is so attractive /.
Every fourteen year old this would be his dream /.
What 's your reaction to that /?
How is your son reacting /?
um eh eh She 's a teacher /.
She 's a person of authority /.
and she you know molested my child /.
It 's unacceptable /.
You know her attractiveness or lack thereof in my opinion plays no part in this /.
What is he saying about it now /?
He does n't like to talk about it /.
um To be honest with you he is doing extremely well /.
um He uh just has a wonderful circle of friends /.
you know he 's an honor student /.
He loves to play sports /.
um He is extremely well balanced /.
he 's doing absolutely wonderful /.
And my goal um is to you know um help keep him that way /.
Mhm /.
How did you find out about this /?
He came to you , right /?
No he did n't /.
Actually my sister had overheard uh just basic /-
She put two and two together heard eh different comments and conversations . And then all of a sudden spotted my son and this teacher in Ocala and then called me and uh asked if I knew my son was in Ocala which um you know it was a normal summer day . I thought he was at the rec center which is a place that he 's always been /.
Anyway um I confronted him /.
One thing led to the other /.
and it all came out /.
um /- Here 's Debra Lafave on Tuesday /.
uh I know that you were not entirely satisfied with her uh public statements /.
I did not find them to be particularly sympathetic either /.
But here 's a little bit more of what she said /.
and I want to get your reaction /.
My greatest regret would probably be um the fact that I put this young man through this /.
um I mean the media has totally um taken it out of proportion /.
And um he 's suffering even more so by the media 's actions /.
He is a young man /.
and his privacy has been violated /.
um He has walked outside of a door and been approached by media /.
uh His picture was published on the internet /.
That 's what I 'm talking about /.
Sally it seems that your son now has a great defender in the woman who molested him /.
Well that 's what I find ironic that I appreciate her concern for my son /.
But instead of saying her concern because of what she did to him um instead She 's you know always blaming someone else /.
it 's really never her fault from what I 've seen up to this point /.
What did you want to hear from her /?
um You know I 'm beyond that at this point /.
I have to tell you that uh when all of this first happened you know I saw this young teacher /.
She is not my son 's student /.
I had never seen her before /.
I did n't know who we were talking about until the day she was arrested /.
And um I was shocked /.
And then to find out that she 's a newlywed and you know has her whole life in front of her /.
And why in the world would someone do what she did to my son and also you know throw her life away like that /?
But I expected /-
You know I thought /-
uh At first I wanted to talk to her and have her explain to me why /.
I just wanted to understand /.
but I 'm beyond that because um I 've yet to see any remorse from her /.
So she might not be capable of it /.
Yeah uh She seems to be blaming this all on her uh mental conditions /.
She says she 's bipolar uh et cetera /.
but /-
I believe she does have mental illnesses um /.
but I /.
there 's absolutely no doubt that she knew exactly what she was doing on five different occasions /.
Yeah /.
All right Sally good luck to you and good luck to your son /.
Look I 've made my views on this very clear uh that uh I fully support uh you and your decision to say look I do n't want to go through this anymore /.
She 's got three years of house arrest /.
You now get to put this uh behind you as much as you can /.
so I wish you all the best of luck /.
Thank you very much /.
Coming up , a girl went missing when she was only fourteen years old /.
Now she reappears ten years later living only miles away from her father 's home /.
And in Afghanistan a man faces possible execution for converting to Christianity in violation of Islamic law /.
We 'll take a look at the law in this horrible case /.
Our continuing series Manhunt Sex Offenders on the Loose missing offenders before they strike /.
Our search today is in New Mexico /.
Authorities are searching for Benny Whitehorse /.
He 's thirty eight /.
He is five eleven one seventy two convicted of sexually abusing a minor /.
He has n't registered his address to the state /.
If you 've got any information on his uh whereabouts please contact the New Mexico Department of Public Safety five oh five eight two seven nine two nine seven /.
We 'll be right back /.
Coming up an amazing story /.
A fourteen year old girl disappears a decade ago /.
This week she shows up /.
Turns out she 's been living just two miles from her family all this time allegedly held as a prisoner in a man 's home /.
Details after the headlines /.
I 'm Alyssa Rayburger /.
and here 's what 's happening /.
Authorities say the wife and three young daughters of a murdered Tennessee minister were found safe and alone on a Thursday night in Alabama when police spotted their van /.
The popular minister was found shot to death in his bedroom on Wednesday /.
and his family was missing /.
Police now say the wife is being questioned as a possible suspect /.
Confessed Al - Qaida conspirator Zakary As - Mazawi vowed to testify in his own defense at his death penalty trial whether his lawyers liked it or not /.
He announced this Thursday after the prosecution rested his case /.
And US and British troops stormed a house in suburban Baghdad and freed three Christian peace activists held nearly four months /.
Officials say the British and Canadian hostages were found tied together but unguarded /.
The body of a fourth colleague American Tom Fox was found dumped in Baghdad two weeks ago /.
Officials say a suspect had revealed hours earlier where the hostages were being held /.
Now back to the Abrams report /.
She 's back where she belongs /.
That 's all that matters /.
I 'm free /.
I 'm free /.
I can walk outside the door anytime I want /.
I can walk down the street /.
I did n't think anybody cared because he would tell me your case is dead /.
It 's cold /.
I knew right away as soon as I seen the eyes /.
And to me she has n't changed /.
We 'll just pick up right where we left off /.
Do n't leave your mom and dad /.
If you do n't think they love you then /-
When somebody tells you they do n't love you say yes they do /.
I did n't know that /.
I did n't think they did /.
Well we never stopped loving you /.
I did n't know that /.
My dad loves me /.
and I love him /.
And I always did /.
Girl goes missing in Pittsburgh when she 's fourteen /.
Now ten years later goes into a local deli mart and tells the owner that she 's been held captive for the last ten years . Locked in a bedroom about two miles from her childhood home and only recently allowed out /.
Tanya Kach who had been going by the name Nickie said she ran away from home in eighth grade when she fell in love with a security guard in her middle school more than twice her age /.
The two were secretly quote dating /.
and she says the man Thomas Hose convinced her that she should come live with him at his house /.
Once she disappeared from her family Kach says Hose locked her in a bedroom leaving her a bucket to use for a toilet and giving her peanut butter sandwiches and bottled water /.
Police are investigating whether some of Hose 's family members may have lived in the house unaware of what was going on /.
Joining me now is Karen Wells from affiliate WPXI who interviewed Tanya Kach and her father yesterday and James Eckert who is Thomas Hose 's attorney /.
um Thanks to both of you for coming on the program /.
I appreciate it /.
All right before I get to Mr. Eckert uh Karen if you can lay out the story for us a little bit /.
I mean you spoke to her /.
You spoke to her father /.
um You know she 's saying that this was perfectly clear what happened that she goes home with this guy at age fourteen and then he effectively locks her in the home /.
That 's what she says /.
She says she did n't feel like she was loved at home /.
Her parents were going through a divorce /.
And um she said this man told her he would love her and take care of her /.
And she says for the next four years she was locked in a bedroom /.
So why did it take her so long to come forward /?
Well I tried to press her on that /.
and she said that um she feels she was brainwashed /.
um She felt /-
He threatened her she said /.
He threatened to kill her if she tried to leave /.
uh He said her case was a cold case /.
Nobody cared about her anymore /.
um So she just felt like she had no other choice but to stay there /.
I asked her if she was physically or sexually abused /.
She said no /.
uh She said he did take care of her /.
He bought her things /.
um If you look at the video of her you know she has her nails done /.
her hair 's done /.
She had nice clothing on /.
so um certainly not someone you would think was locked in a bedroom for ten years /.
But let 's be clear about something /.
You said she was n't sexually abused /.
But she does say she had sex with him when she was a child , right /?
Yes and under the law that would be a crime /.
Right /.
You 're not allowed to have sex with a person who 's fourteen years old /.
um When she says sexually abused I guess she does n't consider it rape /.
I do n't know /.
Okay /.
uh I just wanted to be clear because you know if you 're having sex with a fourteen year old girl you know uh that 's against the law /.
That 's against the law /.
uh James Eckert um let 's go though this /.
uh I know that your position is that uh this woman was not forced uh to be there /.
Did she live in the house since she was fourteen /?
Dan you know as well as I do /-
and I respect you for that question /.
But I 'm certainly not going to go into facts like that as to whether she lived there or she did n't live there /.
you know as well as I do there 's two sides to every story /.
And this is the side you hear from what you just heard and her /.
Well that 's why you 're on the show /.
and I appreciate that /.
And uh there 's another side /.
And the side is that we have a man who has never been involved in any crime in his lifetime /.
He 's almost fifty /.
He 's always worked /.
His entire life he 's worked /.
He worked as security guard for the last twelve years Never had any no problems whatsoever /.
He lives with his mother and dad and his son a twenty one year old /.
And this is /-
did /-
And he 's out on bond now /.
or he will be out on bond with a two hundred dollar bond /.
And that 's about it /.
So you wo n't say whether he had sex with her when she was fourteen /?
Dan you know very well I 'm not going to say he had sex with a fourteen year old when we have a preliminary hearing coming up and a trial coming up /.
I thought you might deny it /.
I beg your pardon /?
I thought you might deny it /.
I did n't expect you to say he did /.
No I did not say he did /.
nor will I say he even had sex with her /.
You know that Dan /.
I did n't know that /.
I did n't know that you did n't want to talk about that at all /.
um Will you say anything about how he knew her /?
No uh the only thing I can tell you is that it would appear to me that at no time whatsoever was she a prisoner /.
If she had been a prisoner in any way shape or form I 'm sure the Allegheny County police would have charged him with those charges /.
He has never been charged with anything like that /.
The only charges against him were four counts of uh sexual situations /.
And uh frankly from the time she was eighteen that 's an adult in this state of Pennsylvania she could have walked away done anything she wanted to do /.
She did go out /.
She did /-
You saw how she looked /.
And uh she was never a prisoner in any way shape or form /.
She could have four or five years ago done whatever she wanted to do /.
Suddenly this wonderful story of hers comes out which I assume will be made into a book someday /.
you know but you 're sort of mocking her /.
but yet if he was having sex with her from the time she was fourteen you know there is something about that where you could say that he really messed this girl up /.
Well if I said with you Dan that he did have sex with her that 's true /.
But I 'm not saying that /.
nor would I say that /.
Right no I 'm not /-
And I think if you were representing him you would n't be saying it either /.
and you know that /.
Well but you are sort of attacking her by saying if she wanted to go she could have gone and this and that and she looked /-
And then you 're saying well but I 'm not going to comment on whether he ruined her life before that /.
I said certainly if any part of this were true from the time she was eighteen years old until the time she was twenty four /.
Now she looks very mature for her age as you just saw and heard /.
There 's no question in my mind she could have done anything she wanted /.
As a matter of fact this relationship she suddenly has with her father /-
She left him on several occasions and ran away from him from what I understand /.
She was fourteen /.
But I 'm saying she ran away from him is what I understand /.
Where she ran I 'm not sure /.
I only know what I hear /.
Right /.
eh Karen Wells um what is her posi- /-
Is she basically saying that she was brainwashed /.
or is she saying she does n't know /?
No she 's basically saying she was brainwashed /.
and her father feels she was as well /.
um /.
How did she come to then /?
But how did she come to uh just recently /?
Well she explains it as over the past ten months she had some more freedom to go out /.
She started going out /.
She volunteered at a church /.
uh She was wearing a purple ribbon /.
I asked her what that was about /.
She said it was for Lent /.
So she was out and about in the public /.
and she started making friends especially a man at um a deli /.
And people kept questioning her /.
How come you do n't have a driver 's license /?
How come you did n't graduate from high school /?
You do n't work /.
You do n't have a job /.
And she could n't really come up with the right answers /.
And then She says finally she broke down and told this man at the deli everything because she just did n't have any answers for these questions anymore /.
And she felt that she had people she could trust and that she could turn to /.
She said her biggest fear was that if she tried to escape or if she told people they would n't believe her and she 'd be out on the street /.
She 'd be living on the street /.
Yeah /.
And she did n't want that /.
Well no question /.
There 's a lot unanswered questions here /.
and uh we 'll follow this to try and help get some of those answered /.
Karen Wells and James Eckert thank you very much for coming to the program /.
Thank you Dan /.
Have a good night /.
Appreciate it /.
Coming up , a man faces a death sentence in Afghanistan after he admits he 's converted to Christianity /.
And lawyers say the only way he can escape execution under Islamic law is to be declared mentally incompetent /?
And later we 've got a copy of Vice President Dick Cheney 's must - haves for when he 's staying in a hotel /.
I 'll compare them to mine /.
Your emails Abrams report at msnbc dot com /.
Please include your name and where you 're writing from /.
I respond at the end of the show /.
This next story may make you wonder which century you 're living in /.
An Afghan court could order this man executed for converting to Christianity /.
Abdul Rahman says he became a Christian fifteen years ago and was living in Germany before going back to Afghanistan in two thousand two in part to try and get custody of his two daughters /.
Apparently he was arrested when police found him with a copy of the Bible /.
President Bush not happy about this /.
It 's deeply troubling that a country we helped liberate Would hold a person to account because they chose a particular religion over another /.
But in the Afghan capital of Kabul it 's Islamic values that count /.
And under some interpretations of Islamic law apparently you can be sentenced to death for switching religions /.
Now the government is hinting that Rahman might be mentally ill and unfit to stand trial /.
But this Islamic cleric Abdul Ruf is n't impressed /.
He told the government quote he 's not mad /.
The government are playing games /.
The people will not be fooled /.
This is humiliating for Islam /.
Cut off his head /.
And he 's considered a moderate /.
The Taliban jailed him three times for criticizing their policies /.
Alex Thier is Senior Rule of Law Advisor with the United States Institute of Peace from two thousand three to two thousand four /.
He helped uh develop Afghanistan 's constitution and judicial system /.
Thanks a lot for coming on the program /.
Appreciate it /.
My pleasure /.
uh If you can explain this to us /.
Well Dan there 's really two things at play /.
In Afghanistan there is a power struggle going on between those who want to bring the country back into the community of nations and make it modern and democratic country and the Islamic conservatives who have really run the country uh for the last decade /.
Even before the Taliban there was also an Islamic government /.
and many of those same people are back in power /.
And Afghanistan really represents something that 's happening in the broader Islamic world which is a tension between democratic values on one hand and Islamic values on the other hand /.
I mean because the Afghan constitution article two point two says followers of other religions are free to exercise their faith and perform their religious rights within the limits of the provisions of law /.
Seems pretty straightforward /.
That 's right /.
uh And article seven of the constitution also cites the universal declaration of human rights which specifically says that people should have freedom to choose their own religion /.
let me read that /.
The state shall abide by the UN charter international treaties international conventions that Afghanistan has signed and the universal declaration of human rights /.
That 's exactly right /.
But there are contradictions within this constitution /.
Article three of the constitution says that no law shall eh contradict the beliefs or provisions of Islam /.
And article one thirty of the constitution says that if there is not something specific in Afghan law that speaks to a certain situation then judges should use their interpretation of Islamic law /.
In this case there is nothing in the Afghan criminal code which actually talks about the crime of apostasy or changing one 's religion /.
Well let me ask you about /-
I mean since you were involved in helping them create their constitution and their law when you were helping them do that did you foresee something like this maybe happening /?
We absolutely did /.
uh and there were several of us who really advised strongly both uh to the Afghan government and the people drafting the constitution as well as our own government that there were some very potentially dangerous contradictions within the constitution /.
um This was ultimately a document that was agreed upon That was drafted by the Afghans and agreed upon by the Afghans /.
And in the final negotiations they actually made the document even more Islamic and made the judiciary even more powerful um than what the original draft has done /.
So we did foresee some of these problems /.
here 's the president talking about how he hopes to deal with this /.
I want to listen to this and then ask you if you think that they 're going to be able to achieve this /.
We can solve this problem by working closely with the government that uh we 've got contacts with and will /.
We 'll deal with the issue diplomatically and remind people that there is something as universal as being able to choose religions /.
It is hard to believe right uh as outsiders uh that this is a country that uh has been liberated by the United States uh that there are still many US troops there fighting the Taliban et cetera and somehow uh we now have to negotiate the right of citizens there to practice Christianity /.
You 're right Dan /.
it 's a travesty um that something like this could happen anywhere in the world /.
And I think that it really contains a very important lesson for us in that we really need to pay close attention not to just broad questions like elections but specifically the law in countries like this /.
We could have worked over the last four years I believe much harder to make sure that Afghanistan had a competent non-ideological and non-political judiciary /.
um And we 're really going to have to work very closely with the Afghans in the future to help them improve their judicial system /.
Is it going to work /?
I mean is the President going to be able to work on this diplomatically as he says and with the people that they have contacts with and resolve this /?
I mean it sounds like what 's going to happen is the government 's going to declare this guy mentally ill /.
Well I think that the government is really looking for a way out of this /.
They have come under a tremendous amount of pressure /.
and obviously when Secretary of State Rice and the President weigh in uh this is of uh uh extreme importance at the highest levels /.
And so I have little doubt that the Afghan government will find some way to wiggle out of this either by declaring him insane or perhaps quietly letting him slip out of the country to seek asylum elsewhere /.
All right /.
Alex Thier thanks a lot for coming on the program /.
Appreciate it /.
My pleasure /.
Coming up , I thought it was only rock stars who have particular demands when they travel /.
But Vice President Cheney /?
My closing arguments /.
And later no surprise here lots of emails on the Debra Lafave case and whether it 's a double standard when prosecuting female teachers who have sex with young boys /.
Our continuing series Manhunt Sex Offenders on the Loose our effort to find missing offenders before they strike /.
Our search is in New Mexico /.
Authorities looking for Jason Huser /.
He 's twenty five six four one sixty five Was convicted of sexually exploiting children /.
He has not registered his address with the state /.
If you 've got any information on his whereabouts please contact the New Mexico Department of Public Safety five oh five eight two seven nine two nine seven /.
My closing argument /.
I 'm here in Chicago /.
When I travel , if I have to get up early I want a hotel close to the airport preferably a nice one /.
I need to know where I 'm going when I get here /.
and hopefully I get a ride /.
When I hear about people making specific demands what has to be in a hotel room I think pampered rock stars who only eat a particular color M and M or certain divas who require a particular type of flower in their suite /.
But Vice President Cheney /?
The web site the Smoking Gun obtained the items Cheney requires and required is underlined for his quote downtime /.
It lists what must be in his hotel rooms when he 's on the road Everything from the type of bread to the brand of soda /.
The lights must be turned on /.
And the room must be sixty eight degrees /.
Okay fair enough /.
But I wonder /.
someone comes in and looks at the thermostat to check and then goes down and says to the manager we said sixty eight degrees /.
Then he wants brewed decaf coffee /.
And just so he does not succomb to his innate desire to watch the program about justice all the televisions must be tuned to the home team Fox News /.
Horrors to think he might encounter other networks while flipping the channels himself on his way over /.
Ca n't have that /.
For some of the demands it 's a bit surprising they even had to ask /.
A private bathroom /.
Can you imagine /?
Welcome Vice President Cheney /.
We have you in a lovely room today /.
You 'll be sharing a bathroom with Steve Robbins in two oh two and a lovely couple in two oh three /.
Please have the Secret Service wait outside /.
And they add if the hotel would like to put a gift in the suite let the advance team know /.
Might want to let the IRS know as well /.
It 's got me thinking I should make some demands of my own /.
From now on whenever I travel I want a bottle of wine waiting not just any wine but fine wine /.
I want the tv tuned to msnbc /.
I want extra pillows and one of those really soft beds /.
And if it 's not there well then well well I guess I 'll just take the private bathroom /.
Coming up your emails on Debra Lafave /.
Again all these guys writing in oh I wish I had a teacher like her when I was fourteen /.
Stay with us /.
I 've had my say /.
Now it 's time for your rebuttal /.
A lot of you still writing in about former school teacher Debra Lafave who had sex with her fourteen year old student who wo n't serve any time in jail /.
We asked would a male teacher accused of the same crimes be spared prison time /.
and should there be a double standard /?
from Vermont Christine McGuinness /.
Shallow men like my own husband have made comments regarding her /.
You know the ones how they wish she had been their teacher et cetera how hot she is yada yada /.
shallow /.
At least you are n't like them /.
Thanks for that Dan /.
I 'm not /.
I know my producers are probably like ah uh /.
San Francisco Jonathan Rasmussen /.
The double standard is not between male and female but between real rape non-consensual and statutory rape consensual /.
And Christopher Frank writes from New York about a West Virginia teacher Toni Woods who was sentenced to four to twenty for having sex with four boys under the age of sixteen /.
The ugly female teachers who slept with her students get four to twenty years /.
The pretty ones get home confinement and probation /.
Your guests were talking about the double standard between male and female sex offenders /.
They should be focused on the double standard within the sexes /.
Well Christopher there 's also the fact that there were four victims versus one /.
Might have had something to do with it /.
Abrams report at msnbc dot com /.
Up next First Look /.
Faith on trial /.
US officials step up pressure to free an Afghan man condemned for converting to Christianity /.
That is just one of the stories we are /-
From NBC news in Washington this is Meet the Press with Jim Russert /.
Our issues this Sunday the war in Iraq tensions with Iran and the future of this woman our guest the Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice /.
Then will there be a White House staff shake - up /?
And what is at stake in the two thousand six midterm elections /?
Insight and analysis from David Broder of the Washington Post Elisabeth Bumiller White House correspondent for the New York Times Charlie Cook of the National Journal and John Harwood of the Wall Street Journal and CNBC /.
But first as we begin the fourth year of the war in Iraq we are joined by the Secretary of State /.
Welcome back Madame Secretary /.
Good morning /.
nice to be with you Tim /.
Very disturbing headlines in the papers yesterday the Russians helping Iraq /.
and this is how it was captured in the paper /.
Russian officials collected intelligence on US troop movements and attack plans from inside the American military command leading the two thousand and three invasion of Iraq and passed that information on to Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein according to a US military study /.
The intelligence report which the study said were provided to Hussein through the Russian ambassador in Baghdad during the height of the US assault warned accurately that American formations intended to bypass Iraqi cities on their thrust towards Baghdad /.
The reports provided some specific numbers on US troop units ' locations according to Iraqi documents dated March and April oh three and later captured by the United States /.
Have you told the Russians what is going on /?
Well we 're trying first to make sure we understand fully what the documents say /.
Uh these are documents that were found uh in Iraqi stores /.
and obviously Tim we would take very seriously uh any suggestion that uh this may have been done uh maybe to the detriment of American forces /.
And so uh we will certainly raise it with the Russian government /.
We want to uh take a real hard look at the documents and then raise it with the Russian government /.
But these are US documents a US report /.
yes /.
You believe the report /.
Oh I certainly think there is uh a lot to this report /.
but we really have n't had a chance to look at the documents in uh detail /.
Intend to do that and then to raise it with the Russian government /.
I would hope the Russian government will take it seriously /.
Will there be an investigation as to who leaked the information to the Russians /?
Well we 'll just have to see /.
I do n't want to get ahead of us /.
but obviously we take very seriously uh any suggestion that uh this may have been done at the beginning of the war /.
That would be a quite serious charge /.
could it have been deliberate misinformation /?
I do n't know /.
I think we really have to take a look at the documents /.
We 're finding thousands and thousands and thousands of documents /.
And uh we 're going to find some important and uh surprising things in these documents /.
I think we have to step back take a hard look at the documents /.
but we will raise it with the Russian government /.
When we first went into Iraq we had some unexpected encounters with Fedayeen /.
and we lost uh dozens of American men that Russians may have been responsible for American deaths /.
Well I do n't want to try hypothetically to know what impact this might have had /.
I think the first thing we need to do is take a good hard look at the documents /.
and then we definitely want to raise it with the Russian government /.
And again I would hope that the Russian government uh would take it seriously and give us a serious answer on what they find /.
Back in June of two thousand one the president said he looked Vladimir Putin in the eye /.
He got a sense of his soul found him to be very straightforward and very trustworthy /.
Does the president still believe that President Putin is straightforward and trustworthy /?
I really do think that the Russians have generally done what they said they would do /.
They said they were going to oppose the Iraq War and they did /.
and they told us that from the very beginning /.
Uh so I do n't have an argument there /.
and I do n't want to jump to the conclusion that this was something that was ordered out of the Kremlin /.
We have to look at the documents /.
We have to go to the Russian government /.
but I would hope that the Russian government would take seriously uh any suggestion uh that they may have passed uh data to the Iraqis uh at the advent of the war /.
But the Russian ambassador is the source /.
How could Putin not have known /.
and how could it be straightforward and honest for the Russians to help Saddam Hussein /?
Tim we have to get to the bottom of the facts of this /.
We will most certainly raise it with the Russian government /.
I 've said several times it 's a serious matter /.
but uh I do n't want to jump out ahead and start making accusations about what uh the Russians may or may not have known /.
This is something in a relationship that we have with the Russians that really is candid and where we do talk about difficult things all the time , where I think we 'll be able to talk about this and talk about it uh honestly /.
Why wo n't the Russians help us get sanctions in the United Nations against Iran and try to stop them from developing nuclear weapons /?
Well we 're not yet at the stage where we 're seeking sanctions /.
Uh what we 're doing now is uh we 're seeking a presidential statement that would make clear to Iran the international community 's determination that it live up to the obligations that everyone thinks Iran has /.
We 're working through it /.
Uh we have the same strategy here /.
We have the same uh view of the problem /.
The Russians do not want a nuclear weapon in Iran either /.
It 's been very clear in everything that they have tried to do in the way that they set up the civil nuclear cooporation with Bushehr in what they offered the Iranians that the Russians also do not believe that there should be enrichment and reprocessing capability on Iranian soil /.
And uh enrichment and reprocessing capability is the core here /.
If you 're able to enrich and reprocess then the ability to build a bomb is there /.
And so we and the Russians uh the Chinese and certainly the Europeans have the same view of what is to be prevented /.
Uh yes we 've had some tactical differences on how to get there /.
but uh I talked with my Russian counterpart uh on Friday /.
We agreed that our people would go back and work very hard this weekend and we 'll see where we are on Monday /.
Um we 're considering whether it might be a good idea to um after we have a presidential statement uh get ministers together again uh with the the P five the permanent five of the Security Council plus Germany uh to talk about charting a course forward because everybody takes very seriously Iran 's intransigence and Iran 's unwillingness uh to do what the international community is uh determined that it will do /.
It is the policy of our government that Iran will not be allowed to develop a nuclear weapon /.
Tim Iran can not be allowed to develop a nuclear weapon /.
That is the view of the international community not just the United States /.
This article is in the New York Times /.
The reality is that most of us think the Iranians are probably going to get a weapon or the technology to make one sooner or later an administration official acknowledged a few weeks ago refusing to talk on the record because such an admission amounts to a concession that dragging Iran in front of the United Nations Security Council may prove an exercise in futility /.
The optomists around here about the White House just hope we can delay the day by ten or twenty years and that by that time we 'll have a different relationship with a different Iranian government /.
That seems like a much different policy /.
Well since I do n't know who this anonymous person is I ca n't tell you what relationship they may have to the policy /.
I 'll tell you who does n't think that /.
I do n't believe uh that /.
I do n't believe that the President believes that because we 're doing everything that we can to uh send a strong signal to the Iranians that they have no choice /.
If they wish to be a part of the international community they have no choice but to give up ambitions that could lead to the technologies that would lead to a nuclear weapon /.
Uh if the international community stays really solid here Iran can not stand the kind of isolation from the international community that for instance North Korea endures almost by choice /.
We really do have a chance to solve this diplomatically /.
but Tim I would be the first to say we ca n't afford to waste time /.
That 's why we need our people in New York to really work toward this first phase /.
We need to see if that has an effect on the Iranians /.
and if it does not have an effect on the Iranians we need to move to the next phase /.
Which is /?
The next phase is uh to look to uh further uh options in the Security Council /.
For instance perhaps the chapter seven resolution /.
Which is /?
Chapter seven resolution essentially gives uh the UN or the Security Council the ability to compel a state to act /.
Uh it can um say that there would be consequences if actions are not taken /.
Including military /?
Well uh no one ever takes anything off the table /.
but I believe we 're a long way uh from that /.
We have the possibilities of financial measures that could be taken uh bans against travel /.
there are a lot of uh options once you 're in the Security Council /.
That 's why it was very important to get this uh Iranian dossier to the Security Council and why the diplomacy that we 've been working over the last uh couple of years to get the Europeans and the United States on the same page and to now bring the Russians and the Chinese along uh has been so important /.
do you believe if the President chose to embark on military action with Iran he would go to Congress for authorization first /?
I 'm not going to speculate on that /.
The president uh is uh clear that he keeps all of his options on the table /.
But Tim I think speculating about how we might uh set up military action is n't helpful at a time when we really are concentrating on the diplomacy /.
But I want to be very clear /.
But you would n't go to Congress /?
Well eh Tim of course the uh administration went to Congress uh the last time /.
And I would just uh ask people to look at the history of how this president uh has acted /.
He has uh taken Congress as a full partner in these matters /.
but I 'm not going to get into a discussion of what the President may or may not do uh constitutionally /.
Let me turn back to Iraq /.
The war now in its fourth year /.
and these are the grim statistics /.
US troops killed two thousand three hundred and sixteen . Wounded injured seventeen thousand two hundred seventy - one /.
Iraqis killed an estimated number is thirty thousand /.
Hundred and thirty thousand American troops on the ground /.
When you were planning the war some three and a half years ago did you have any idea that three years into the war those are the numbers that you would be confronting /?
Well I certainly thought that it would be difficult /.
Um I do n't think anyone um knew precisely what we would be facing in terms of numbers /.
And look /.
every one of those deaths is uh mourned by people in the administration uh because these are families that have lost um husbands and wives and daughters and sons /.
Um but we also know that nothing of value is ever won without sacrifice /.
We 're in Iraq because the um United States of America faces a different kind of enemy and a different kind of war /.
And we have to have a different kind of Middle East if we 're ever going to resolve the problems of an ideology of hatred that was so great that people flew airplanes into buildings /.
Saddam Hussein 's Iraq was a threat /.
Now that the /-
but Saddam was not related to flying airplanes into buildings /.
No /.
and we have never said that Saddam /-
uh Saddam was not related to the events of September eleventh /.
But if you really believe that the only thing that happened on September eleventh was people flew airplanes into buildings I think you have a very narrow view of what we faced on September eleventh /.
We faced um the outcome of an ideology of hatred throughout the Middle East that had to be dealt with /.
Saddam Hussein was a part of that old Middle East /.
The new Iraq will be a part of a new Middle East /.
and we will all be safer /.
But Madame Secretary weapons of mass destruction was the primary rationale given to go into Iraq /.
Lisa Myers of NBC news broke a story last week that the Iraqi foreign minister Mister Sabri became a spy for the French and the CIA /.
And this is how it was reported /.
Saddam Hussein 's last foreign minister Naji Sabri paid spy for +French intelligence later turned him over to the CIA to supply information about Iraq its chemical biological nuclear weapon program more than six months before the war began in March of oh three according {to} former intelligence officials /.
The sources said he provided information {the?} Iraqi dictator had ambitions for a nuclear program but it was not active and that no biological weapons were being produced or stockpiled although research was under way /.
That 's a far cry from what the American people were told /.
Of course Tim this was a single source among multiple sources /.
And the problem was that Saddam Hussein was unwilling after multiple resolutions in the Security Council to account for his uh weapons programs /.
Uh we all remember that the accounting of the UN uh weapons inspection mission that was supposed to uh look into its weapons program could not account for large stockpiles /.
We all thought that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction /.
He certainly had a a very healthy appetite for them /.
and he had used them before both against his own people and against his neighbors /.
He was a threat /.
This was someone shooting at our aircraft as they flew the no - fly zone /.
He 'd invaded his neighbors /.
But the point is that now that he 's gone Iraq has an opportunity to be a different Iraq in a different kind of Middle East /.
I know it 's hard /.
And I know that the numbers that you 've put up are difficult to see /.
And I know that the violence on TV is difficult /.
But I would ask people uh to look at the perspective here of what is really going on in Iraq /.
uh under the specter of this violence you have Iraqis now Sunni Shia Kurds and others determined to form a government of national unity /.
That 's extraordinary in Iraq 's history where they 've always settled their differences by violence not by politics /.
And when they succeed in that uh they are going to have the basis for a very uh different kind of Iraq /.
and I think they 're going to succeed /.
But people are being asked to take your judgement on this as we sit here this morning and refer to previous judgements the administration made /.
Weapons of mass destruction there were none /.
We would be greeted as liberators /.
this is three years later /.
That it would not take hundreds of thousands of American troops to occupy Iraq /.
Tommy Franks according to the book Cobra Two said we 'd be down to thirty thousand troops in November of oh three /.
The cost of the war the budget director of the White House said it 'd be fifty billion dollars /.
It 's now over three hundred and fifty billion dollars /.
Each judgement has proven to be wrong /.
The judgement that has not proven to be wrong uh Tim is that the region is changing in fundemental ways and the region is better without Saddam Hussein /.
Yes it is true that uh everyone thought he had weapons of mass destruction /.
He did not /.
It is by the way the case that the Iraqis are delighted to be rid of him /.
And uh most Iraqis in fact uh are willing and uh want to keep coalition forces there until they can uh take care of this themselves /.
But we do have to keep things in historical perspective /.
These people are doing something that is quite unknown in the Middle East /.
and one has to ask what was the alternative /?
Was the alternative to leave Saddam Hussein in power uh continuing to threaten his neighbors continuing with his uh windfall profits from the oil for food scandal continuing to repress uh his people and build mass graves uh continuing to uh use those oil for food profits to again build the infrastructure for his weapons of mass destruction /?
But many will say he was contained by the no - fly zone /.
Ah I do not think that he was in a box /.
He was in a box /.
the oil for food program alone shows that the billions of dollars that he was collecting /-
He was not just going to build palaces /.
This was someone who had an insatiable appetite uh to dominate his region /.
Now without Saddam Hussein you can look across the region and see that uh a lot is changing thanks to the President 's democracy uh promotion and the hard work of people in those countries /.
You have Syrian forces out of Lebanon /.
You have uh Saddam Hussein out of uh Iraq /.
The people of the Middle East are taking on authoritarian governments across the Middle East /.
Kuwait has given women the right to vote /.
I 'd be the first to say that these big historical changes are turbulent and they 're difficult /.
But the notion that somehow there was a placid Middle East , that if we just left it alone , if we 'd just not invaded Iraq , if we had just not overthrown dictators , if we {had?} just not challenged Syrian power in Lebanon everything would be just fine uh is simply not true /.
It was that Middle East the malignancy of the Middle East that we quote unquote disturbed that led directly to the September eleventh event /.
The President said this week that whether there 'll be troops in Iraq for the unforeseeable future will be determined by the next president meaning we 're going to have troops in Iraq at least through January of oh nine /.
Oh the President was asked this question in a particular way /.
and he answered that uh some American troops may well be there for the next president /.
But I would just point to what uh the President has said continually which is that American forces are going to come down uh commensurate with the need as Iraqi forces stand up /.
and they are indeed standing up /.
General Casey has talked about a significant reduction of American forces over the next year /.
and that significant reduction is because Iraqi forces are taking and holding territory now because during this most recent uptick of sectarian violence the Iraqi army uh uh behaved very very well /.
So Iraqi forces are getting better /.
American forces are ceding territory /.
and I think it 's entirely uh probable that we will see a significant draw - down of American forces over the uh next year /.
That 's what General Casey believes /.
Was /-
this year /.
It 's all dependent on events on the ground /.
but as General Casey has said we see the progress with Iraqi forces /.
We see the progress of the political process /.
And uh there 's every reason to believe that American forces can start to draw down /.
Is the insurgency in its last throes /?
Well the insurgency uh politicially is certainly in danger because {of?} the Sunnis who stood outside of the political process /.
But in terms of violence is it in its last throes /?
Well the insurgency is still able uh to pull off violence and kill innocent children or kill an innocent school teacher /.
Yes they are able to do that /.
and they might be able to do that for some time /.
But what they 've not been able to do is to disrupt the political process /.
What they 've not been able to do is to set Iraqis uh one against another in the political process /.
They 've not been able to stop three elections /.
They 're not able to stop formation of uh the government /.
Uh a few violent people can always uh grab headlines and can always kill innocent people /.
It 's more than a few /.
Well it 's a few in terms of the population of Iraqis /.
But it could not exist without being enabled by the population /.
Well the population is less and less enabling every day /.
There are reports that Zarqawi and al - Qaeda meet stiff resistance indeed violent resistance from Iraqi tribes /.
Sunnis are now a part of the political process /.
And I know that people wonder when will the government formation finish /.
Uh it seems to be dragging on after the election /.
But I would just note I read the other day someone said well they 're dividing up the spoils of the offices /.
That 's not what they 're doing in this process /.
They are writing a government program on which the national unity will govern /.
They are writing the rules by which they will govern /.
And they 're determining who will take key positions /.
So this is uh an extraordinary matter an extraordinary scene with Iraqis Sunni and Shia and Kurds all working together toward a unity government /.
Let me turn to Afghanistan /.
There 's a story moving on the wires that the Afghan court has just dismissed the charges against this gentleman who had converted to Christianity /.
Are you aware that was going to happen /?
I ca n't confirm uh that particular report uh Tim /.
I know that the Afghans are working on it /.
They 've been very aware um of the issue and of the concerns about the issue /.
This is a young democracy that is uh working with a constitution that uh like many constitutions when they 're first born uh the conflicts have to be worked out /.
we have our own history of conflicts that had to be worked out after a new constitution /.
And so um the Afghans are working on it /.
but America has stood solidly for religious freedom uh as the bedrock uh of uh democracy /.
and um we 'll see /.
but I ca n't confirm that specifically /.
Should American Christian missionaries be encouraged to go to Afghanistan /?
Well I think that Afghans are uh pleased to get uh the help that they can get /.
We need to be respectful of Afghan sovereignty /.
Including Christian missionaries /.
We have to be respectful of Afghan sovereignty and Tim respectful of the fact that this is a country that is coming out of twenty - five years of civil war a country that 's going to have to find its own way and a country that is going through one of the most difficult uh debates that any society goes through /.
and that is the proper role of religion in uh the politics of the state /.
It 's a debate by the way that all of us went through at some point in our history /.
But Madame Secretary we talk all the time about spreading democracy /.
and your own state department report on human rights abuses eh says that Christianity is punishable by death that Christian missionaries are not welcome that women can not get a passport or leave the country without permission of a man /.
This is a far cry from the responsibilities and rights given to most people who live in a democracy /.
it 's also a far cry from the Taliban /.
This is a country that has come an enormous way in four years where yes the uh issues of the constitution are going to be debated in this very traditional society that is trying now to move to a modern political system /.
I would just ask people to remember how hard this was for us /.
Tim I am I hate to say fifty one years old /.
but it 's in my lifetime that uh black Americans were guaranteed the right to vote /.
Who are we to be uh uh eh so insistent that people must do this overnight /?
We 're working with the Afghan government /.
They 're moving in a democratic fashion /.
It 's going to be hard /.
But when something arises uh as with Mister Rahman it is the obligation of the international community and the United States and there has been support across Europe for this that the Afghans be reminded that in their own constitution they have enshrined the universal declaration on human rights which guarantees certain religious freedoms /.
We did n't have that constitution with the Taliban to work with /.
So Christians should be able to worship /?
People should be able to convert to Christianity in Afghanistan /.
of course Tim /.
eh the universal declaration of human rights is clear on this /.
but I would have to say that Afghans are going to have to work through some of the difficulties and contradictions /.
But it ca n't be done on a case by case business /.
It has to be ensured /.
They will have to work through court cases as we have to interpret the +constitution /.
They will have to work through individual cases /.
And I 'm quite certain that the evolution of Afghan democracy is going in the right direction /.
But I would just remind people that four years ago the Taliban was executing people wantonly in uh stadiums for playing music /.
This is a country that has come a very very long way /.
and women were not being educated uh at all /.
It was punishable to educate women /.
This is a place that has come a long long way /.
Let 's support them in uh their quest to become a modern democracy /.
You mentioned you 're fifty one /.
and I 'm curious if it 's time for a career change /.
We 've discussed uh uh future options for you on this program /.
Here was the headline all across the paper /.
NFL commisioner Paul Tagliabue step down in July /.
and here 's our conversations in two thousand one two three and four on this subject /.
In your next life you want to be commisioner of the NFL /?
Right /.
I think the NFL is really a terrific institution /.
and I 'd love to be associated with it one day /.
Another first /?
Uh Tim I 'm going off to be commisioner of NFL /.
remember /?
I think Paul Tagliabue 's doing a fine job as NFL commisioner /.
but um I look forward to uh the day that he decides to retire /.
and uh I very much think that the the best job in America 's got to be NFL commisioner /.
You just announced your candidacy /.
I still think the best job in America may be NFL commisioner /.
It 's a little too soon for me /.
I 've got lots to do as Secretary of State /.
and I think my ship came in /.
It 's going to have to leave the port without me /.
So you 're not interested /?
No not interested /.
Now Fred Barns a reporter uh uh has close ties to the eh sources to the White House wrote this in the Wall Street Journal the other day /.
A third time for Bush the president 's most spectacular move would be to annoint a presidential successor /.
This would require Vice President Cheney to resign /.
His replacement /?
Condoleezza Rice who Mister Bush regards highly /.
We 've got a great vice president of the United States in uh Vice President Cheney /.
Uh he is uh doing a fantastic job for the president and uh for the country /.
Um he is really one of the strongest uh supporters that uh I 've drawn on from time to time /.
and uh he 's doing a great job /.
I think I 'd better try to be Secretary of St- /-
You just gave a whole list of things I have to work on as Secretary of State /.
But if the President came to you and said Dick Cheney 's going to resign I want you to be my vice president because I want you to run in two thousand eight you would n't say no /.
Tim ah I think we 've been through this conversation about two thousand and eight /.
I 'm not going to do that /.
That 's not what I want to do with my life /.
Laura Bush said you 'd make an excellent president and I do n't think we can talk her into running /.
Uh well I really appreciate that the first lady who I admire very much uh thinks that /.
but the last part of that 's right /.
Will not happen /.
I do n't think it 's going to happen /.
Madame Secretary as always we thank you for sharing your views /.
Thank you very much /.
Coming next , David Broder Elisabeth Bumiller Charlie Cook John Harwood interpret the Washington political landscape tackle the issue of immigration and look at the midterm elections in two thousand six /.
Right here on Meet the Press /.
The politics of immigration Iraq and the midterm congressional elections /.
David Broder Elisabeth Bumiller Charlie Cook John Harwood a round table after this station break /.
And we are back /.
Welcome all /.
Immigration /.
Look at these scenes and these pictures from Los Angeles /.
Five hundred thousand people according to police estimates turned out to protest some of the immigration reforms that are being discussed debated perhaps legislated in Washington /.
David Broder how big of a political issue is immigration /.
and what are the potential pitfalls for politicians as they try to navigate the issue /?
It started as a border issue in uh states that have common boundaries with Mexico particularly /.
Uh it has now become a national issue /.
Talking to Republican Governor of Minnesota it 's a big issue in his state /.
Suburban Illinois districts now find large Hispanic populations /.
It has become a much tougher issue for politicians of both parties but particularly I think for Republicans /.
The polling we have seen with the Wall Street Journal NBC eighty - eight percent say it 's a serious problem /.
sixty - two percent say that illegal immigrants should not be allowed to become citizens /.
and sixty percent say that we should n't even give them guest worker status to come here temporarily /.
Elisabeth Bumiller you wrote a piece in the New York Times quote Bush is facing a difficult path on immigration talking about the joint pressures on President Bush from the business community we need these people to work because Americans wo n't do the jobs and the conservative community saying illegal immigrants get them out /.
What does he do /?
He 's trying to uh thread the needle and walk a very fine line between both of these groups /.
I mean inches he 's a former governor of a border state /.
so this is very close to his political experience /.
in the early days of this debate in two thousand four he was giving very emotional speeches about America the land of immigrants /.
and he was proposing what many Republicans said was a very generous guest worker program /.
Um he has pulled back a lot now ah under onslaught from conservatives /.
and now he 's emphasizing the border security part of his plan /.
He 's trying to do both /.
as we know there 's a lot of different proposals on the hill right now /.
We 'll see some of them next week /.
Um the White House is hanging back waiting to see what comes out of the smoke /.
and then we 'll weigh in /.
Charlie Cook it appears that the American people have very firm views about immigration and that the President and other politicians are kind of trying to nuance the issue /.
Is that possible /?
Well it 's a funny issue /.
If you ask me what 's the most important problem facing the country it 's a small single digit issue /.
but then once you raise it boy emotions run high /.
and it 's hard to split the baby /.
and I can see where the president 's trying to go the let 's build a wall or build a barrier stop illegal immigration /.
But for the people we have we got to mainstream them and keep this workforce going because that 's important for agribusiness and business /.
Is that politically acceptable to conservatives /?
Eh it 's not acceptable to anybody /.
but it 's the only way I think /-
I mean they 're going to have to figure out a way to split the baby because one way or the other is just not going to work /.
John /?
Well let 's do n't forget Tim Democrats are also split on this issue /.
Lot of African - Americans are not very sympathetic with the cause of the guest worker program /.
Uh the White House Elisabeth mentioned trying to thread the needle one of the things they were looking at is trying to push the final resolution of this until after the midterm election /.
That also could happen on some budget issues as well as a way of trying to make some sort of common cause between moderate Democrats and moderate Republicans /.
You know in two thousand Florida Florida Florida /.
Two thousand four Ohio Ohio Ohio /.
You look at two thousand eight that electoral college map /.
and you look at states like New Mexico and Arizona and Colorado some real potential swing states /.
And this issue could be very decisive as we play it through /.
Well let 's do n't forget one other thing Tim /.
This was raised in the Virginia governor 's race last year by the republican candidate who went after some of these job centers that attract illegal immigrants /.
Did n't work for him /.
so sometimes the emotion of the issue does n't always prevail /.
Let me turn to Iraq the big discussion in our country about Iraq the way the issue is being covered by the media /.
Uh Vice President Cheney last Sunday made these comments /.
There 's a constant sort of perception if you will that is created because what 's newsworthy is the car bomb in Baghdad it 's not all the work that went on that day in fifteen other provinces in terms of making progress towards rebuilding Iraq /.
Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld weighed in /.
The terrorists seem to recognize that they 're losing in Iraq /.
I believe that history will show that to be the case /.
Fortunately history is not made up of daily headlines blogs on the websites or the latest sensational attack /.
And then this Wednesday President Bush went to a town meeting in West Virginia of his supporters /.
and here 's one of the questions that was asked /.
And I ask you this from the bottom of my heart for a solution to this because it seems that our major media networks do n't want to portray the good . They just want to focus /-
Okay hold on a second /.
They just want to focus on another car bomb /.
or they just want to focus on some more bloodshed /.
Does that issue work that it 's the mainstream media that 's distorting the good news that 's coming out of Iraq /?
I think it helps with the republican base /.
but I do n't think it helps with swing voters at all /.
First of all it 's the nature of news /.
I mean on the evening news at night a car that is n't in a wreck is n't in the news /.
A house that does n't burn a building that does n't burn a killing that does n't take place /.
News is the aberration is the change from normalcy /.
Secondly uh eighty journalists so far have been killed over there /.
Um I mean I mean getting out there and looking around wandering around Iraq looking for good news sounds to me like a good way to get killed /.
And then the third thing is that I do n't know if they really want to try to sell this because people do n't think uh that everything 's fine /.
I think this is just an extenuation of holding the banner that says mission accomplished /.
The people do n't think it 's well /.
They can see that it 's not going well /.
And what happens in fifteen provinces does n't matter /.
if they think that this thing is just really going to hell in a handbasket um I mean you know that 's that /.
David Broder /?
The ombudsman at The Post Deborah Howell has a very thoughtful analysis of this question in the paper today which I would refer people to /.
I think the answer is that when there is this level of violence and turmoil in a country that has to be the heart of the story that the press is telling /.
The other parts of it do get told /.
but they do not dominate the news /.
and they ca n't dominate the news given the realities of that country /.
Nor should they dominate the news /.
It 's a very weak argument /.
when you have as Charlie said journalists over there who can not move around the country to report because they know that they 're in danger of being killed at any moment that tells you about the state of security in the country /.
It 's not good /.
The White House /?
the other thing that 's interesting what you did n't show was the President 's response to her /.
I was there that day /.
and he was very very careful not to jump on her bandwagon /.
In fact uh I mean obviously he did n't have to /.
She did it for him /.
but the point is he said look , wait a minute /.
You know um I understand your frustration /.
but um we have a free press in this country /.
We ca n't tell them what to do /.
He pulled back somewhat from her comment /.
and I think you 're right Charlie that they know they ca n't sell this and when they 've tried in the past it has backfired on them /.
But the President also said do n't be afraid to go to blogs and find out some more information /.
Yes I mean I mean these are gradations here in White House response /.
But is the White House convinced that in order to secure the base of the Republican Party for the President it does n't hurt to go after the media a little bit /?
of course not /.
They do it all the time /.
uh and they complain all the time about what we do /.
but I have noticed this past week Scott McClellan saying the White House Press Secretary you know we 're not blaming the media for the war in Iraq /.
He said that a couple times this week /.
And so again they 're being a little more careful here than usual /.
And did you really fall asleep in that press pool /.
or was that a cheap shot by the President /?
That 's completely inaccurate /.
I wo n't say I have n't nodded off in previous speeches but not that one /.
There is a difference +between meditation and sleep /.
uh David Broder let me turn to the rebellion that I sense with some House members uh particularly in the Republican Party when you go talk to them privately /.
You captured it in your column this way /.
The conflict over the Dubai Ports World brought to the surface deep - seated resentments from the Capitol end of Pennsylvania Avenue toward the people around the President and surprisingly toward Bush himself /.
The harmony that had prevailed during most of Bush 's tenure the deference that a Republican controlled Congress has generally shown to his wishes disappeared /.
Even the normal circumspection with which congressional Republicans treat the White House withered in the heat of this dispute /.
And then this /.
Congressman Tom Davis of Virginia a committee chairman told The Post this is probably the worst administration ever in getting Congress ' opinion on anything /.
Ouch /.
Well you had heard this kind of comment all of us had privately from Republicans on the hill /.
But the fact that somebody like Tom Davis former chairman of the Republican Congressional Campaign Committee is saying it publicly on the record uh gives you a measure of the sort of fall - off of any sense of either loyalty or intimidation whatever you want to call it to the White House /.
Uh they uh feel that they 're on their own and that the President is going to take care of his business but they 're going to take care of their own /.
One of the things being talked about Elisabeth Bumiller is the staff shake - up at the White House /.
This is how you reported it /.
Republicans outside the White House say that had pushed Mister Bush uh not to replace Karl Rove the chief uh political operator Deputy uh Chief of Staff but rather to bring in someone at the same level or above perhaps as minister without portfolio /.
One Republican said Mister Bush should view it as replacing a top - notch pitcher struggling in the later innings of a baseball game rather than as a vote of no - confidence in a friend /.
So who 's the reliever /?
Well there 's lots of names that they /-
You 've heard them as well as I have /.
Ed Gillespie uh you know Bill Paxon /.
there 's lots of names /.
Um the question is are they going to do it /.
and right now there 's a lot of talk at the White House /.
There 's no indication that the President has signed on to this idea /.
Karl Rove has told people that he thinks that bringing somebody in without a clear line of authority is a mistake /.
and uh the bottom line is is this going to help with the war in Iraq /?
you know you know we 're not talking about changing policies here /.
we 're you know changing you know some personnel /.
so that 's /-
it 's unclear if anything 's going to happen /.
John /?
Well chances are pretty good something will happen /.
The President of course did n't rule out the idea of bringing someone on /.
Bill Paxon 's a possibility /.
Vin Weber 's also a possibility /.
And I think over time you could see some changes in the White House staff as well /.
When you look at sort of the big three or the biggest names in the White House Andy Card Karl Rove Dan Bartlett you could see some change over time /.
Andy Card probably the most likely to leave at some point /.
He 's almost uh already the longest serving Chief of Staff ever /.
You could see some change there /.
on the verge of dethroning Sherman Adams of Dwight Eisenhower fame /.
You bet /.
Uh let me turn to the midterm elections where all these things +invariably lead /.
Here 's our latest numbers in the Wall Street Journal poll right track wrong track /.
United States headed in the right direction twenty - six percent /.
One of four /.
Sixty - two percent say wrong track /.
and the so called generic question who do you want to control Congress /.
Republicans thirty - seven percent /.
Fifty percent now a majority say the Democrats /.
but as always Charlie Cook is warning of us to go slow /.
And here 's his latest column from the National Journal /.
Despite national political trends indicating that the GOP is in serious trouble a race by race micro-analysis suggests that Democrats can not easily seize control of the House or Senate this fall /.
In the Senate Democrats need a net gain of six seats /.
Democrats need to win in Tennessee where Bill Frist is retiring have to run the table by defeating all the most vulnerable Republicans while holding all of their own seats including in Minnesota where their incumbent is retiring and in Washington state where Senator Maria Cantwell faces a very strong challenger /.
They also need to hang on to somewhat more secure open seats in Maryland and Vermont as well as fourteen other incumbents /.
Although not impossible in a favorable political climate this is a very tall order /.
and here are the vulnerable states according to the Cook report /.
Uh vulnerable senators Conrad Burns in Montana Lincoln Chafee Rhode Island Mike DeWine Ohio Santorum in Pennsylvania Jim Talent Missouri and the Tennessee seat /.
Charlie what do you see in the Senate /?
you know when you look at this election from the big picture the national numbers boy just looks horrible /.
and it looks like gosh Republicans will be lucky if they hold onto anything /.
And then you do the race by race like this /.
Now the thing is the first three or four for Democrats probably are n't that hard /.
But when you get to the fifth and sixth seats you get to winning in Ohio and talking about the Tennessee open seat /.
Gosh that 's hard /.
I mean it 's going to take a real real real strong wind up their backs /.
and it 's the kind of thing where there 's structural barriers /.
I mean eighty - five percent of all incumbent senators get reelected /.
And you 've got to knock out five of them /?
Now it can happen /.
but it 's hard /.
And it 's kind of like having uh structural barriers that are out there that are protecting the Republican majorities /.
and if this is a category one two or three hurricane those barriers are strong enough /.
but if it 's a four or five they 're not /.
And the question is how tall will it be /.
And Tim some of those races can change overnight in a hurry /.
Conrad Burns has now got a primary challenge from a significant Republican /.
There 's some talk among Republicans that maybe Conrad Burns would find something else to do maybe in the Bush administration /.
That could change in a hurry /.
Charlie you also say this about the House /.
In the House where Democrats need a net gain of fifteen seats only about three dozen are truly in play today /.
So it 's tough /.
and you have to get an inside straight /.
Right there 're basically twenty - four republican seats that today are vulnerable /.
Democrats have to win fifteen out of twenty - four and hold on to their eleven the toughest ones /.
And again they can do it /.
if there were more Republican retirements in tough districts , if uh /-
But redistricting and the incumbency advantages that have built over the years just make pulling this kind of win hard unless it 's a category four or five /.
Well in nineteen ninety - four you talked about micro-changes thirty to thirty - five seats in the House /.
and the tsunami came /.
Republicans won fifty - two seats uh electing Newt Gingrich Speaker of the House /.
Newt Gingrich has now weighed in David Broder and said that the Democrats ' slogan in two thousand six should be had enough /.
And he thinks that would work /.
What a helper Gingrich is /.
Uh I think the Democrats ' real slogan may very well be would n't you like to have somebody watching the store because the sense that I get from talking to voters is that they are not ready to entrust the government to the Democrats but they 're not really comfortable with the way the Republicans have been running things /.
And the simple idea of having a little oversight uh little checks and balances back in the system is potentially a really powerful argument for Democrats /.
Elisabeth Bumiller when the White House hears little oversight checks and balances to them it means hearings with subpoena power /.
and they do n't like that /.
That 's right /.
No no /.
and you know Karl Rove has told people he 's optomistic they can hang on to both Houses um uh if /-
But he also has said yes it can happen the way Charlie Cook says /.
And you know you 're going to see the Pre- /-
the President 's out a lot these days campaigning already raising money for candidates /.
and uh he 's out in all these big states /.
Because the last thing the White House wants is investigation into weapons of mass destruction and to prison abuse and to religious rights in Afghanistan /.
drop the issue /.
and there 's a hearing /.
I mean that 's the last two years of the Bush presidency then /.
and they know that /.
That 's true Tim /.
but let 's keep in mind first of all keeping Republican majority is not the top priority for this White House /.
Winning the war in Iraq is the top priority /.
And secondly it might not be the worst thing to happen to George W Bush if Democrats had a weak majority /.
You could see some deals cut especially on entitlement programs the last two years if Democrats try to resolve a problem before they hope they get a president in two thousand nine /.
David is it enough for the Democrats to say we 're not the Republicans period /.
or do they have to come forward with a specific proposal to deal with these problems including Iraq /?
Well if they 're going to be responsible they need some policy /.
And the great void on the Democratic side is nobody can tell you today what their policy is about Iraq about entitlements or about any of the other challenges facing the country /.
Whether they need that politically somebody else is smart enough to decide /.
But if they 're going to be a responsible party they need to talk about policy /.
Do they need to do it /?
See I would argue that minority parties do n't have to be responsible /.
That 's the one good thing going for them /.
and when they try to be responsible they 're just going to dig themselves into a hole /.
I mean your job is to throw rocks /.
Once you start offering alternatives then suddenly you 're playing defense as well /.
I think Democrats would be crazy from a political standpoint to offer up proposals /.
That movie Cool Hand Luke sometimes nothing 's a real cool hand /.
Exactly /.
Elisabeth Afghanistan a very thorny issue for this president uh who is uh very open about his Christianity /.
and now we have the situation where it appears this gentleman who converted to Christianity in Afghanistan has been spared the death penalty /.
But it 's an ongoing issue as Secretary Rice seemed to indicate as that democracy in Afghanistan goes through some serious growing pains dealing with religious rights women 's rights civil rights human rights /.
Right well this is what happens when you call for democracy in problematic parts of the world /.
We saw this in the elections in the Palestinian territories obviously /.
What do you do when you call for democracy and the wrong party wins in your view /?
This was also going on in Afghanistan /.
Um the president was ver- /-
You know you saw him this week saying this was deeply troubling /.
Um it would be interesting to know what was going on behind the scenes and what kind of pressure was put on Afghanistan our good ally /.
Um obviously uh uh it looks like they got out of this one for now /.
John uh Harwood Secretary Rice openly talking about American troop withdrawals /.
How much are politicans expecting to have significant troop withdrawals before the midterm elections /?
I think Republicans are definitely expecting it and that could change the political environment /.
That 's one of the biggest drivers of this wrong track sentiment that we 've been talking about this morning /.
Uh but eh as uh uh David discussed Democrats do n't exactly have a clear voice /.
They 're going to try to finesse it this week and have an event drawing together all factions of the party criticizing Bush and calling for some sort of transition without specifying exactly how it 's going to take place trying to have an umbrella under which those who want to withdraw troops quickly and those who want to go more slowly can all rally behind /.
Is n't that the Republicans ' hope David that by October enough troops have come home the President can then give a speech that says you see /.
we 're making progress /.
Stay the course /.
Do n't take a chance by going on with these other guys and doing something dangerous /.
If that happens the Republicans would benefit /.
and the country would benefit /.
And uh let 's just hope that it 's possible /.
Charlie Cook politically will that be enough to deal with people 's anxieties concerns about Iraq /?
That would help a lot /.
I mean your NBC Wall Street Journal polls show that Iraq was just a wet blanket over the administration /.
It was weighing everything down /.
And these Republican members one of them told us he comes in for the Tuesday uh House Republican conference lunch and he can tell who 's just gotten a poll back that they have this shell - shocked look on their face /.
Somebody else said ashen /.
One other member said suddenly they start going into fundraising frenzies because they 're getting polls back in their individual districts that are starting to reflect those national numbers that look so horrible for them /.
It 's March madness for congressional Republicans too Tim /.
I 'll tell you that /.
Speaking of March madness you 're a Duke man /.
Who do you like now /?
Boy I 'm rooting for George Mason /.
that 's the uh underdog pick right now /.
The Patriots /.
Charlie /?
LSU /.
I 'm from Shreveport Louisianna /.
Shreveport /.
Georgetown 's out /.
so I 'm for LSU /.
David +Broder /?
Villanova /.
Villanova /.
I got my BC hat /.
I was ready to wear this for the final four /.
but uh uh I /-
you know what /.
you got to go for big baby Davis /.
Elisabeth /?
You 're the basketball fan /.
whatever you say Tim /.
Who 's playing /?
I 'm better than that /.
Alright you sure are /.
Elisabeth Bumiller John Harwood David Broder Charlie Cook we 'll be right back /.
Do n't forget /.
you can now watch the entire hour of Meet the Press whenever wherever you want /.
Our Meet the Press webcast posted each Sunday at one PM eastern on our website MTP dot MSNBC dot com /.
That 's all for today /.
We 'll be back next week /.
If it 's Sunday it 's Meet the Press /.
Do you ever watch Dateline NBC /?
Yes /.
Have you ever seen our stories on computer predators /?
Yes /.
This is one of them /.