Big Managers on Campus
In recent years , advanced education for professionals has become a hot topic in the business community .
With this trend , suddenly the mature faces of managers boasting an average of over ten years of professional experience have flooded in among the young people populating university campuses .
In order to attract this group of seasoned adults pulling in over NT$ 1 million a year back to the ivory tower , universities have begun to establish executive MBA -LRB- EMBA -RRB- programs .
In response , each year over 1000 mature professionals looking to recharge their minds and retool their know - how compete for a precious few openings in executive degree programs at top institutions such as National Taiwan University -LRB- NTU -RRB- and National Chengchi University .
What brings these accomplished business professionals back to the classroom ?
What knowledge do they seek that can not be found in society at large ?
And what effect does their return have on campus ?
Morris Chang , chairman of TSMC and a leading light of Taiwan 's high - tech industry , is the hottest university lecturer around .
Two years ago , National Chiaotung University invited Chang , one of the Taiwan IT sector 's most prominent success stories , to lecture to students in its MBA program for top managers , single - handedly raising awareness of executive MBA -LRB- EMBA -RRB- programs .
This year , Acer Group chairman Stan Shih will be a guest lecturer at the university .
The crush of business professionals fighting for a spot in the MBA program at Taiwan 's most illustrious institution of higher education - National Taiwan University - ensured that the acceptance rate for the executive graduate school was even lower than that for undergraduates taking the national university entrance examinations .
Various indications demonstrate that the " back flow education " promoted by the Ministry of Education has become the hottest investment undertaking among Taiwan 's universities .
Three years ago , in the effort to establish a greater diversity of higher educational avenues , the Ministry of Education -LRB- MOE -RRB- greatly increased the number of MA degrees open to professionals in the workforce , steadily reducing the proportion of regular students to professionals from the previous 9 - to - 1 ratio .
In addition , the MOE allowed universities to determine entrance examination topics , testing dates and times , and fee structures individually to help them find and obtain the best students .
Always in search of revenue sources , universities naturally fell right into line .
Twelve institutions opened programs in 1999 , with the number of executive degree programs growing to 34 as of this year .
And as the supply has grown , professionals looking to recharge their intellectual batteries in disciplines ranging from Chinese , foreign languages , and physics to information technology and management now have a greater selection from which to choose .
Management white - hot
A wide range of programs is available , but popularity varies greatly .
Last year , National Taiwan University of Science and Technology -LRB- NTUST -RRB- opened the doors of five of its graduate schools to professionals in the workforce .
Among them , the Institute of Fiber planned to accept 10 students , but only 20 applied , resulting in a 50 % acceptance rate ; meanwhile , the Institute of Mechanical Engineering had only 30 applicants for 10 spots .
Similarly , nine graduate institutes at NTU , including mechanical engineering , Three Principles of the People , and biology , opened degree programs to professionals last year .
Expecting to accept 167 students , they attracted a mere 330 - combined applicants .
Compared to the lukewarm popularity of other graduate programs , management institutes are white hot .
The NTUST College of Management attracted nearly 500 applicants with over 10 years of work experience for 20 spots in its executive management program beginning in 1999 .
NTU 's College of Management opened its doors to 44 professionals on a trial basis in 1996 , attracting a phenomenal 990 applicants .
When 95 spots were offered the following year , the number of applicants rose again to 1400 .
Currently , around a dozen public and private universities in Taiwan , including NTU , National Chiaotung University , National Sun Yat - sen University , Da - Yeh Institute of Technology , and Yuan - Ze Institute of Technology , offer advanced degree programs for executive management personnel .
What is it that makes graduate programs in management so popular among the working population ?
Liao Ching - jong , director of the NTUST College of Management , relates that new entrants into the professional ranks concentrate on accumulating professional know - how , while seasoned middle - and top - level executives seek an edge in management .
And while most recent university graduates are able to apply professional know - how upon entering the work force , one is not necessarily taught management in the workplace .
Hence universities are the place for systematic instruction on management .
" Given the speed at which the business environment is changing , many new concepts were not previously taught , " says Wu Se - hwa , dean of National Chengchi University 's College of Commerce .
Wu notes that such new fields as venture capital , technology management , intellectual property , and e-commerce are all recent additions to the curriculum over the past few years .
Professor Tang Ming - je of NTU 's College of Management adds : " With small , medium - size and family businesses forming the backbone of Taiwanese industry , one could do just fine without professional management .
But in the age of the global village , many bosses are finding that relying on ' instinct ' to make business decisions is not enough , and that they need systematic management concepts . "
Other management experts note that once Taiwan joins the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- , foreign universities will be able to recruit students directly in Taiwan , and that with the Ministry of Education asking national universities to come up with a portion of their own funding , universities are doubly motivated to establish programs of this sort .
NTU , which enjoys the distinction of being Taiwan 's premier institution of higher education , " never lacks for students , because there are always people who want to attend NTU , " says Tang Ming - je .
More than a diploma
In order to accommodate professionals with day jobs , many universities have scheduled their business management courses during evening hours .
The sight of professionals in suits and ties rushing to class at dusk contrasts greatly from the typical jeans and casual attire of fresh - faced undergrads .
Shuttling between the office and the campus , do they ever feel like they 're burning the candle at both ends ?
At some schools , even professionals boasting Ph.D. degrees are coming back to school for Master 's degrees .
Is the degree really that important to them ?
Mouton Lee , in charge of over 80 employees and production of key components as president of ABBA Linear Tech Co. , Ltd. , is a second - year student in the NTUST Graduate School of Management .
Lee relates that as a youth he studied because he was forced to , but now his motivations for learning are far greater - so great in fact that he registered for three classes at the start of the semester , a decision he has come to regret for lack of time .
Lee , who has also taken short - term management courses , says , " Degree programs are better , since the pressure makes you grow . "
Mouton Lee would like a Master 's degree , yet today he studies for the knowledge it brings .
Ever since graduating with a degree in mechanical engineering from NTUST and setting out to start his own business over 20 years ago , that degree has sat in a drawer somewhere , relegated to mere symbolic significance .
Hsieh Sun - chi , director of the Control Yuan 's Office of Information Management and a 25 - year veteran of civil service , relates that he has already attained the highest rank a general civil servant can achieve , yet at the age of 50 he still has over a decade until retirement .
Two years ago , this led him to consider taking a new direction , and he tested into National Chengchi University 's College of Commerce intent on making connections with movers and shakers in different fields .
Chang Chin - tsung , a researcher at the Chung - Shan Institute of Science & Technology with a Ph.D. in mechanical engineering from a US university , shuttles between his office in Taoyuan s Lungtan and the NTU campus three days each week .
Long immersed in the sciences and always focusing on numbers and statistics , Chang says he feels like he " has gotten into a mental rut . "
Although Hsinchu 's National Chiaotung University offers a similar management curriculum , he was concerned that the students there would be science park types with similar backgrounds in high tech fields .
Thus he would rather spend the extra time commuting to NTU to be around students with experience in such fields as advertising , finance , and architecture .
" I 'd be lying if I said the degree does n't matter .
If it did n't , why not just get into a non-degree program ?
The truth is that a degree in management does nothing to help me in my current job , but it gives me a second skill if I choose another route in the future . "
Advanced training for professionals has become a hot topic among executives over the past two years , but continuing education is nothing new among Taiwan 's universities .
For instance , National Chengchi University 's Public Administration Center has offered graduate extension courses for executives for over a decade , the difference being that , upon completion of the curriculum students only receive a certificate of course credit .
In comparison , a Master 's degree is far more appealing , given that a degree is awarded upon completion of studies .
Burning the proverbial candle
Motivated by the degree or not , the enthusiasm of these professionals for their studies is impressive .
Nevertheless , they must pay a hefty price to be able to study in the first place .
First , working during the day and attending classes at night is often a war of energy and will .
Next , they must shuffle their work schedules to accommodate their studies .
Many of them have to reschedule business trips .
Meanwhile , some become highway speeders , rushing from Taoyuan or Hsinchu to attend class .
And female managers , ordinarily responsible for household chores as well , really burn the proverbial candle at both ends .
" I have my time perfectly allotted , " says Morna Lee , Taiwan regional business manager for Kellogg 's .
She divides her schedule into three - month cycles , and with one class on Thursday afternoons , her company does its best to accommodate her by not holding meetings that involve her on that day of the week .
Still , sometimes nothing can be done , such as the time that she had a meeting in Hong Kong early one Friday morning , forcing her to miss class on Thursday while she flew to Hong Kong .
She had to fly quickly back to Taipei to make class on Saturday afternoon .
Despite often staying up until 2:00 or 3:00 AM to study or write reports , Lee likes mingling in the executive management class with a diverse group of students from different fields , and feels that the new ideas the professors feed them help keep her brain supple .
Moreover , she muses , " We managers are a strange breed .
If we do n't exhaust ourselves , we end up sick . "
Female professionals like Morna Lee represent a minority among executive degree students , accounting for just about five percent .
" If you asked me whether work or family is more important , I would say that since entering society 20 years ago work has always come first , " states Donna Sun , vice president of the Human Resource Division at Schmidt Scientific Taiwan .
Even if she has no classes to attend , leaving the office at 8:00 PM is no different from the perspective of her family life than the extra hour she spends attending classes until 9:00 PM .
She is thankful that her son , a university student , and her daughter , a third - year junior high school student , have always been very independent and self - reliant .
Hiring someone to help with housework , Lee is a model for the children when it comes to studying , even taking them to the library on breaks to conduct research .
No magic bullet
Compared to young students focused on getting a degree , the motivations of professionals studying for advanced degrees " are not that simple . "
They might be after new knowledge , keen to sport a fancy degree from a graduate school like NTU or Chengchi University , out to network with others , or looking out for the survival of business and to raise competitiveness by searching for answers to difficult work or business issues .
" Looking for quick answers from professors is a misguided concept , " says Tang Ming - je , professor of strategic management at NTU 's Department of International Business .
Before commencing a course , Tang tells his students , " I am not in the consulting business .
There are no magic bullets , for if I had any I 'd have gotten rich long ago . "
Wu Se - hwa , dean of National Chengchi University 's College of Commerce , relates , " Academic institutions provide systematic thinking , not the answers to specific questions . "
Wu tells his students that if they put other things aside and concentrate on their studies for three weeks , maybe they 'll find the answer themselves .
Wu notes that adult students bring rich practical experience to the table , and lack only the knowledge to combine and integrate scattered experience .
For them , returning to school is valuable for establishing their own modes of thinking with the knowledge they pick up .
Unlike the 20th century , where the amount of capital was the greatest factor determining success , Wu Se - hwa believes that the next century will be about " knowledge as the main competitive force . "
The book The 500 - year Delta notes that in the 1960s each executive might only have to learn one new skill each year , such as how to use a computer or send e-mail .
By the 1990s , accumulation of know - how accelerated many times over , so that executives needed to learn something new each day .
Now , in the 21st century , each manager might have to learn something new every single hour of the working day .
Curriculums need selling points
In order to satisfy students with diverse expectations and needs for basic knowledge , what innovative means must a professor resort to ?
And what challenges does this pose for the institution itself ?
People are going to fall asleep no matter what , so you have to think on your feet and use different techniques to stimulate their attention , " remarks Mark Gia - khy Tang , professor in the Department of Risk Management and Insurance at National Chengchi University .
Students who have been away from the classroom for well over a decade can not be expected to remember all the formulas they learned in statistics and economics classes way back when .
Nor should classes turn into solo performances by the professor .
Professor Tang 's approach is to lecture on theory for the first hour , then use the remaining time on the homework that each group worked on since the previous week .
Tang 's own " Three No's " policy guides his teaching approach : No midterms , no final exams , and no calling on students .
Instead , grades are based on homework results and class participation .
Tang 's risk management class is discussing how to identify risks .
One of the questions is : " If there were a fairy who could spell out for you exactly what you would experience for the rest of your life , consider what advantages and disadvantages the following information might have for you .
For instance , no matter how hard you work , you are still fated to be poor all your life .
Or what if you were fated to have everything go your way ?
What if , for example , you 're going to be elected to the legislature , or become the president ? "
Tom Lin , associate professor of marketing at NTUST , describes the main difference between teaching adult executives and regular students :
" Executives are always asking questions .
Even when they have an idea themselves , they 'll still bring up issues they encountered in their jobs to see how you respond . "
Often , says Lin , such questions leave him stumped .
Another issue for adult students always on the run is their unfamiliarity with the campus .
In order to enhance their sense of identification with the school , NTUST designed an overseas business camp program .
Last year , one professor made a big hit with over 30 students , taking them to mainland China for over ten days to familiarize them with the investment environment there .
This year , trips are planned to Japan and Silicon Valley in the United States .
Planting in fertile soil
Judging from the manner in which universities are opening their doors for continuing education , non-degree programs , and professional training , higher education in Taiwan appears to be undergoing a sort of makeover .
With these changes , universities must not only take care of teaching and research , but must also make sure they play their third function properly - spreading knowledge and sharing it with the public .
Still , detractors point out that university graduate programs for business executives appear to be elitist .
One student attending a non-degree program at NTUST relates that there are not enough spots to go around in the executive degree programs .
Hoping to make the switch from the non-degree program , he failed to pass the screening that is administered prior to the admissions test .
" If you fail a test , you only have yourself to blame , but tripping up on the initial screening is just a matter of not having a high enough job title . "
Each year when EMBA program acceptances are released , newspapers carry letters from readers relating how certain national university graduate schools compete to accept CEOs and presidents of listed corporations , or the children of rich business people .
The NTUST student expresses cynicism toward the application and review process , suspecting that " they just pay attention to company name and job title . "
Moreover , continuing education courses charge hefty tuition fees .
For instance , NTU divides the school year into three semesters , at NT$ 50,000 per semester , while other institutions charge between NT$ 3700 and $ 10,000 per credit , a full two to three times more than regular graduate student tuition .
Such instances naturally lead to suspicion that graduate schools such as these are " out to make a killing " by catering only to an elite few .
" From review , to written test , to oral exam , in order to ensure fairness , no professor is involved in more than one portion of the process , " says Huang Chung - hsing , director of the EMBA program at NTU .
Still , Huang admits that the bigger the company and higher the candidate 's job title , the greater their chances of acceptance into the program .
This can be partially attributed to the belief among professors that the commitment of their educational resources yields " more bang for the buck . "
As Tang Ming - je forthrightly explains , university professors ' time is a national resource , and if they can have a positive impact on an executive controlling budgets of billions of NT dollars , their contribution to country and society is considerable .
Asks Liao Ching - jong , director of the NTUST Graduate School of Management , concurs , " Which is greater , the marginal benefit of a company president or a staff member 's education ?
The president can go back and put what she learns into practice right away . "
What is more , even if schools do not deliberately seek out company presidents , they invariably perform better on oral exams - perhaps due to their greater experience .
" We must ask ourselves some questions , too , when EMBAs are thought of as giving away degrees to the privileged few , " comments Wu Se - Hwa .
Wu tells his professors that unless they perform well in class , the EMBA can not develop further , as universities are founded upon academic research .
As for tuition policies , Wu Se - Hwa relates that with an annual budget of NT$ 2.1 billion , National Chengchi University spends about NT$ 200,000 per student .
Thus , when it comes down to calculating costs , NT$ 10,000 per credit is actually quite cheap .
Industry retooling
The EMBA craze reflects the cold , intense competition of social Darwinism , but does it also signify that Taiwanese industry is beginning to devote greater attention to the training of top executives ?
Many scholars believe that with the EMBA phenomenon just getting off its feet in Taiwan , many corporate bosses are taking a " wait - and - see " attitude .
This is reflected in the way students approach the programs , not informing their bosses that they have applied to a program until they have been accepted , and not occupying work time if school takes place in the evening .
This way , their boss 's attitude has no particular bearing on what they do .
Perhaps business education may not be widespread in Taiwan at this time , yet a small number of company bosses have taken the lead themselves - taking advanced courses and setting an example for management personnel .
Ma Yu - shan , chairman of Kingdom Construction and 64 years old this year , tested into NTU 's College of Management in 1998 , becoming NTU 's oldest student .
For Ma , " living and learning " is more than just a maxim , as each year Kingdom Construction employees are required to undergo 80 hours of on - the - job training .
" For the boss to lead his team , he ca n't just tell his subordinates to learn , while he remains static himself .
Not to mention that in discussions with employees , if they know you 're the kind of boss who does n't seek to further himself , they put less stock in what you say , " notes Ma .
With the rapid changes in the business environment , poor decision - making can have serious consequences for company development .
" The pressure on the boss is tremendous , because nobody comes to the CEO with easy questions . "
Too busy to attend regular courses , Ma Yu - shan took the advice of an NTU professor and hired a Ph.D. student to tutor him one semester in " management economics . "
Amber Huang , president of Changhua 's Feng Huei Steel & Iron Company , is a student in the Department of Business Administration at NTUST .
Huang notes three advantages of the boss going to school .
First , it 's good for his company 's image .
As his company must frequently seek bank loans , Huang asks rhetorically , " Could a studious boss be a bad guy ? "
This image has helped him secure loans with little difficulty every time .
Second , it sets a good example for employees .
Lastly , speaking the professional lingo fluently helps enhance his authority .
Knowledge for the new century
In the effort to cultivate management talent , many prominent multinational corporations have founded their own teaching institutions , Toyota University and Intel University being two good examples .
In Taiwan , the Acer Group 's Aspire Academy opened its doors in Lungtan -LRB- Taoyuan Country -RRB- last October after three years of planning .
During the Aspire Academy opening ceremony , academy president Stan Shih , chairman of the Acer Group , remarked that he hopes to introduce management models from Europe and America and mesh them with the unique attributes of Taiwanese industry to enhance the globalization of Asian business .
Shih noted that through the sharing of experiences , emerging businesses might save themselves a lot of groping in the dark .
Are people at the fin de siecle inspired to learn by the confluence of technology , humanities , and economic knowledge ?
At least the entrepreneurs , managers , and executives in campuses around Taiwan clearly recognize that learning is a necessity for survival and an engine of growth .
Everyday People and A Story of True Grit --
The Wu Family of Taihsi
-LRB- Laura Li / photos by Hsueh Chi - kuang / tr. by David Mayer -RRB-
They say a rising tide lifts all boats .
No one would know more about that than the older generation in Taiwan .
The changes of the past five decades have had a deep impact , for example , on the Wu family of Yunlin County .
Their main claim to fame is ... nothing , actually , and that is precisely why their story typifies the experiences of so many .
So lend your attention , dear reader , as we recount the ups and downs of an average family from a quiet little backwater called Taihsi Township .
Wu Tsung - sheng and his older sister have come to meet me at the train station in Touliu , administrative seat of Yunlin County .
We pile into a car and head toward their parents ' home .
Wu Tsung - sheng fills me in on his hometown .
" Taihsi is a rather unusual place , " says Tsung - sheng , the family 's oldest grandson and a doctoral candidate in sociology at Tunghai University in Taichung .
" When I read the studies that describe Taiwan as being so prosperous , I have to wonder how their descriptions could be so totally different from what our lives have been .
They might as well be talking about a different planet . "
Probably most people do n't realize , adds Tsung - sheng , that there are still places in Taiwan as backward as Taihsi .
To the outsider , however , the place does n't look backward at all .
As Tsung - sheng drives west in a very nice Toyota at a comfortable speed down a broad county highway , his older sister sits in the front passenger seat with cell phone in hand discussing the traffic situation with someone at home .
In the meantime , Tsung - sheng 's five - year - old nephew clamors from the back seat for his mother to buy him a Pokemon plaything , just like kids the world over are doing these days .
When McDonald 's stores in Taiwan were swamped last year during a giveaway of Hello Kitty dolls , lots of people thought they might be able to beat the crowds by hitting McDonald 's in supposedly untrendy Taihsi , but they found the lines there every bit as long as in more urban locations .
The emperor is far away
The scenery grows increasingly rural as we move west through the townships of Huwei , Tuku , Paochung , and Tungshih .
Temples tower over green rice fields .
Less than half an hour after leaving the train station we get off the county highway and onto narrow Tungshih East Road .
When we reach our destination in rural Taihsi Township , a few dozen buildings of modern ferroconcrete construction line the road , and shops of every description occupy the ground floor of each one .
Wu Tsung - sheng 's parents , who are pushing 60 years old , run a local bakery , and they greet us with the wide smiles and warm hospitality so typical of haikou -LRB- as the locals are accustomed to calling Taihsi and the surrounding townships near the coast in western Yunlin County -RRB- .
They also speak Taiwanese with an unmistakable haikou accent .
To welcome their guest they have ordered a big seafood meal in advance .
Tsung - sheng 's grandmother , parents , uncles , aunts , cousins , nephews , and nieces have all come in from around haikou for the gathering .
The strength of the Wu clan 's family ties is plainly evident .
These people go back for generations here .
From the destruction of World War II to the mixed joy and grief of the early post-war years , from the barest of rural hamlets to a prosperous little town , this family has seen it all .
84 - year - old grandma Wu is not as sharp as she used to be , but she can still rattle off a tale or two .
Two indignities suffered back in the 1940s , in particular , remain indelibly etched in her memory .
The first occurred in the latter part of World War II when the Japanese tied her hands behind her back and marched her off to do forced labor for over a year , building roads , digging ditches , and carrying a shoulder pole .
The second indignity was the onerous taxes that were levied in the early years after Taiwan returned to Chinese rule .
" We had to pay taxes twice a year , " says grandma Wu , flashing a mouthful of dental work .
" The first time was for water , and the second was for land .
It did n't matter whether you even had a crop to harvest or not - you had to pay , or they 'd throw you in jail . "
She explains that one dou -LRB- 10 liters -RRB- of rice back in the 1940s was worth five or six yuan , or about four days ' pay for a manual laborer , but the tax on one jia of land -LRB- 0.97 hectares -RRB- was 150 yuan .
A lot of people had to borrow money just to pay their taxes .
" It took four days to earn one dou of rice , " says grandma Wu .
" We could n't afford to eat it , because we needed it to pay our taxes . "
Although the Kuomintang government eventually carried out land reform to provide relief for poor farmers , the Wu family never shared in the benefits .
They were as poor as their neighbors , to be sure , but they owned land and were thus classified as small landowners , which by definition meant that they neither had any extra land to rent out nor did they rent from others .
While many of their neighbors received land as a result of the reforms , the Wu family got nothing .
Grandma Wu was close to 30 years old when the Kuomintang recovered Taiwan from Japan , but the event meant little to her , for she had never received any schooling .
All she remembers is that when the war ended , Taiwan was turned over to " them . "
With a grin , grandma Wu throws up her hands in a gesture of helplessness and quips , " When the colonial government spoke , I did n't understand their Japanese .
When the Kuomintang speaks , I do n't understand their Mandarin either . "
" There 's no difference between the Japanese government and the Kuomintang , " says Grandma Wu .
" If something important comes up , they send a local official out to make an announcement and explain what it 's all about . "
Wu Tsung - sheng adds , " They 're totally outside the loop here .
You of course know the phrase , ' Heaven is high and the emperor is far away . '
Well , it was people like my grandmother who coined it . "
Grandma Wu was adopted into the Wu family at age ten .
Within half a year both of her adoptive parents died , and at age 11 she slipped and fell in the sugar cane fields , poking her left eye out .
Orphaned and blind in one eye , a hard life lay in store for her , but she made the best of a bad situation .
With no male siblings to carry on the family line , at age 25 she managed to find a husband who was willing to let his first male child take the Wu surname .
The children came rapidly , and there was never any money to spare .
But it is clear that she does live reasonably well now .
When did survival cease to be such a struggle ?
Grandma Wu remembers quite clearly when the turning point came .
It was in the early 1980s , when her oldest grandchild was already a teenager , that business gradually started going better for her three sons .
The three brothers got together and decided that they should each give her NT$ 2,000 every month .
For the first time in her life , she was able to relax a bit , then five years ago the government started providing a monthly pension of NT$ 3,000 .
This was enough to cover meals , and her life improved even more .
Grandma Wu now lives together with several other old folks very near the coast in the old traditional farmhouse where she grew up .
Her main worry these days is her granddaughter in Taipei , who is in her 30s and still unmarried .
" Her father got married when he was 22 .
How can a girl be putting things off ? "
13 - year - old construction worker
A lot of hard work has gone into the comfortable life Grandma Wu enjoys today .
Her eldest son Wu Chien - lo recounts that after he graduated from sixth grade in 1954 his family was too poor to let him go any further in school , so at age 13 he took off with an older boy on the slow train for Taipei .
Without pausing to take in the sights of the big city , Chien - lo went straight to work at a construction site , where he carried a shoulder pole and mixed cement .
Buildings were going up everywhere in Taipei in the mid-1950s , and the city was bursting with opportunities .
But , says Chien - lo , " I only had a grade - school education .
I did n't have what it took to think about a career in Taipei .
I just wanted to go back and help my family work the fields . "
After two years in Taipei he went back home just as the area was getting electric power for the first time .
The bright lights at night got some people so excited at first that they could n't get to sleep .
Taiwan back then was one of the world s biggest producers of sugar cane , but the harvest was extremely difficult work , as Chien - lo is painfully aware .
Once he came very close to cutting a finger clean off with a sickle , but he just slapped some cement mix -LRB- commonly regarded as a good disinfectant -RRB- on the wound and worked on through the pain .
United we stand
Wu Chien - lo joined the army at age 20 , and during his stint he made friends with someone who had been making a living as a baker .
Chien - lo began to realize that selling his manual labor was not a viable long - term option .
He decided to open a bakery .
After receiving his discharge he borrowed NT$ 12,000 from his father , hired a baker , and opened up a store .
He himself rode around on a motorcycle all day selling beverages and baked goods .
His capital ran out before he expected , and he had to ask for a second loan from his father - in - law to get his business off the ground .
A few years later his younger brother Tsai Jui - ting -LRB- as the second son , he was given his father 's surname -RRB- got married and followed in Wu Chien - lo 's footsteps by selling baked goods and beverages .
To avoid competing with his brother , Jui - ting opened up his store over ten kilometers north in Mailiao Township .
Jui - ting , who in his youth always wore hand - me - downs and crude garments fashioned from throwaway rice sacks and the like , never put on his own set of store - bought clothes until just prior to joining the army .
Who would have guessed he would one day become the biggest beverage wholesaler in the Mailiao area ?
Having watched his older brothers succeed with their bakery businesses , the youngest brother Tsai Kuo - lung took up the same business in the neighboring township of Szuhu after finishing his military service .
The three brothers have worked together over the years to build up their businesses , and an efficient division of labor has evolved among them .
Kuo - lung today is in charge of doing all the baking , and he acts as supplier for Wu Chien - lo and Tsai Jui - ting .
" In a rural area like this , " says Wu Chien - lo , " family members work together , and everybody shares equally in the success . "
Not surprisingly , of course , he has seen quarrels arise in other families over who does the most work and who goofs off , who 's getting rich and who 's not , but in the Wu family , at least , harmony has been the key to success .
All three brothers are hard - working and frugal .
Each one married through a matchmaker , and none of them ever had an album of wedding photos made .
Asks Tsai Kuo - lung , " Why should we work so hard and pinch pennies all the time just to spend our money on something like that ? "
All three brothers drive Toyota Camrys , purchased from the same dealer .
One can gradually save up money by running a small business , to be sure , but Wu Chien - lo states frankly , " Land is where the real money is .
It 's hard to get by just running a business . "
Because his beverage wholesaling business requires a lot of space for large warehouses , he borrowed money from friends for many years to buy land .
Little did he know when he first started that what he bought 30 years ago would go up in price from NT$ 3,000 per ping -LRB- approximately 3.3 square meters -RRB- to over NT$ 100,000 today .
When you throw in the family farmland , which has not yet been divided among the brothers , the Wu clan is worth over NT$ 100 million .
Says Wu Chien - lo , " Who figured prices would go up like they have ?
We did n't buy the land as an investment .
We 're not greedy enough to even think in those terms .
We just bought it because we needed it for our business . "
Sacrificing for the kids
Although they may be loath to spend frivolously on themselves , Wu Chien - lo and his wife consider money no object when it comes to their children 's education .
" The reason we worked so hard around the clock for so many years was because we were afraid that we might not be able to do right by our kids .
We were worried that they might fall in with the wrong crowd after they got into junior high , " says Mrs. Wu , adding that Taihsi is well known for the fact that it has " lots of dust in the air , lots of yams , and lots of gangsters . "
To keep their kids out of trouble they sent all four of them off to a well - known Catholic boarding school in Touliu as soon as they reached junior high .
Each child spent six years there -LRB- except for the second daughter , who only attended for three years -RRB- , and every weekend the two parents would pack up lots of goodies and take the bus to see their kids .
It was a difficult trip , and required several transfers .
The total cost of one year 's tuition plus room and board at the private school came to more than NT$ 150,000 per child .
With four kids at the school , the financial burden was substantial , especially considering the fact that they were spending these sums back in the mid-1980s .
The struggle to pay tuition took every ounce of energy they had .
" That 's the responsibility you bear as a parent .
You want to see your children succeed , " says Wu Chien - lo .
Luckily , all four of his children were good students and had no problem passing their university entrance examinations .
In their little hometown , Wu Tsung - sheng and his siblings are noted for their excellent academic achievements .
The result has been a bit comical in at least one respect , for the eldest daughter was so strictly observant of the prohibition against speaking Taiwanese in school -LRB- a rule formerly enforced throughout Taiwan -RRB- that she does n't even speak Taiwanese very well any more .
After graduating from National Taiwan Normal University in Taipei , she came back to Yunlin County several years ago to teach senior high school in Touliu , and now she makes people laugh every time she opens her mouth to speak her odd brand of Taiwanese .
It makes for an amusing contrast with her grandmother , who does n't speak Mandarin well at all .
In the view of Wu Tsung - sheng , the heavy emphasis that rural parents put on education does n't have so much to do with the idea of getting ahead , but stems mainly from a deep respect for learning .
His parents are not interested in his specialty , nor do they know anything about it , but they have never objected to his chosen path , nor did they say a word when his younger brother switched his major from business management to sociology .
This long leash is all the more impressive in view of the fact that there is no chance that either of these sociology majors will ever be able to make a living near home -LRB- because there are no major universities or research institutions in Yunlin County -RRB- .
" Thinking back on it , I realize that our parents began encouraging us very early to aim high and not feel like we had to stay near home .
We all started boarding school at age twelve and then went on to university in Taipei .
As we got older , we went back home less and less . "
Their studies ended up weakening their ties to their hometown , notes Tsung - sheng wistfully .
Their parents , in the meantime , are doing everything they can to make it easier for the children to come back home if necessary .
For starters , they 've built a multi-story house with a separate floor set aside for each of the children .
Chien - lo explains , " Our two boys have n't started working or gotten married yet .
I hope they 'll be able to make a go of it off in some city , but if it does n't work out they can always come back and tend the store . "
It would probably make better business sense , in fact , to close the store .
People have been moving away from the haikou area for many years , and the local economy is in the doldrums .
What 's more , it will only get more and more difficult to make money running an old - fashioned mom and pop store now that a new convenience store has opened up across the street .
Even so , the couple is n't yet ready to call it quits .
It is for their children 's sake that they stay in business .
Living next to heavy industry
Less than ten kilometers away in Mailiao stands the Formosa Plastic Group 's sixth naphtha cracker complex .
Tsai Jui - ting points out that even though Formosa Plastics uses a lot of foreign laborers from southeast Asia , the complex has also hired a lot of local people , and since the plant went into operation he does n't seem to see so many young people hanging out in the area 's small towns with nothing to do .
Even though the seawall built to protect the plant has blocked people 's view of the sea , and in spite of worries about the possibility of mercury pollution in the soil , the extra employment has won the plant a lot of local support .
Says Wu Chien - lo , " I always say , if you 've got work , you 've got food on the table .
Do n't go around complaining about the pay being too low .
It used to take four days to earn one dou of rice .
Now you can earn over ten dou in just one day .
If that 's not enough for you , then you might as well go starve to death . "
Wu Chien - lo and his younger brothers do n't expect a lot from the government .
At most , they express nostalgia for the days when former general Hau Pei - tsun served as premier , because " they arrested a lot of criminals when he was in charge . "
The one thing that really irks them now is national health insurance .
" When you run your own business like we do , " says youngest brother Tsai Kuo - lung , " a family of five like ours has to pay over NT$ 60,000 per year in premiums for national health insurance .
That 's a lot more expensive than labor insurance or farmer 's insurance .
What 's more , he adds , there are no major hospitals in Yunlin County , so if you get sick you 've got to go all the way to the next county .
Not only that , says Tsai , the deductible for medicine was jacked up " ridiculously high " last year , and everyone is complaining bitterly about it .
Hoping for more democracy
When the subject turns to politics and Taiwan independence , the normally outspoken Wu Chien - lo suddenly grows cautious .
" It does n't matter who wins the election .
They 're all good candidates .
We 'll just have to wait and see . "
Wu Tsung - sheng understands the reasons for his father 's reticence quite well .
Yunlin County politics are riddled with factionalism and the influence of organized crime , and you can find ample proof here that all politics are indeed local .
With over 40 voters in the extended family , the Wu clan is a plum of a voting block .
All the local factions eagerly woo Chien - lo , who has in the past gotten deeply involved in politics and taken to the streets in support of certain candidates .
Over the years , however , he has learned that it is best to avoid offending people , and he now plays his cards close to the vest .
Wu Tsung - sheng explains that local politics in the haikou area are linked only tenuously to what goes on in distant Taipei , and the concept of democracy has n't made much headway here .
The locals are most concerned about what public figure " gives people face " by showing up at weddings and funerals , and who has close personal ties with whom .
What is more , vote buying is accepted with breezy indifference , as if it were the normal thing to do .
However , says Tsung - sheng , local politics probably wo n't be so dirty once the younger generation becomes more influential .
Fifty years of struggle have brought prosperity to our island .
Will it take another fifty years to establish a mature democracy ?
As Tsung - sheng drives down the road , holding forth on politics and society , I ca n't help feeling all of a sudden that there is every reason to be very confident about the future of Taiwan .
p. 99
84 - year - old grandma Wu puts an arm around her great - grandson and great - granddaughter .
From right to left are her sons Wu Chien - lo -LRB- and his wife -RRB- , Tsai Jui - ting , and Tsai Kuo - lung .
Throw in the grandchildren and you 've got four generations gathered at grandma Wu 's traditional farmhouse right near the seacoast in Taihsi Township .
p. 100
The Wu family 's bakery business has been a steady money earner over the years and has provided a comfortable living .
Wu Tsung - sheng and his parents are shown here in front of Wu Chien - lo 's shop .
p. 101
4 - H Clubs were once very popular in Taiwan .
The girl at second from the right in the front is today the wife of Wu Chien - lo .
-LRB- courtesy of Wu Chien - lo -RRB-
p. 102
The haikou area is known for lots of sandy wind blowing in from the seashore , and for the big yam crop grown here .
The area is also a big producer of oysters .
The empty shells piled here along the roadside fill the air with their briny aroma .
p. 103
Not a whole lot of traffic moves along the streets of Taihsi Township .
The slow - paced small town atmosphere lingers in the mind long after a visit to Taihsi has ended .
p. 104
Eldest grandson Wu Tsung - sheng is working on a doctorate in sociology .
This visit has spurred grandma Wu to tell lots of stories he 's never heard before , and he takes a close interest in her tales .
Taiwan Toils with Double Trouble -- Forest Fires Burn and Oil Spill Bubbles
-LRB- Chang Chin - ju / tr. by David Mayer -RRB-
With the ruling and opposition parties slugging it out over the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant , a cargo ship ran quietly aground in mid-January just offshore from the Lungkeng Ecological Protection Area in Kenting National Park .
Preliminary containment of the resulting oil spill was not achieved until late February .
In the meantime , Taiwan has been hit by a rash of forest fires .
Clearly , the activities of man are becoming increasingly destructive of nature .
Can we expect to go on forever wreaking havoc on the earth without inviting a backlash from Mother Nature ?
The armed forces dispatched thousands of soldiers to deal with the oil spill at Lungkeng , located at the southern tip of Taiwan , and the first phase of the cleanup was completed on February 16 with the removal of over 300 tons of oil from the shore .
The second phase entails cleaning the uplifted coral seashore and restoring the environment of the intertidal zone .
The problem is that efforts to clean up the oil could cause great damage to the complex ecology of the coral shoreline and destroy the beauty of the intertidal zone .
How to go about undoing the environmental destruction that has already occurred ?
Due to a lack of comprehensive studies , the local environment in Lungkeng is not sufficiently understood .
With scholars still in the midst of research , it has been impossible to take concrete action .
The oil spill occurred at about 5 p.m. on January 14 when the Greek freighter MV Amorgos carrying ore from India to the port of Nantong in mainland China ran aground about a kilometer off the cape at Oluanpi .
A thousand tons of fuel oil began pouring through the ship 's torn hull .
The disaster has hit the uplifted coral at Lungkeng the hardest .
The ocean waves brought the oil to shore , making a mess of the beautiful coral coastline , slathering shellfish and aquatic plants , and filling the air with a petroleum stench .
Taiwanese society , caught up in the furor over the nuclear power plant up north , took little immediate notice of the accident .
The shipowner did n't stop up the leaking hull of the MV Amorgos until the end of January .
He went through a shipping agent in Taiwan to hire local residents in Lungkeng to clean up the shoreline , but the oil slick had mucked up a three - kilometer stretch of strikingly beautiful blue waters , throwing a pall over the local tourism and fishing industries .
After days of bitter complaints , aggrieved residents finally got the attention of the news media .
On February 7 , three weeks after the spill , the Environmental Protection Administration formed an emergency task force , and EPA chief Edgar Lin headed south to inspect the site .
On February 10 , Premier Chang Chun - hsiung and several other high - ranking government officials boarded a military helicopter for an aerial survey of the spill , and the premier instructed the Ministry of Transportation and Communications and the Ministry of National Defense to get the oil cleaned up within 30 working days .
The EPA worked up an estimate of the cost of cleanup , ship removal , and reparations to fishermen , and notified both the shipowner and the insurance company .
The ship 's captain and other ship officers had to post bond before they were allowed to leave Taiwan .
In addition to these emergency measures , the EPA has also been working to draft : -LRB- 1 -RRB- a set of guidelines for establishing task forces to deal with major maritime environmental disasters ; and -LRB- 2 -RRB- an emergency response plan for maritime oil spills .
Draft versions of both these documents will be presented to the cabinet as soon as possible .
The cabinet will request the Legislative Yuan to authorize an extraordinary budget allocation to cover the purchase of oil containment booms , sorbents , helicopters , and other equipment needed for responding to oil spills .
The problem , however , is that authorities did not respond in the critical first few hours and days following the spill .
This failure focused renewed attention on poor coordination between the central and local governments .
In a public opinion poll , nearly 70 % of respondents indicated dissatisfaction with the government 's handling of the oil spill .
With today 's huge volume of international shipping , oil spills are becoming a serious problem .
Although the recent spill in Taiwan was small in comparison with 10,000 - ton spills that have occurred elsewhere , the situation here is worrisome because , as a petroleum importer , oil tankers ply the waters around our island in swarms .
There is no telling when the next spill might happen .
While acknowledging the necessity of drafting emergency response plans , academics argue that an even more pressing task facing the government is to catalog Taiwan 's marine resources .
Otherwise , they say , it may be impossible to press reparation claims against shipping companies that accurately reflect the extent of damages .
The lack of a detailed understanding of the Lungkeng ecology presents a perfect case in point .
Similarly , after the recent spate of forest fires in central and southern Taiwan , scholars have again reacted by calling on the government to begin as soon as possible with ongoing studies of Taiwan 's forest habitats .
Investigations have shown that most of the recent forest fires plaguing Taiwan have been caused by campfires .
Although the recent fires have been put out fairly quickly , a blaze on Snow Mountain caused alarm when it burned near a stand of rare Chinese hemlock as well as streams that are home to the Formosan landlocked salmon , which is regarded as a national treasure .
Forestry service officials indicate that none of the recent blazes has caused major damage , but the Council of Agriculture has instructed the various forestry districts to step up patrols to keep man - made forest fires from happening again and again .
Chao Jung - tai , a researcher at Taiwan Forestry Research Institute , feels that the public ought to take the forest fires and the oil spill in Lungkeng as warnings of the urgent need to understand the environment in which we live .
For example , Chao asks : What are the scientific criteria for deciding when a forest fire has caused enough damage to require rehabilitation of the environment afterwards ?
Under what circumstances is it okay to let the environment recover on its own ?
These questions require ongoing monitoring and research before objective criteria can be developed and environmental rehabilitation efforts can be carried out properly .
Once an environment that has taken shape over millions of years is destroyed , it is usually beyond man 's ability to undo the damage .
Efforts to that end often prove fruitless .
It is time to start devoting serious thought to the question of how to preserve the beauty of the island we call home .
p. 67
Fuel oil pouring from the torn hull of the MV Amorgos has sullied the beautiful blue waters off the southern tip of Taiwan .
Living on an island , the people of Taiwan face an urgent need to find a way to prevent pollution of their coastal waters .
-LRB- photo by Lin Hsiu - ming , United Daily News -RRB-
Superstore Consumer Culture
-LRB- Teng Sue - feng / photos by Jimmy Lin / tr. by Jonathan Barnard -RRB-
Yet another superstore chain has come to Taiwan .
On December 9 , the British firm Tesco said hello to consumers in Taiwan when it formally opened its clean , bright and spacious store .
There are now about 100 retailers in Taiwan with individual stores of at least several thousand ping -LRB- a ping equals 36 square feet -RRB- .
With the full adoption of two - day weekends every other week , people in Taiwan have had to figure out what to do with these new days off .
Visiting superstores - with their ample parking , restaurants and piles of consumer goods - has become a major leisure - time activity .
What kind of social changes does Taiwan 's consumer behavior reflect ?
Is densely populated Taiwan well suited to absorb all these stores , which are sprouting up like mushrooms after a rain ?
Waves of traffic are heading out from Taipei toward the suburbs , toward the open expanses in the riverbed area of Neihu .
Once the cars pass the Minchuan or the Second Macarthur Bridge , the landscape becomes dotted with the large signs of major retailers .
These include Costco , the third largest superstore retailer in the United States ; B&Q , the largest do - it - yourself hardware chain in Britain ; and Taiwan 's own RT - Mart .
Shopping at these large stores has quickly become a part of leisure - time life in Taiwan .
A Mrs. Chao , who lives in Neihu , explains that on weekends or vacation days the whole family sleeps late .
Once they are up , if there 's nothing special on the agenda , they go to B&Q to look at stuff for the home .
Then when they get tired , they go to Costco for some Pizza or muffins .
Finally , they end up in RT - Mart , where they buy groceries .
The whole trip takes about half the day .
She had thought that these stores were only crowded on the weekends , but on a rainy weekday in November she decided she did n't feel like cooking and went to buy some prepared foods at the RT - Mart 's deli department .
She discovered that there was n't a single open parking space among the hundreds on the first and second floors of the parking structure .
She was quite surprised to find that business was so good on a weekday .
" Shopping at one of these superstores is a lot like shopping at a department store , " says a Mr. Ko , who works as an engineer for a chemical company in Kaohsiung .
" You go when you 're bored . "
Ko has discovered that as more and more of these stores have opened in Kaohsiung , he and his wife go to department stores less , because in department stores you can only buy clothes , but in superstores you can buy daily necessities , hardware and so forth , and the selection is better .
Shocking the world
The performance of these large retailers in Taiwan has been startling , and superstore chains from Holland , France , the United States and Britain have been arriving on these shores one after another .
A hundred - some foreign stores do NT$ 110 billion in business a year .
According to the Ministry of Finance 's Office of Statistics , business in the first quarter of 2000 for these stores was up 19.54 % over the same quarter the previous year , a higher rate of growth than for convenience stores , supermarkets or department stores .
Since the Dutch firm Makro opened its first Taiwan store in Taoyuan in 1989 , superstores have enjoyed tremendous growth .
The French retailer Carrefour followed Makro 's lead , opening a store in 1989 .
Costco from the United States began planning its first Taiwan store in 1995 , and the French wholesale outlet Casino arrived in 1999 .
A year earlier , the Ruentex group , which owns RT - Mart , bought out two Taiwanese competitors and increased its number of stores to 16 .
That same year , 1998 , Tesco from Britain began to look for sites .
After nearly three years of preparation , in December 2000 they finally opened their first Taiwan store in Taoyuan .
No one had expected that European superstores would be the first to establish a foothold in Taiwan , which had long taken its cues from the American market .
Allen Tien , the head of Carrefour 's public affairs division in Taiwan , relates that Wal
In the Groove , or in a Rut ?
- Life in Middle Age
-LRB- Laura Li / photos by Hsueh Chi - kuang / tr. by Robert Taylor -RRB-
Middle age is the most awkward time .
It 's the age when you ca n't get to sleep till dawn .
The age of sighs but not passion .
The age of sorrow but not anger .
In middle age , you kiss girls on the forehead , not the lips .
It 's the age when you drink strong coffee and take stomach pills .
The age when the phrase " you ca n't escape convention " says it all .
Middle age is afternoon tea .
-LRB- From " Middle Age Is Afternoon Tea , " by Tung Chiao -RRB-
" Middle age is the afternoon , but I ca n't say I have much time to drink tea ! "
Sitting in the silence of his research office , Professor Li Liang - che of the psychology department at National Chengchi University appears pensive .
Indeed , passing 40 is like passing noon .
You miss the fresh , pure , carefree feeling of morning , and the arrogance of noon , yet also yearn for the serene splendor of the sunset .
It is only now , in the afternoon , that worries crowd in , and try as you might you can not raise your flagging spirits .
Worries , ennui - is this a case of that fashionable disease of civilization , the " midlife crisis " ?
" If you 're going to have a crisis , it 's most likely to happen during the " midlife transition , " from 40 to 45 , " says Li .
In people of a melancholy and sensitive disposition , or who have faced many setbacks early in life , it may even set in around the age of 35 .
" In the US , 35 is the maximum age for being in a fraternity , " jokes National Taiwan Normal University audiovisual center director Chao Ning , who is known as a " wunderkind " in the broadcasting world .
After that , your moods begin to seesaw between those of " youth " and " middle age . "
You are perfectly sure that you are in as good form as ever , and have not even reached your peak yet , but looking at all those talented youngsters around you , they seem even more outstanding than yourself , and more like tomorrow 's rising stars .
A vexing feeling of being pushed along by the years gradually builds up , until one day you find yourself high and dry on the shoals of life .
Middle age creeps up on you
" The new waves on the Yangtze River push the old waves along " - i.e. each generation outdoes the last - and in an age of rapid change , the sense of crisis this induces in the older generations is amplified .
A Mrs. Wei , who chose to leave her job as a bookkeeper five years ago because of an unexpected pregnancy , thought at the time that with her ability , experience and contacts it would not be hard for her to find a new job once her child started primary school .
But as the day of her return to the world of work draws ever nearer , she feels a growing sense of panic .
" Most of my old colleagues have left , and the few I 'm still in touch with talk about nothing but things like Excel spreadsheets that I know nothing about ! "
Mrs. Wei has hinted a few times to her husband that she should just stay at home and concentrate on looking after the children .
But thinking of her husband 's grim expression whenever he gives her the housekeeping money , she does n't dare to say it plainly .
In today 's society , youth is beauty .
But in trying to show he was not out of touch with youth , Mr. Chou , the 45 - year - old boss of a computer components company , had an experience which left him not knowing whether to laugh or cry .
He arranged with his young employees to go for a barbecue in a river valley , hoping to get to know them better .
But when they arrived there , the workers formed their own groups , laughing and clowning around , and left him to get on with barbecuing the meat .
When it was done - and he was drenched in sweat - the young people , attracted by the aroma , gathered round .
But after giving him a few words of praise , they wolfed down the food and scattered again immediately , as if he did n't even exist .
" They probably thought their old fogey of a boss had just come to wait on them ! "
From then on Mr. Chou , having recognized his own place in the order of things , made no more attempts to ingratiate himself with his young employees - and in fact felt much the more relaxed for it .
More crises in middle age ?
" By middle age , you have more experience of life , and you are sure to have various realizations and regrets , " says Li Liang - che .
Even if you have no economic worries and as yet no health problems , nonetheless the flowing river of life has carried away your youth , ideals , pure love and even your loved ones , and left you with many wounds you are loth to touch and regrets you are loth to remember .
The sense that the realization of past mistakes has come too late to put them right , and of your remaining days being numbered , makes you feel despondent .
But despondency need not amount to a " crisis . "
According to overseas research , although people have more worries in middle age , only around 15 % have emotional difficulties serious enough to require psychological counseling or medication .
Sociology professor Wang Ya - ke of National Taipei University , who has always been an ardent supporter of feminism and recently became the first scholar to promote " male studies " in Taiwan , offers the following analysis :
The real reason why the " midlife crisis " has become such a hot topic in the US lies with the 75 million " baby boomers " born in the postwar period from 1946 to 1964 .
One can say that this huge generation is the one with the highest level of achievement , and the most diverse set of values , in human history .
Since they gradually began to enter middle age in the late 1980s , they have produced many reminiscences and introspective works about their own mental and spiritual journey , which have elicited a strong response .
The US 's present middle - aged generation have metamorphosed from youthful anti-war protesters and hippies into yuppie managers of multinational corporations , and from idealists into materialists .
The tensions and trauma of that transformation cause their " midlife crisis " to be especially complex .
By contrast , although Taiwan had its own baby boom from 1951 to 1966 , its middle - aged generation have not had the same life experiences , so while they too have their midlife crises , they are much less complex .
Alice Lu , director of the International Family Life Education Center , suggests that " change " would be a better term than " crisis " for the mood swings and difficulties of middle age .
Midlife change , in fact , is a natural process in the journey of life , and as people grow older and have to shoulder ever heavier responsibilities , all kinds of pressures large and small appear together at this time of life .
For example , says Lu , middle - aged people are the meat in a generational sandwich .
Their aging parents increasingly need care , while at the same time their teenage children are at their most rebellious .
Other elements in their lives , such as their job or marriage , have been in existence for ten to 20 years ; the sparkle is gone , yet they have invested too much to just walk away from them .
And again , turning to look at themselves , gray hairs are sprouting from their temples and crows ' feet appearing at the corners of their eyes , their jowls are sagging , and the thick , solid chest muscles of their youth have somehow migrated down to their bellies .
When they take their sons out for some exercise , they do n't even have the strength to do a single pull - up !
Midlife brings many uncertainties , and if it comes in a time of dramatic social change when many role models are being completely rewritten , middle - aged people may be left even more at a loss .
Life is long , the future bleak
Li Liang - che notes that firstly , life expectancy has rapidly increased .
In Taiwan , average life expectancy has risen steadily from 55 years in 1951 to 75 today .
As the journey of life lengthens , middle - aged people become more and more confused about their status in life .
A Mr. Chang , who lives in Hualien , is now 58 , nearing the upper end of middle age .
He recalls that when he saw his parents at age 60 he thought they were " ever so old , " and they seemed quite content to dandle their grandchildren , oblivious to the affairs of the world .
But now that he is approaching the same age himself , he feels he is not yet qualified to call himself old , and still less to speak lightly of retiring .
" We 're living longer , but life is more tiring ! "
He asks , only half in jest : How come nowadays middle age seems to drag on forever ?
With longer lifespans and less rigid social values , patterns of living once shared by all have been replaced by a growing diversity of individual experiences .
In middle age , some people set up successful businesses , while others lose their jobs and are faced with poverty ; working women find themselves squeezed between the exhausting demands of children and housework on the one hand and their jobs on the other , while at the same time many single women face a daily battle with loneliness .
At the age of 50 , some people already have grandchildren at their knee , while others are getting married for the first time .
With more and more people remaining single , rising divorce rates , growing numbers of unmarried mothers , increasing occurrence of infertility , and the emergence of large numbers of families where husband and wife live in different cities , or even - as for many expatriate Taiwanese business people - in different countries , many middle - aged people 's carefully laid life plans have suddenly come to nothing .
Hospital worker Lin Mei - lun -LRB- not her real name -RRB- , lives in Kaohsiung with her two children .
Her ex-husband works in Tainan , and for many years during their marriage he only came home at weekends .
Early last year a late - night phone call shattered the peaceful life she had worked so hard to build .
At the other end was a woman who venomously demanded that Lin Mei - lun give up her husband , or she would bring along her three - and - a - half - year - old illegitimate son and make a scene at the hospital !
The unbearable anguish of being
" Actually , it 's not as if I did n't have my suspicions all those years .
But I never thought things would turn out so awful !
How could I have been such a fool ? "
For the next six months , Lin Mei - lun could hardly sleep or eat .
By day she dragged herself to work like a zombie , but in the middle of the night she would wake with a start , her heart pounding so hard she could n't breathe .
The affair finally ended in divorce , but the upside is that since then her ex has actually behaved better , for he has begun to commute back to Kaohsiung from Tainan every day , and is much more patient with his son and daughter than before .
At present they are planning to remarry , but Lin worries that once her husband is again bound by the chains of marriage , he might return to his old ways .
" Life in middle age is like trying to put together a jigsaw puzzle in a gale .
The more you look at the parts you 've already assembled , the more disjointed and ugly they seem ; but it 's the parts you ca n't finish that you long for more and more , even though you know there 's precious little hope you 'll ever get them done . "
Ms. Lin , who turned 40 this year , says with an air of resignation that if a gust of wind blows the whole puzzle away , the sense of dismay and panic at being tricked by fate can drive you to distraction .
Lin Mei - lun 's mother often comes to stay , and this has done much to lighten the burden of running her household .
But many people who arrive in middle age without the support of a family can only try to weather life 's storms alone .
Ms. Chiang , still single at 46 , is an example .
When she worked as a PR manager for foreign companies such as Hewlett - Packard and Texas Instruments , she was always the highly effective superwoman .
But she realized that under the dual pressure of her need for career success and her unfulfilled emotional needs , she was approaching a state of psychological collapse .
Two years ago , she became seriously depressed .
At night she would toss and turn in bed , but the worry that lack of sleep would make her unable to get up in the morning and would affect her work performance made her even less able to sleep .
Years of looking at a computer screen was causing her vision to deteriorate rapidly , and due to working in a sealed high - tech office she was always dogged by colds , so that every day she felt under the weather .
Live for today
" I asked myself , do you really want to carry on like this ?
What matters more , your work or your health ? "
Ms. Chiang had accumulated some savings during her many years at work , but for the first three months after she resigned her job she could not help a sense of panic , feeling anxious that she might be cast out by society , and also fearing the accusing looks of her friends and family .
But gradually she began to learn to relax and let go .
" Zhuangzi says that life is toil and that death is the time for rest , but I do n't believe all that .
It should n't be that way ! "
After three months , Ms. Chiang no longer put herself under pressure , and no longer got worked up about other people 's well - meaning advice .
Once she stopped having to get up early to go to work , her anxiety about insomnia decreased greatly , and when she was able to adjust her living habits according to her own needs , her depression cleared up by itself .
She began decorating her flat , going to the gym , and cooking the food she likes , and even just sitting lost in thought , enjoying the empty spaces in life .
In particular , having freed herself from the barren existence of a " sexless wage slave " she has begun to liberate her emotional side and enjoy the pleasure of being a woman .
On the subject of family affection and affairs of the heart , Ms. Chiang has also come to a realization .
" My mother died young , and my father always regarded us three children as bloodsuckers , and never showed us any love . "
Because of this , Ms. Chiang left home early to live independently .
But in her heart , her desire for love has never ceased .
Perhaps the shadow of her childhood is behind the setbacks in her love life , so that even today she is still single .
At present , Ms. Chiang has a boyfriend ten years her junior .
" We do n't constrain each other or force each other into anything .
We 're only together when we really want to be . "
The year before last when her father was dangerously ill , he constantly rang his children , begging for their love , which aroused both her sympathy and her disgust .
Having seen through the inconstancy of family affection and romantic attachments , she swore never again to put her emotions at the mercy of others .
She wants to live truly at ease and without being tied down .
Keeping loneliness at bay
For Ms. Chiang , the single life has its freedoms and its loneliness .
But do those who are surrounded by a family have more peace of mind and happiness ?
" No , not necessarily , " answers 51 - year - old Hsiang Chi - tai , a manager at a newspaper , shaking her head .
For the last two years Hsiang Chi - tai has been plagued with capsulitis in her shoulder , and one morning when she could n't manage to fasten her bra before setting off for work , she woke up her son , a university student , to help her .
But her son said banteringly : " You old women really are a pain ! "
Once , Ms. Hsiang asked her two sons which of them was going to look after her when she was old .
But her sons tossed the question back and forth and finally nominated their rather bossy seven - year - old girl cousin !
" I knew they were only joking , but I could n't help feeling sad , and it made me even more aware that in everything you can only rely on yourself .
Anything else is phony ! " says Hsiang .
Having a husband and children , her mother and a lot of friends and relations , and with plenty to do , Ms. Hsiang is never alone , yet she can not help feeling lonely .
Sometimes at night she ca n't sleep and gets up to mop the floor .
For a time she even started playing Tetris .
" Lying in bed , playing with complete concentration , not thinking about anything else , I got up to scores of tens of thousands of points ! " she says , finding this ridiculous even herself .
" Whenever I notice I 'm getting down , I start looking for things to do , " she says .
Middle age is a minefield , and you must n't fall into the trap of letting yourself get downhearted !
The best laid plans
Apart from those to do with health , marriage and work , many other unexpected changes may occur in middle age .
When he was 38 , Chao Ning , who is now a director of the Buddhist satellite TV station LTV and the producer of many Buddhist TV programs , was invited to Houston , Texas to give a lecture .
On the plane he happened to meet Buddhist Master Hsingyun of Foguangshan Temple .
After 14 hours of the master earnestly speaking to him about the principles of Buddhist life , " Even a stone would have been moved ! "
After Chao 's lecture in Houston was over , he immediately took a plane to Los Angeles and went to Hsi Lai Temple , which was just being built .
There he sought out Master Hsingyun and declared his conversion to Buddhism , and since then he has never touched a drop of alcohol .
" Before that , I always had a rhyming couplet pasted up by my doorway which read : ' I know there is wine in this world , / But not that it can make you drunk , ' which was my way of bragging about my drinking prowess . "
What power caused him to make such a great change ?
Chao Ning himself ca n't explain .
" In the US , 38 and 49 are special ages .
I had come to realize many things , and when fate brought the right opportunity , I was ready for a change of heart , " says Chao .
He converted to Buddhism at 38 , got married at " 491?2 , " and before many years had become the " super-old dad " of three children .
The changes in Chao Ning 's life in middle age can not be described as small .
" Looking back , it seems that none of the road I took in life is what I expected . "
Chao reveals that 40 years ago when he was taking his college entrance exams , he put down all kinds of choices of university but deliberately did not include NTNU , because he thought he was not interested in being a teacher .
But although he did not study at NTNU , he went to teach there , and has been there for over 20 years .
" Every year I make a big palaver about wanting to plan my life and how I 'm going to give up teaching and concentrate on broadcasting . "
Chao continues with the same forthright , sincere smile :
" But who 'd have thought that in the blink of an eye my colleagues would be telling me : ' Old Chao , you need n't bother planning , you 're soon going to retire ! ' "
Although he never got around to planning his life , Chao , who has always liked to " follow his feelings , " feels that every step he has taken has been steady and enriching .
Now that he is about to leave middle age for the age of wisdom , this causes him to walk on eagerly , with a spring in his step .
His only real worry is for his three children , now aged seven , five and two years old .
Not daring to get old
" Sometimes when I look at their lovely faces while they sleep , I feel I hav n't done right by them , because I 'm so much older than they are . "
The phrase most often on Chao Ning 's lips nowadays is , " Because my kids are small , I ca n't get old just yet . "
Chao plays basketball three times a week , and is early to bed and early to rise .
Having become a father in middle age , he is doing his best to stay young for his children .
Midlife changes may , as for Chao Ning , be one 's own choices and bring satisfaction .
But there are so many changes which are not chosen and are impossible to prevent , and of these unemployment is one of the most fearsome .
The economic malaise which has spread through Taiwan in just the last two years is rapidly overtaking tens of thousands of middle - aged workers .
" A few days ago I heard about the death of a friend of mine .
After he was forced to retire from Taiwan Machinery Manufacturing Corporation , he set up a stand selling grilled food at Chichin bathing beach in Kaohsiung .
But before long he died of a coronary . "
Simon Chang , former managing director of the Chunghwa Telecom employees ' union , says that on hearing the news , many of the deceased man 's good friends could not help thinking : " If we 'd known he 'd die so young , we should n't have stopped him that time when he wanted to go after the boss of TMMC with a Molotov cocktail ! "
Chang , who worked at CHT for over 10 years , says that next year the company plans to cut its workforce by a full 3,000 people , which means that within the next year 3,000 people will be " forced to retire . "
But the average age of CHT 's workers is only 46
!
Who will tell me ? !
Forty - six - what an awkward age .
The majority of these workers are carrying the tremendous burden of being the breadwinner for three generations .
" The sense of uncertainty about employment has begun to affect every facet of life . "
Simon Chang says that this is a cause of marital tension , and these workers have thousands of questions sticking in their throats , such as : Will they have to interrupt their children 's education ?
Should they accept a transfer , and move the whole family somewhere else ?
What kind of second skill should they learn to keep themselves employable ?
How long a buffer period can the company give them ?
But nobody is willing to give them a clear answer .
Chang suggests that rather than the government spending vast amounts on unemployment benefits , it would be better for it to set up a life guidance and psychological counseling system for workers at all state - owned and private enterprises , as quickly as possible .
" What we want is n't money , but clear guidance to the future ! "
" For a middle - aged person , losing one 's job is just as traumatic as a car accident , falling ill , the death of a spouse or a child running away from home .
It 's an event beyond their control which suddenly turns their life upside - down . "
Chiu Chia - li , director of the Hwo Chyuan Pastoral Counseling Center , describes this kind of occurrence as a " non-normative event . "
Such events are much more traumatic than " normative events " such as job stress , a parent being paralyzed , children growing up and leaving home , or being passed over for promotion , all of which are more predictable .
Looking around us , there are many middle - aged people who , although one can not say they are unemployed , do n't have a regular career .
In his youth , Lin Hung - kui of Chungli in Taoyuan County started up in business from nothing , selling shaved iced snacks .
He did well , and used his money to buy three or four shops and apartments .
In the end he gave up his shop because the work became physically too demanding , but after several failed attempts in other lines of business , today he can only live on his savings and the rent from his apartments .
He has enough to get by , but spending the whole day doing nothing he finds it difficult to face the inquiring glances of neighbors .
Two years ago , encouraged by his wife , who works for an estate agency , Lin went on a pre-work training course at the agency .
Being stuck in among a group of young kids in their twenties , and being subjected to " shock style " training - including listening to pep talks , singing military songs and shouting slogans at the tops of their voices - made Lin feel very uncomfortable .
Finally , after sticking it out for a month , he quit the job on receiving his first pay packet .
" There are many things which young people can do without any inhibitions , but in middle age you build yourself all kinds of high walls which are very hard to escape from . "
Lin counts himself lucky , for he does n't need to break his back just to earn a pittance .
But his mood is always uncertain .
In the last two years he has begun studying the Book of Changes and fengshui , in the hope that he can take his life to a higher level .
A second spring
" In the US , indecision and depression often drive middle - aged people , especially women , to return to college , to clarify their future path through further study . "
Hwo Chyuan Pastoral Counseling Center director Chiu Chia - li quotes her own experience .
At one time she worked simultaneously as a clothing designer , a part - time community worker and a counselor .
Coming from a poor background , she always worked hard to hold down these three jobs .
But the more she saw of life , the more dissatisfied she felt with her own situation , and hoped she could make a new breakthrough .
Although she had been cautious all her life , at the age of 42 she quit her jobs , and with a sense of release tinged with trepidation , went to study overseas .
After leaving Taiwan , Chiu found a school in New York where most of the students were about her age .
Like her , many had come there because they had arrived at a point where they did not know what to do with their lives .
They had not come to earn a degree , but simply , through the process of study , to " sort out their lives bit by bit . "
After five years in New York , Chiu felt she had developed a great deal , and had enough strength to help people who needed help .
So she returned to Taiwan to become a full - time counselor .
" When I felt that I had reached a crisis , I did n't run away from it , but made the crisis into a challenge and faced it with courage . "
Looking back on this phase of her life , Chiu can not suppress a smile .
" I would n't call it success , and it does n't mean I do n't have any struggles left in my life .
But I know I 've had at least one experience of winning a battle with myself , so I can walk my future path more firmly . "
Everyone 's story of middle age is different ; the joys and sorrows of middle age mean different things to different people .
What are your middle years like ?
p. 07
-LRB- facing page -RRB-
After 40 , temples start to gray and tense lines at the corners of the mouth reveal both determination and frustration .
Who understands the feelings of the middle - aged ?
p. 08
Pushing a wheelchair , caring for aging parents - the middle - aged are the pillars of their families , and ca n't afford to let anything go wrong .
p. 09
" Because my kids are small , I ca n't get old just yet . "
With the trend for late marriage and late childbearing , the number of older dads is growing , bringing diversity into the ranks of the middle - aged .
p. 10
Events beyond their control bring sudden changes into people 's lives , or even disrupt them completely .
The recent wave of factory closures and layoffs has made many middle - aged people anxious .
Pictured here , union members besiege the Legislative Yuan .
p. 11
Many middle - aged taxi drivers ply Taiwan 's streets .
Every one could tell a story of life 's reversals .
p. 12
Lin Hung - kui , who in his youth ran a shaved ice snack shop , lives on his savings and the little income that comes from his property investments .
Thus although he is without employment , he can while away his time by collecting stones and studying the Book of Changes and fengshui .
p. 12
" Do n't sit at home and get depressed - come out and make friends ! "
Though wracked with pain , newspaper employee Hsiang Chi - kai -LRB- second right -RRB- still radiates vitality and lives life to the full .
Our picture shows at a birthday celebration with cultural world friends Chai Pao - lin -LRB- right -RRB- and Chen Hsi -LRB- second left -RRB- .
-LRB- photo by Jimmy Lin -RRB-
p. 13
Humorous , unaffected Chao Ning has achieved much in his media career , and at nearly 50 finally found a soulmate who has brought many sweet new commitments into his life .
p. 14
Halfway through life , left at a loss by everything they see around them , and with many doubts about the meaning of life , many people turn to religion for comfort .
-LRB- photo by Pu Hua - chih -RRB-
p. 17
In middle age , only if you swim against the current and courageously meet and create challenges will you leave this life without regrets .
The Human Resources Industry :
A Cooling Economy Heats Up the Competition
-LRB- Teng Sue - feng / tr. by Phil Newell -RRB-
As the global economy enters a down - turn , unemployment , like an already - stretched balloon being filled relentlessly with air , threatens to burst and spoil the dream of economic security .
Last October , Taiwan 's unemployment rate surpassed 3 % , and now more than 300,000 people are jobless .
As the economy fades , business increases for human resources companies , so that the condition of the market for HR firms becomes a reflection of the overall employment situation .
It is estimated that these days , an ordinary person will change jobs an average of seven times in a typical 30 - 40 year working lifespan .
People revolve in a circle whose defining points are employment , job shifts , and unemployment .
So long as people want to find work or change their jobs , the human resources industry has a future .
And the rise of Internet technology has brought a revolution to this market which had changed so little for so long .
Take this job and ....
The largest human resources company in Taiwan is the 104 Job Bank .
The firm 's name comes from the Taiwan number for directory assistance , and suggests that " To look for a job should be as easy as getting a phone number from the operator . "
The company currently has more than 55,000 jobs and 65,000 job - seekers on file .
104 vice president Steven Su says that there are no reliable statistics for the value of the human resources market , because newspapers refuse to disclose their revenues from classified ads .
But , based on the spaces used and prices charged , it could reach as high as NT$ 10 billion , and even a conservative estimate would be NT$ 3 - 4 billion , of which NT$ 1 billion would be in the Internet employment services market .
An indicator of how good this market looks comes from the actions of the United Daily News group .
The UDN is one of the investors behind a new employment magazine called Biung , which is designed in the pattern of Japanese employment magazines , and hit the market in October of 2000 .
And last year the UDN group also opened a website called " udnjob . "
Why does this venerable media giant look so favorably on the human resources market ?
Johnson Lee , vice-president of UDN - Biung , the company that publishes Biung , who has many years of experience in publishing , says that there is a limit to how many people are reached by classified advertising .
Based on a survey conducted by AC Nielsen , only about 3 % of individuals buy newspapers to read the classified ads .
Moreover , from a firm 's point of view , Lee confesses , classified ads are " in fact rather expensive . "
It costs over NT$ 10,000 for an ad of about five centimeters square .
From the newspaper 's point of view , classified ads are n't such a hot property either , since most of the profit goes to the middlemen who take the ads .
These limitations to the traditional job hunting formula are unlikely to be resolved in the short term , says Lee .
Lee explains : " Looking at the Japanese experience , the Asahi Shimbun has a daily circulation of about 10 million , but only one page of classified advertising .
Those looking for new jobs rely more on employment magazines . "
The attraction for similar magazines in Taiwan is being helped along by the current fad for things Japanese , and also by changes in how publications are being sold , with convenience stores getting publications on to the shelves much faster than traditional bookstores ever could .
" With changes in the larger environment and the maturing of the market , this is the time to jump in . "
" The economy is in a downturn , but the human resources market always goes against the current , " says Lee .
In Japan , where the " bubble economy " phenomenon has been the worst , there are hundreds of human resources firms competing .
The leading company had an after - tax income last year of US$ 90 million .
Though there have been suggestions that the Internet is already becoming the main way to find employment , Lee contends that " the obstacles to entry are still great " for the ordinary person : You have to have a computer and be online , and you have to know how to find what you are looking for .
When you consider this , print media is still much more convenient .
The big get bigger
The two largest media groups in Taiwan , whose flagship papers are United Daily News and the China Times , began invading the human resources market two years ago , and existing job banks went on a binge of mergers .
For example , Career Magazine , which has more than a decade of experience in the field , founded an e- counterpart , which then merged with the " 37 " employment website -LRB- the resulting site is now called www.Career.com -RRB- to provide even more comprehensive services .
The big may have gotten bigger , but that has n't stopped newcomers from jumping into the fray .
The Southeast Asia Group , which had previously specialized in bringing foreign labor to Taiwan , founded the 1111 Manpower Bank last year , focusing on five main markets : education , civil service , finance , technology , and part - time work for students .
" The interesting thing about the job bank industry is that no rules of the game have yet taken shape for the Internet .
There is much room for change and flexibility , and no one can guess how much the market might change , " says 1111 public relations manager Linda Miao .
Established firms start with the advantage that many people turn to them out of habit .
But their weakness is that they have information overload , with no special features .
" If latecomers want to transcend the old media , they have to try a different approach .
The 1111 Manpower Bank has adopted the strategy of ' surrounding the cities from the countryside , ' and is striving to work with small and medium - sized enterprises , " she explains .
Finding a profitable market niche is something that all the newcomers have in mind .
Last year , Yam Digital Technology and InterServ International got together in a joint venture to establish HRGini , which targets middle - and high - ranking managers in high - tech fields who have incomes in excess of one million NT dollars per year .
Director Janet Chen relates that the company employs state - of - the - art psychological profiling services , with job candidates first being screened by a psychological consultant in one - on - one interviews ; only if the applicant fits the corporate culture will he or she be recommended to the client firm .
Looking to Greater China
One reason that people are so optimistic about the human resources market is the performance of the market leader - 104 Job Bank .
It began turning a profit after only one - and - a - half years in operation , and its revenues , which were already over NT$ 100 million by 1999 , shot up to NT$ 300 million last year .
The company had only five staff members when they set up shop in 1996 ; now , only four years later , there are 190 .
Though 104 has commissions from more firms than any other in the market , they do not dare slack off .
Steven Su says that " we will always have competition from the traditional media like China Times and United Daily News , " because after all , 104 only works through the Internet .
He does not , however , fear the threat from the CTCareer website , which is under the China Times flag , nor is there anything especially novel about the exploitation of both the Internet and magazine formats by the UDN .
Last year Acer Peripherals invested in a combination website and magazine , but they exhausted their capital within three months .
Moreover , Su is skeptical about the survivability of the UDN 's Biung , " since , at NT$ 20 per issue , they are selling at a loss . "
But the people at UDN - Biung are very optimistic .
As Johnson Lee says : " Some people try to open the market with a shovel .
We are using a bulldozer . "
The UDN group is undertaking a three - pronged attack to crush their competition : continuing to access the wide readership of newspapers , targeting the high - tech sector through the Internet , and using the magazine format for regional companies with small budgets .
Based on past experience , most companies have used up their employment advertising budgets by year 's end , so the market is at a low ebb .
However , when the Chinese New Year passes , many employees , having collected their annual bonuses , want to change jobs , and this is when the market really heats up .
Although the manpower industry focuses on bringing together employers with job - seekers , there is much more to it these days than passing along CVs .
Firms now offer psychological screening , career - suitability evaluations , job training , and reassignment of staff .
Moreover , all these firms are turning their eyes toward the Greater China market .
The 104 Job Bank has been operating beyond Taiwan for some time , having registered its trademark and set up a website in the PRC two years ago -LRB- though it uses 115 in the mainland since that is the number of directory assistance there -RRB- .
HRGini 's Janet Chen says that there is a huge potential client base in the US and the Asia - Pacific region for tech - savvy staff .
And Johnson Lee notes : " If Taiwan can become the main axis of human resources management in the Greater China region , not only will this industry not be adversely affected by Taiwan 's economic downturn , it will also not be hurt by the large - scale move by Taiwan companies to the PRC . "
As we watch the race heating up between amalgamated veteran firms and ambitious newcomers , let us hope that the real winners turn out to be employers and job - seekers .
p. 107
Magazines are also trying to get a piece of the job - hunting market .
p. 108
The husband has been laid off and there is no money for the children 's tuition .
What can one do ?
Women 's groups have protested at the Legislative Yuan , calling for more attention to the problem of unemployment .
The government will spend more than NT$ 60 billion on infrastructure projects expected to create more than 40,000 jobs .
-LRB- photo by Hsueh Chi - kuang -RRB-
Director in Focus :
About Mayaw Biho
-LRB- Alexandra Liu / tr. by Robert Taylor -RRB-
Mayaw Biho -LRB- Chinese name Peng Shih - sheng -RRB- was born in 1969 .
His father is a native of Hunan Province in mainland China and his mother is an Amis .
Mayaw Biho , who calls himself half Amis , grew up in the Amis village of Cero -LRB- Chunjih -RRB- in Hualien County .
He never lived away from the village until he went to study cinematography at Taipei 's Shih Hsin University .
After coming to live in the city , Mayaw gradually came to realize how mainstream society in Taiwan regards the island 's aboriginal peoples , and became aware of the gap between reporting and reality .
He wished to break away from the all - pervasive practice of reporting aboriginal affairs from a purely Han Chinese perspective , and approach them anew from an aboriginal standpoint .
From filming " Aboriginal News Magazine " and " Our Island " for Public Television Service and " Declaration of Life " for Super TV , to becoming the independent director he is today , Mayaw has always insisted on following his own ideas .
Mayaw loves documentary films above all else .
While at university , he began making his first four films , " Spring Sun " is Our Name : Pangcah Paddlers from Spring - Sun Village ; As Life , As Pangcah ; Children in Heaven and Pangcah Artist : Gi Lahaz .
After graduating , he completed such films as Dear Rice Wine , You Are Defeated ; National Bandits and The Land in Our Hearts .
Mayaw 's filming of the story of Lukar Maku 's life has already entered its third year .
As Life , As Pangcah was only the first part .
During his summer vacation in the first year of filming , Mayaw went to live in Lukar 's home .
He spent all his time with the old man , and witnessed his perseverance and insistence on upholding Amis culture .
Lukar said that Mayaw 's documentary " shows just what it is a person of my age does . "
But he also told him : " Mayaw , you have to work faster .
You must come and see me more often . "
Mayaw too urges himself to work harder to finish editing the films he has already shot - of Lukar talking about tribal life , hunting , religion and war - to allow the story of the Amis to be told on this island where they have lived for thousands of years .
Chinese New Year 's Eve - Doing it the Modern Way
With celebrations for the long - anticipated start of the year 2000 barely over , Chinese people began busily preparing to mark another new year .
" Spring Festival , " as it is known , brings a longer break from work - compared with Western New Year - and is an altogether more meaningful occasion for the Chinese .
Amid today 's sweeping tide of modernization , Spring Festival is probably the only annual occasion left with a truly " Chinese " flavor .
So how do people celebrate Chinese New Year nowadays ?
How much of the ancient form of the festival survives , and what new elements have been added in our time ?
Under the crisp and pleasant skies of late December , Mrs. Pu , a woman in her late fifties who lives in a military dependents ' village in Taoyuan , hastens to place her order for 40 catties -LRB- 24 kg -RRB- of streaky pork .
When the meat arrives she chops it into one - catty strips , then steeps these in a marinade of dry - fried star anise and other spices , mixed with rock sugar , salt and Gaoliang liquor .
After several days of preparation , the result is larou , or end - of - year cured meat .
There 's still over one month to go before Spring Festival , but as Mrs. Pu explains : " It takes a fairly long time to make larou , and you have to make allowance for the weather .
It 's best to get going early so that you have the meat ready to give out to friends and relatives in time for New Year . "
Her ever - popular larou is made in accordance with a time - tested recipe .
She adds the spices in their special proportions , and then seals the meat in a vat to marinate for six days so as to ensure a full flavor .
After being removed from the vat the strips are slowly smoked over a mixture of sugarcane bark , charcoal , orange peel and rice husks , until they have acquired a lovely luster and exude a delicious aroma .
Finally the cured strips are hung out for two or three days in the sun to draw off excess fat .
For Mrs. Pu and her husband , the traditional lunar new year has more significance than the Western version .
It provides the opportunity for making food in the traditional style of their home region , much of which they give to others , and also brings the whole family together for an eagerly awaited celebration .
New Year 's Eve dinner is the highlight , with three generations - more than ten hungry mouths - gathered for the feast .
" We need at least ten New Year dishes , " says Mrs. Pu .
In addition to servings of chicken , duck , fish and pork , they always have some of the specialties of her husband 's home region , Anhui Province in mainland China , including yuanzi meatballs -LRB- minced pork blended with chopped spring onion , ginger , garlic and rice noodles , rolled in cornstarch flour and deep - fried -RRB- .
Other favorites such as pearl balls -LRB- meatballs wrapped in sticky rice -RRB- , pork knuckle in brown sauce , and mixed vegetables , dishes that Mr. and Mrs. Pu like to make for themselves and others all year round , also appear at the table , all cooked with extra special attention for New Year .
In fact , preparations for the feast begin three or four days before the event itself .
Slowly warming up
The timing of Chinese New Year is determined by the traditional lunar calendar and marks an important transition , the point when Winter gives way to Spring .
In China , a country founded on farming , there has always been a tangible link between seasonal changes and the pattern of agricultural production .
As this link was absorbed into people 's lives it gave rise to the rituals of rural existence , the most prominent of which marked the conclusion of the natural cycle at the end of every year .
Thus New Year became the most important of all traditional festivals , symbolizing endless rebirth and the continuation of the natural cycle .
While underpinning the annual cycle of festivals and the daily routine of the people , New Year also , through its religious - type observances , came to express Chinese people 's ideas about life , nature , and clan society .
The attitudes and lifestyles of the Chinese are also given full expression through the various activities that take place during the holiday .
Traditions such as sweeping the house to " drive out the old and bring in the new , " venerating the gods , making offerings to ancestors , having the whole family eat together and stay up late on New Year 's Eve , calling on friends and relatives on New Year 's day , and - for married women - visiting their parents on the following day .
In spite of the changes wrought by modernization , which make it impossible for the New Year to be celebrated in exactly the way that it used to be , and regardless of the simplifications that have taken place , Spring Festival remains the longest and most important holiday in the calendar .
It is , as ever , a time of plenty and of family reunion - a great occasion for everyone .
Homeland of the soul
Food is an obsession with the Chinese , and never more so than at New Year when virtually every family - like Mrs. Pu 's in Taoyuan - enjoys one or two dishes prepared to their own " private " recipe , plus other edible treats with special symbolism .
For most people , dishes such as these are forever bound up with the spirit of New Year .
Writer Lin Wen - yueh has penned numerous articles on the culture of food and drink in recent years , including a vignette -LRB- from her collection of essays Epicurean Notes -RRB- about New Year with the family , entitled " Luobo Pudding . "
" When the Chinese do New Year , one type of specialty is indispensable : New Year pudding . . . .
However , as China covers such a vast territory , this pudding comes in different versions according to region .
For example , people in the belt south of the Yangtze River generally eat " Ningpo pudding , " made from sticky rice shaped into broad bars , while those hailing from Guangdong and the Southern Fujian region go for luobo pudding , made from a mixture of shredded white turnip -LRB- luobo -RRB- and long - grain rice .
As Lin writes : " Although my family moved around a lot when I was little , Mother was quite stubborn about personally taking charge in the kitchen every New Year to make luobo pudding for the whole family .
So when we spent New Year in Shanghai , we did n't have Ningpo pudding like the rest of the people there , and when we were in Tokyo we did n't have the " mirror cake " that they like in Japan .
No matter where we were , it was always luobo pudding for us . "
Lin recalls that there were so many mouths to feed at New Year that they had to use two or three large bamboo steamers to make the puddings .
Come New Year , the children were always attracted by the unusually busy atmosphere in the kitchen , and loved running in and out to check on what was going on , meanwhile getting under everyone 's feet .
Lin 's mother was n't too happy about this , and the kitchen helpers would impatiently wave the kids away , calling : " Shoo ! Shoo ! Go outside and play ! "
However , as Lin grew up , her mother would call her and the other girls to her side to watch and help out .
She said : " Follow closely , now .
One day I 'll be gone , and you 'll have to do this all by yourselves . "
Making luobo pudding is a demanding process and requires plenty of ingredients .
Nowadays there 's no need to wait for New Year - the pudding can be sampled throughout the year at Hong Kong - style dimsum restaurants or bought readymade in the market .
But come the last month in the lunar calendar , Lin Wen - yueh still prepares several luobo puddings the old - fashioned way , so that her family and friends can enjoy New Year pudding " the way mama used to make it . "
Difficult time of year
Nowadays it is n't so easy to recreate the elaborate New Years of the past .
The speeded - up , stripped - down pace of modern life has reduced the event in scale , and people now regard New Year in different ways according to how it fits in with their lives .
Surveys show that among the Chinese , New Year is ranked as one of the most stressful facets of life .
A tale from the past shows how New Year has always been a source of financial pressure for families .
During the Ming dynasty -LRB- 1368 - 1644 -RRB- , a Fuzhou prefectural magistrate named Cai Junmo issued an order for every family in the district to light seven lanterns for Lantern Festival -LRB- the 15th day of the first lunar month -RRB- .
One of the residents of the prefecture , a man named Chen Lie , satirized the magistrate 's order with a verse that he painted on a large lantern :
" In the homes of the rich , lanterns are as plentiful as rice in the granary /
In the homes of the poor , a single lantern reduces fathers and sons to misery /
The carefree magistrate may not be aware of this /
And simply complains that the music is n't good enough . "
In the Haifeng area of Guangdong Province , there is a saying to describe the hardship that the holiday brings for the poor - whom the festival often relieved of a whole year 's worth of painstakingly accumulated surplus : " Those with money celebrate New Year ; those without money get stripped bare . "
This was especially so given that the " close of the year " was also the time when creditors turned up to claim their dues and " close " their accounts .
Chen Chih - fan , the scientist and well - known essayist , once described how he , as the eldest son in a poor family , used to spend the days before New Year writing and selling spring couplets in the market , so as to help his father pay off debts and buy goodies for his siblings .
On account of his skill at calligraphy , Chen spent many a New Year in this fashion .
As a successful scholar he was later able to recall this episode with pride , yet the bitterness and hurt still showed through in his words .
Tough work , year after year
On top of economic pressures , New Year , for many housewives , brings the added burden of endless household chores .
In the past , this meant a nonstop round of house cleaning , making pudding , doing the New Year shopping and making new clothes , starting from the 8th day of the 12th lunar month .
There was also the matter of performing the prescribed observances to heaven and earth , the ancestors , the kitchen god and various other deities .
Things are simpler nowadays , but putting together a New Year dinner to fill the bellies of everyone in the family still presents an enormous culinary and physical challenge .
For those who live far from the parental home , there 's the added trial of transport conditions - congested roads , fully - booked trains and airplanes - to foil the plans of all who would hurry home in time to spend New Year 's Eve with the clan .
And if you live in a large family with plenty of old folk and youngsters - all expecting red envelopes of cash - your hard - earned year - end bonus may well be gone by the time New Year is over .
In recent years , New Year has increasingly shown up on the agenda of the women 's movement .
Many women now object to the tradition of spending New Year 's Eve with the family of their spouse , rather than at the homes of their own parents , and point out that this is one of the nasty little legacies of a patriarchal society , something which goes against the modern principle of sex equality .
" I 'm an only daughter , and my father has passed away , so I really hate leaving mom to spend New Year 's Eve all alone . "
" When we go over to my husband 's family , it 's nothing but nonstop cleaning and cooking ! "
These are some of the many complaints expressed by women writing to the letters pages in the press .
For many people , the solution is to book a holiday abroad at this time of year so as to avoid the whole occasion .
Others opt to splash out on dinner at a hotel or restaurant so that no - one has to worry about getting everything ready .
For modern , urban families , these are two of the fashionable and convenient new ways of surviving New Year .
A bittersweet evening
" The most scary thing is the deep - seated clan mentality of the Chinese , " says Li Yuan , an author known for his writings on the topic of family .
" It can tangle the relationship between parents and children into a never - unraveled web of pain and intimacy - which does n't always make for happy family reunions . "
No wonder New Year 's Eve is frequently a time of generational conflict .
Li describes the case of his own family .
His mother and father came from Hakka backgrounds on the mainland , and as clan identity is strongly emphasized in Hakka culture , his father used to require all his children and grandchildren to be at the family home for dinner on New Year 's Eve .
Concerned about the burden on the old couple , Li persuaded them to hold the annual get - together at his house , with dinner prepared by his wife and sisters .
Striving valiantly to create a party atmosphere , Li took a leaf out of " Old Laizi 's " book , -LRB- Old Laizi was a legendary paragon of filial piety who acted like a child well into his seventies just to keep his parents amused -RRB- , dreaming up little pranks with the help of his children .
For example , they gave mischievous names to each of the dishes served for New Year 's Eve dinner , like " Dongfang the Invincible 's Chopped - off Willy , " " The Flower of Guanyin 's Slender Waist , " and " Sea Cucumber , Squid and Meatballs - a Three - in - one World . "
" The mood of good cheer and togetherness at New Year can indeed leave some heart - warming memories , " acknowledges Li Yuan .
" But the occasion can also dredge up less pleasant associations from the past . "
During New Year 's Eve six years ago , Li 's father could n't stop himself getting worked up , in spite of the family 's best efforts to keep the mood light .
Dinner was nearly over when the old fellow demanded that his children come to his side , and announced : " I want to square up accounts with every one of you , each in turn . . . . "
He began to lecture them about how hard he had struggled in his youth to bring them all up , recalling every little incident as though it were yesterday .
He broke down in tears once he got onto the things that had hurt him , and after that there was no calming him down .
" He had absolutely no idea that his children all had to swallow their own share of hurt and disappointment while growing up , but never complained to him .
Now each of them felt afresh the grievances of childhood , and began to strike back , one after another . "
Li described the ensuing scenario :
" Some wheeled out their heavy artillery and some used the machine - gun approach .
Cannon and gunfire rang out on that cold rainy night , while tears flowed and fireworks exploded .
The old bruiser , nearly 80 years old , was struck speechless .
His authority lay in tatters , long since torn down by his adult offspring .
He 'd taken so many hits by then that he was riddled with bullet - holes .
He slumped miserably back into his chair , lips quivering as if to speak , but no words coming from his mouth . "
The evening ended in tears and awkwardness .
" Our family was quite poor when we were growing up , " says Li , " and Father suffered plenty of frustrations on our behalf .
He thought that we had n't properly repaid him once we had grown up , and felt quite bitter about it .
But he did n't realize that we too , growing up in such circumstances , faced hardship and frustration .
Like my elder sister who had to work her way through school .
Everyone had something to get off his chest .
It all got quite heated . "
Li felt depressed and guilty about the way the evening turned out .
When he went over to his parents house the next day to pay his New Year respects , he asked his children to help smooth things over , and he scrubbed clean the toilet bowl as penance .
Li Yuan 's father passed away the year before last .
His mother , more relaxed about things than her husband , was n't concerned about doing a New Year 's Eve dinner , so last year the family cancelled the tradition .
" Mom decided to take a trip abroad .
My family and I like the unusual quiet that descends on Taipei 's streets for the period of the festival , and since we did n't want to make any special arrangements , we just stayed home and had a good rest . "
A quiet New Year
" What we are missing , " says author Yang Hsiao - yun , " is a way of bringing new meaning into the old tradition , a way of spending New Year that suits ordinary people . "
Yang 's strongest association with New Year is of going to do the New Year 's shopping with the grown - ups when she was little .
" We were always very thrifty in those days , without extra cash for new things .
New Year was the only time when we got to bring bulging bags and packages back to the house .
Just the sight of all those treats - chicken , duck , fish and pork ; candies and cookies ; fruits and soda drinks - was a thrill for us .
Then there were all the New Year presents , like new clothes , shoes and hats .
At New Year our parents liked to dress the girls in red from head to toe , for good luck and for fun .
We looked as if we 'd been dipped in a tub of haw juice . "
In spite of the excitement that she remembered feeling , as a child , about getting to wear new clothes and new hats , Yang later began to question this way of spending New Year .
She felt especially turned off by the orgy of consumption connected with the festival .
" It was only after I had kids of my own that I began to rethink the importance of New Year - partly out of nostalgia , and partly to pass the tradition on to my children , " admits Yang .
Nowadays she emphasizes just three aspects of the occasion : getting the family together , enjoying the festive spirit , and having a rest .
" At one point we tried the fashionable thing , taking the family away for a vacation , but being abroad we really missed that festive flavor . "
Eventually she returned to the traditional form , making the New Year 's Eve dinner herself , and always including a Manchurian - style pickled cabbage hotpot prepared just the way her parents used to do it .
-LRB- Her father hailed from Liaoning Province in mainland China . -RRB-
" With life as busy and stressful as it is the rest of the year , we decided to drop the formal New Year gathering .
Instead , we now spend the time relaxing at home , doing whatever we fancy , be it sitting quietly and reading , listening to music , going on an outing , or talking about the ups and downs of the past year .
Or we might invite a couple of close friends round to reminisce about old times .
It 's quiet , and it 's really satisfying .
" On the other hand , " continues Yang , " the end of the year can also serve as a reminder for people to review their past actions . "
She always sets aside a little time for herself on New Year 's Eve to do just this .
As midnight approaches , and with all the household chores taken care of , Yang settles down to quietly reflect on how she has grown during the past twelve months , and to draw up her personal " profit and loss sheet " for the year .
" It 's nothing to do with money , " she stresses .
" It 's a way of measuring whether I 've achieved my objectives , in my work and in my personal maturity .
I ask myself what my bad habits are .
It 's a kind of New Year 's Eve dish for the spirit ! "
Yang feels that if we redefine New Year in terms of its contemplative and spiritual meaning , rather than just regarding it as an occasion for feasting and partying , then we can better sense how time passes , and see that another phase in our working lives has been completed .
In this way we can make our wishes for the year ahead , setting goals for work and for personal growth , without getting maudlin about time 's passage and the meaninglessness of it all .
For the Chinese , the family is the basic unit for celebrating New Year , but the family , like society , has been changing in recent years .
Couples whose children have grown up and moved out , face the " empty nest syndrome , " while many individuals , particularly among the elderly , live on their own .
However , for people like these , and for the homeless , there are still ways of enjoying " a good get - together " at New Year .
All together now
One month before last year 's Chinese New Year , artist Wang Cheng - liang placed some articles in the press seeking others like himself - single people with nothing special to do on New Year 's Eve - to register for a New Year 's Eve dinner and party at his studio .
You did n't have to know anyone else going .
Plenty of people took up the offer , and the party was packed .
For Wang , it was the most fun he 'd ever had at New Year .
Lin Wen - yueh moved to California once her children had grown up and started families of their own , so she can no longer spend New Year with her immediate family .
But her enthusiasm for the festival has n't waned .
" Now I spend New Year with friends who are in similar circumstances to me .
Each of us brings a dish for the meal , and makes his own contribution .
It 's all very relaxed . "
For Lin , friendship is as heart - warming as family ties .
" New Year is part of our shared cultural and ethnic memory .
It 's a homeland of the soul for every one of us .
The external form may have changed , but the memory of some inner yearning , that sense of needing to belong , these are things that can never change . "
For those often - overlooked old folk and street people , there are special New Year dinners organized by private welfare groups , enabling them to share in the human warmth of the occasion .
Last year the Buddha 's Light International Association organized New Year 's Eve dinners in the north , center and south of Taiwan , which were attended by more than 5,000 old folk who live alone .
This year they are repeating the exercise , and are including a special event in Nantou County to bring some warmth and love to elderly survivors of the 9 / 21 earthquake there .
Another group , the Creation Social Welfare Foundation - which is well known for its work with street people and for taking care of vegetative - state patients - runs an annual New Year 's Eve party for homeless people .
" Giving and serving , these too form part of the meaning and purpose of New Year . "
The Venerable Yung Fu of the Buddha 's Light International Association hopes that today 's well - fed , well - clothed people of Taiwan can extend the warmth and love of their own families out to society at large , and especially to those most in need of attention , so as to widen and elevate the meaning of New Year .
It is no surprise that amid the hectic pace of modern life , some of the relaxed good fun has gone out of Chinese New Year .
But as a custom that has been part of the culture for so long , it continues to occupy a unique position in our hearts and lives .
What remains to be seen is how well we can adapt and update this ancient tradition to fit the changing needs of modern society .
Gods of Wealth , Please Report !
-LRB- Chang Chin - ju / photos by Hseuh Chi - kuang / tr. by Jonathan Barnard -RRB-
The Taiwanese economy may be slump - ing , but people still have to eat and drink .
The Chinese have traditionally listed seven essentials for any household : firewood , rice , oil , salt , soy sauce , vinegar , and tea .
But there is still another item that only seems to grow more indispensable the harder times become .
Indeed some say that unless you have a wealth charm - " the eighth household essential " - you will never find peace of mind !
Here at the start of the 21st century , the Year of the Snake is upon us .
Have you found your path to prosperity ?
Have you identified the mascots of money - making ?
If you ask the shopkeepers in the main streets or back alleys , they will tell you that the favorite figure of the moment is the Maneki Neko , or Japanese " beckoning cat , " whose Chinese name is literally " wealth - attracting cat " -LRB- -LRB-c-RRB-?]o? -RRB- .
The Maneki Neko has ridden a wave of fashion for things Japanese to superstardom in Taiwan , and its sales have n't suffered a whit with the slumping economy .
Not only are Japanese foodstuff shops and Japanese product counters at department stores quickly selling out of their regular shipments of these feline fortune finders , Maneki Nekos were even on sale in the run - up to New Year 's at the roadside stalls selling traditional Chinese holiday paraphernalia , such as lanterns and spring couplets on red paper .
They smiled flirtatiously at shoppers from between the potbellied Buddhas and the mock gold ingots .
Amid the crowds and the hubbub at the Sogo in Taipei , Taiwan 's top - grossing department store , it 's clear that these kitties bring more than just good financial fortune .
Check out this rack full of copycat charms that have come from Japan on Maneki Neko 's tail .
Take , for instance , this litter of Fengshui Kitties , lined up here with each holding a different colored pearl : red , purple , blue , white or yellow .
The Fengshui Kitty with the yellow pearl , which specializes in attracting money , is now selling even better than Maneki Neko !
Foreign cats , local toads
But there is no need to restrict our survey to foreign felines .
Chinese are , as a rule , fengshui experts who will consider the auspiciousness of virtually anything .
For that matter , the Chinese display a willingness to believe in the auspiciousness of just about anything !
Hence , they have never lacked their own stately or amusing charms to pull in wealth and keep it within a household .
The Chinese folk charms of financial good fortune have a great variety of origins , an abundance that is due in large part to the Chinese people 's virtuosity at making things up as they go along .
For starters , there is the God of Wealth on the peachwood charms that people bring out for the New Year .
